Your cousin defaces and ruins a family heirloom you care about. Trigger.
Your relationship with your partner worsens over time, small things adding up over the years that make you think you're being manipulated. Trigger.
Your spouse works and you stay at home. One day, you discover that they are sabotaging your attempts at finding work. Trigger.
Your spouse is abusive, and after one particularly bad night, you have had too much and shoot them with a gun. The sight of the corpse in the aftermath makes you trigger.
You were raised by parents with emotional problems and tried to be as polite as you could to counteract it. After you leave, you realize that you have no sense of identity because of this. Trigger.
You were looking forward to growing up, but an accident and the operation after it traps you in puberty forever. Trigger.
You didn't raise your child well after the divorce. They trigger, swapping bodies with you, and abuse you as revenge. You trigger.
Fleeing from the police, you jump a fence and impale yourself on the spikes. You trigger when you see the approaching lights, still in agonizing pain.
You were well known for your skills in a brawl, but as you got older, those skills faded. Drunk, past your prime, and looking for someone to beat up, you trigger in a bar when everyone ignores you.
People spread false rumors about you online and they grew until you were doxxed. The online harassment turned into real life harrassment, interfering with your job, your life, and your relationships. Trigger.
Your parents treated you unusually, and you took it upon yourself to find out why. You discovered that you were adopted, the child of an incarcerated supervillain, and the emotional betrayal makes you trigger.
Your job is to protect children from their abusive families and find them new homes. Your last case was especially bad, but the parents lie in court and you realize you won't be able to do anything to help this child. Trigger.
You are a doctor. A cape threatens to kill you if you don't treat their relative, and that if you fail, they will kill you. You trigger when you realize there is nothing you can do to save the patient.
You used to be smart, but years have passed and you can't find any inspiration anymore. You struggle at your job, failing to meet the bar your past self set, and you trigger under the pressure.
You and a group of friends were trapped underground when spelunking. You trigger when you realize there is no way out.
You're so sick that it affects your life and you have to get surgery for it. You lose your friends, your grades drop, and the surgery fails. You trigger.
Your doctor tells you that you have a disease that will deteriorate your brain until you aren't capable of coherent thought. Trigger.
You were left a large sum of money in a will, but you get sick shortly after. You are certain that a family member is trying to poison you for the inheritance, but you can't figure out who. Trigger.
A villain killed someone important to you, and you pursued revenge. When you tried to shoot them, they were unharmed, and now you can feel them starting to kill you as well. Trigger.
You injure yourself during your hobby of parkour. The injury causes you to get hit by a car. Trigger.
You were arrested and placed in an interrogation room, but you have been ignored for hours, maybe days. You are beginning to feel the possibilities of dehydration, and you realize you may die here. Trigger.
Your husband is a Master that forces you to claim he is a hero. You trigger after months of stress.
You did something illegal to make money for your child. You are arrested and realize you may never see your child again. Trigger.
You have been cheating on your spouse, and are with your partner on a trip. You find your partner tied up, and your spouse ready to harm you. Trigger.
Your parents are professional ice skaters and you will never live up to their expectations. Trigger.
After being kidnapped, you developed Stockholm Syndrome. When you were rescued, you realize you will never see your captor again. Trigger.
You saved money over five years to buy a guitar, but you were mugged on your way to buy it. Trigger.
A Tinker controls you with a machine that turns you into a puppet. You trigger after weeks of abuse.
You try a new diet of water and carrot juice, but it causes poisoning and liver failure. Trigger.
You can only trust your partner. Everyone else is trying to kill you. When your partner is hospitalized you realize that you have nobody to protect you. Trigger.
An accident left you comatose. When you woke you were told that your spouse died in that accident and you now owe too much money for the medical care. Trigger.
You can't stand being around people but society forces you to interact with them. Trigger.
An equipment malfunction during skydiving causes your mask to come loose. You trigger as you realize you will die of hypoxia or black out before you can pull the parachute cord.
You were poisoned with dimethylmercury. You realize you have days to live. Trigger.
After a successful case as a defense attorney, the prosecuting party confronts you and holds you at gunpoint. Trigger.
You were bullied at school, but the Principal told you that he didn't want to bring attention to the case because it would damage the school's reputation. Trigger.
You hang out on the roof of a building with your friends and get drunk. One falls off on accident, and you trigger.
You and your mother live alone, avoiding your abusive father. One day, he arrives. Trigger.
You are freezing to death outdoors and cannot find shelter. Trigger.
You accidentally run over your child. Trigger.
You fall into the shark tank while working at the aquarium. Trigger.
Your mother's new boyfriend abuses you and abuses your mother when she tries to protect you. Trigger.
Your parents don't believe you are a deer. You run away from home and pretend to be a deer. You trigger when you realize you do not know how deer survive in the wild.
Your favorite online game and only hobby slowly loses players. You lose your online and only friends and one day the game is cancelled, leaving you with nothing. Trigger.
Your boss pressures you into taking stimulants to improve your work efficacy. Trigger.
You have been avoiding your father, who is stalking you. He finds you and shoots you. Trigger.
You slip on the floor in a food preparation area. Your arm falls into the deep fryer. Trigger.
You fall out of a car while trying to smash mailboxes with a baseball bat. Trigger.
You know that God is always watching you and you know you can't avoid his gaze. It all becomes too much. Trigger.
You start a protest and cover yourself in lighter fluid. One of the other protesters accidentally sets you on fire. Trigger.
Your dog has puppies but none of them are breathing. Trigger.
Your single mother works three jobs and doesn't have time for you. One day, the stress causes her to snap and beat you. Trigger.
Your parents kept you medicated because they knew you had the potential to get powers. When you realize, you want to stop, but the addiction to the medication makes it difficult. Trigger.
You achieve nirvana, but your life is threatened. You realize you are uncertain about the afterlife, and trigger.
You are harassed over the years by a stalker. One day, they send you a message with your photograph in it. Trigger.
You are exhausted and stressed by the daily routine of being a single parent. You are distracted and crash your car. You can hear your children screaming. Trigger.
A cruel stranger exploits your phobia of hot water and mocks you for it. Trigger.
Your brother convinced you to get on a ferris wheel, but the height is too much and it looks structurally unstable. You panic and rattle the ferris car, which frightens you more. Trigger.
You love your parent but a police man shows you evidence that they are a drug dealer. Trigger.
Homeschool left you unprepared for high school. You are a social outcast. Trigger.
A cape fight traps your child and you can't save them. Trigger.
You get extremely sick in an area with poor medical coverage. Trigger.
You used to be famous, but were forgotten after several years. You trigger in obscurity.
You are an immoral lawyer. Someone poisons you as revenge. Trigger.
Your wife had a power that let her envelop your body like armor. You acted as heroes together. One day, when she takes herself off of you, the damage you had sustained becomes evident. You trigger when you feel your organs being crushed.
You are working a sixteen hour shift as a surgeon. You are exhausted and your patient dies on the table. You trigger as the patient's family screams at you for your failure.
You are jealous of your spouse's best friend and poison them, but you are discovered. Trigger.
You killed your abusive father when you were young, but someone is using that to blackmail you. Trigger.
You were drunk driving and got in an accident that killed your spouse and two others. Feeling intense guilt, you trigger.
Your father never treated you well because you were the result of an affair. He dies and you never get closure. Trigger.
Your partner was killed in a car accident and you will never see them again. Trigger.
Someone takes you prisoner and poisons you. Trigger.
You were gaslighted by your partner and manipulated. When you realize, you trigger.
You got pregnant in high school and got an abortion. You became a social outcast. Trigger.
You had a phobia of physical contact after being attacked. When your spouse gives you a hug, you react poorly and badly injure them. Trigger.
You are sentenced to fifteen years of solitary confinement for your crimes. Nobody can understand your genius. Trigger.
You offended some capes while they were drunk. They torture you with their powers. Trigger.
You believe that the country is run by lizard people. One day, you see a lizard person outside of their flesh suit and confront them, but they attack you. You trigger, knowing the truth will die with you.
You are stung many times by warrior wasps in the rainforest. The pain drives you insane and you trigger.
You have a heart problem and can't find a replacement. You turn to the black market to buy an organ. It turns out to be an FBI sting. You are arrested. Trigger.
You and your brother run away from home to escape your abusive parents. One day, a police man tells you your brother is dead because he turned to crime to provide for you. Now you have to live with your abusive family again. Trigger.
You are a failure at everything and you are obsessed with capes. One day you realize your obsession is what causes you to fail at everything. Trigger.
You fall down a storm drain and break your leg. You feel something that you think is a skull and you panic. Trigger.
Your blind date turns out to be someone who handcuffs and tortures you. Trigger.
You are interrogated by criminals. One of them prepares to lobotomize you with an ice pick. Trigger.
You overachieve in school to make your bereaved mother happy. It is too stressful and damages your health and social life. You start to perform poorly, which causes your mother to abuse you. Trigger.
You have diarrhea on your first day of university. You try to hold it in until you get home, but you can't. You shit yourself in public and ruin your life. Trigger.
You try to summon a demon with a dark ritual to trade your soul for power. You get scared partway through the ritual, however, and think you feel something brush up against you in the darkness. You are terrified and have changed your mind. You don't want to sell your soul. Trigger.
There is something wrong with you. Only violence makes you happy. Your father is a pastor and you want his approval. Only his guidance keeps you in check. One day a child sees you torturing a squirell and runs to tell your father. He will know you are a freak and will be disgusted with you. Trigger.
You drive on a narrow country road at night and see another set of headlights. You try to back up, but your car hits the edge of a cliff and the other driver doesn't stop. Trigger.
A cosmetic surgery to your genitals goes bad and leads to life threatening complications. Vanity and fear of judgement make you and delay treatment, but it doesn't get better. You collapse and are taken to a hospital. You trigger from pain, fear, and humiliation.
You're the unlucky bastard who triggers from getting dysentery. You almost shit yourself to death, even though you live in a first-world country.
You have a severe debilitating asthma attack while heading home late at night to see a friend with nobody around to help.
A head injury leads to skill-oriented amnesia. You lose the ability to perform basic tasks like writing and operating a doorknob, tying your shoes. Everyone's supportive, but they can't understand your frustration. In a fit, almost insane, you get into a car and drive off- or try to. Hurt and borderline deranged, you trigger.
You watched your family's shipping business fall to pieces after devastation to ports by Leviathan made things fall through. Trigger.
You try to run away from home, but you're caught packing. Your parents hold you down and force sleeping pills down your throat. When you wake up you hear them talking about how crazy you are. Trigger.
You're in a plane when the engine fails, the captain making reassurances you can hardly believe as you can see the smoke blowing right past your window. Doomed to a flying coffin, you trigger.
You fall into an underground cave system through a sinkhole, stumbling around in the pitch blackness. You trigger when you finally give up any hope of escaping the caves
You had juvenile diabetes, and your feet don't have the sensations of the rest of your body. Imagine the horror when you woke up to find that your pet Fluffles had eaten part of the foot and the toes of your right foot, trying to 'save' you from infected tissue.
You have drugs at a praty with friends. Afterwards you suffer from night terrors, nightmares, and sleepwalking. You trigger from frustration.
You are a teacher. A student of yours brings a gun to school after being continuously bullied. You stop him and he is killed by the police. Later, parents of one of the bullies harangue you about their child's grades. Trigger.
You met your soulmate and began to watch and follow them. You didn't mind that they had a significant other. You stayed under the bed and watched them. One day, you are discovered. Trigger.
You and your band are having your first performance. However, everything goes terribly wrong. You realize you and your band will never amount to anything. Trigger.
Your parents want you to be more socially outgoing and force you to go to therapy to improve your social skills. You hate the sessions and after many of them, you snap. Your father slaps you, and you trigger.
Your mouth was badly damaged when you drank chemicals as a child. Now your face is disfigured. You trigger when multiple people insult you on your appearance. Trigger.
You join a gang to keep your family safe, but your brother joins the same gang and gets addicted to meth. Trigger.
You attempt suicide by taking many different pills, but only succeed in chronically damaging your internal organs, suffering in agony. Trigger.
You met some people online and formed a suicide pact with them. After you met, you had second thoughts, as did a few others, but one of them refuses to honor that, and attempts to kill all of you. Trigger.
You are kidnapped and forced to fight in a fighting ring. Trigger.
You steal cars for a living, but one of the cars you stole had a tracker. You trigger as you are being chased by police cars and helicopters.
You and your partner stole copper wire to sell. Your partner died after being electrocuted by a live wire. Everyone is asking you about your partner's disappearance. Trigger.
You have a major phobia of germs. Your friends stage an intervention and invite you out for dinner, but you are disgusted by the state of things, and surrounded by unhygenic surfaces. Trigger.
Your mother takes good care of you and spoils you. However, she goes missing without a word for more than a week. When you finally hear the news, you find she's committed suicide. Trigger.
You fall into a septic tank and can't climb out. You are covered in filth and slowly drowning. Nobody answers your cries for help. Trigger.
You were kidnapped by a group of extremists, forced into marriage, and tattooed. Trigger.
You visit the site of a radioactive catastrophe and take appropriate precautions. However, toxic rain burns your skin and equipment, causing you to trigger.
You are trapped in a malfunctioning submarine and slowly running our of air. Trigger.
You hear about violent break-ins in your area. Your spouse leaves on a business trip and you can't sleep at night. One night you hear someone in your house and attack them, killing them. You realize it is your spouse. Trigger.
Your father was a Tinker. When he died he left you a bunch of money, but you wasted it all. You trigger when you realize you have nothing left.
You get drunk at a party and walk home instead of driving. It begins to rain heavily and you vomit on the ground and fall over. You feel like you are dying. Trigger.
You get a tattoo, but the tattoo scars, ruiniing your appearance. The scar will only get worse. Trigger.
After heroes arrive in your small town, the police begin to abuse their authority. They catch you performing a minor crime and waterboard you. Trigger.
Someone releases toxic gas into the vents at your school, causing you to trigger.
You find burglars in your home. The burglars tie you up and cut off your circulation while they rob you. They ignore you when you ask for help, and you trigger.
You are a serial killer. After killing someone, you are discovered by the police, who violently beat you and then arrest you. Trigger.
You have been lying to your parents about your college classes for four years. You are nowhere near graduating and are just falling into debt and wasting your life. One day they surprise you with a visit and realize your lie. Trigger.
You are diagnosed with a terminal illness. Your friends and family slowly increase their distance from you. Trigger.
The police man who killed your wife in a traffic accident is not punished for his crimes. Trigger.
You take illegal drugs at a party and begin hemorrhaging violently, but nobody helps you, instead just ignoring you or telling you to shut up. You trigger, unaware that you were only hallucinating.
Your parents expect you to become a professional athlete. You realize that they have dictated your entire life, and realize that you will be trapped in the life they've set out for you. Trigger.
You suffer from chronic cluster headaches and have for your entire life. One day the pain gets to be so bad that you resolve to kill yourself after the episode ends. Then, the pain gets even worse, and you trigger.
You are lost in the wilderness with no supplies after an expedition gone wrong. Trigger.
You had an embolism while working on an online project with others. You are paralyzed and slowly dying, and you watch your coworkers insult you for not contributing enough. Trigger.
You hear voices in your head. Surgery removes a tumor from your brain and the voices vanish. You trigger out of loneliness.
You wake to find your house on fire, and manage to get out. You realize your family is still inside, burning to death. Trigger.
Your mother poisons you and tries to make you trigger. It doesn't work, but when you go to the doctor and are told that you have organ failure and brain damage, you do trigger.
Your friend suffers a severe allergic reaction, but nobody believes you. They die despite your best efforts to get them medical care. Trigger.
You are trapped at work as your workplace burns to the ground. Trigger.
You are pressured to attend a rave and take illegal drugs. You pass out and are woken up by a police officer, who arrests you. Trigger.
You have metal implants in your body. A fight between two capes rips all the metal out of your body. Trigger.
You find out your father fed you tapeworms to qualify you for a modeling job. You trigger in pain as the tapeworms leave your body.
You are targeted by rumors in a small town. A vigilante attacks you. Trigger.
You are kidnapped by a cult that attempts to brainwash you into worshiping the Simurgh. Trigger.
The boy up the street has been sexually abusing you for years. One day, he tires of you and beats you up instead. Trigger.
You run out of gas in the wilderness and are attacked by wolves. Trigger.
You trigger in an Endbringer shelter after hearing the news that the city is doomed and the heroes have left.
An unhinged individual follows you home and threatens you. Trigger.
You are interviewed on live TV and jumble your words. Complete strangers mock you for your speech defect. Trigger.
You are blind and find yourself in an unfamiliar area. Nobody answers your cries for help. Trigger.
You join a gang in prison for protection, but the gang's influence diminishes. You are branded a Nazi for your affiliation and violently tortured by other prisoners. Trigger.
You lied about your school project and have nothing to present by the deadline. Trigger.
You are an underground fighter. One fight goes poorly for you and you are violently beaten and injured.
A stalker obsessed with your feet follows you relentlessly and harasses you with messages. One day, you see them leaving a message. You trigger.
You suffer from chronic fatigue syndrome and slowly lose the time and energy to do anything you love. Trigger.
You are large and muscular and collect fees as part of a protection racket. Someone half your size beats you up when you threaten them. You trigger out of pain and shame.
You triggered and got the power to trade bodies. You traded bodies with someone whose life was worse than yours and can't swap back. You trigger again.
Your friend falls into the tiger enclosure at the zoo and you jump in to save him. Now there is a tiger trying to kill you. Trigger.
You were a minor criminal, but you were made the scapegoat for many other crimes. You are arrested and sentenced for life. Trigger.
You swerve to avoid a drunk driver and crash your car. Trigger.
You go rock climbing and slip, tearing your fingernails off and falling to your death. Trigger.
You are obsessed with capes. One day you accidentally uncover a cape's secret identity. You begin to worry about what will happen, and trigger out of paranoia.
You are an amateur pilot in a stunt show. You make an error and your plane plummets to your death. Trigger.
You are stabbed by a random stranger. Trigger.
At a state gymnastics meet, you execute a jump poorly and land on your back. You realize that the accident has paralyzed you. Trigger.
You work in a daycare and were accused of pedophilia. Your entire life falls apart. Trigger.
You attend a comedy show and the comedian insults you relentlessly. Your friends and family laugh as he tears you to pieces. Trigger.
You love your spouse. One day you are called and told that they died in an accident. Trigger.
You like to feed the crows. One day no crows show up. You find out they were exterminated. Trigger.
You are pepper sprayed by a police man while protesting. It causes you to thrash around, and the police man beats you violently for resisting arrest.
Your family doesn't like your fiancee. He is late to your wedding and you discover it is because he is a supervillain and he was arrested by the Protectorate. Your family expresses their disgust and you trigger.
Your father introduces you to a secret society that he was a part of. As part of your initiation, you are hazed, and receive severe internal injuries.
A psychopath ties you up, dips your finger in liquid nitrogen, and shatters it. Trigger.
After years of working in pornography to support your drug addiction, you were forced to take on more egregious jobs. One of these jobs goes horribly wrong. Trigger.
You have cancer. Everyone knows you are dying. Every time you interact with someone you are aware. Trigger.
You are an artist, but an accident left you unable to create art. One of your critics ridicules your work. Trigger.
A protest you are part of turns into a riot. You are violently beaten by the police. Trigger.
You realize that anaesthesia has no effect on you when you undergo surgery, but cannot communicate it. Trigger.
Your wheelchair is stolen. Trigger.
You are locked in your high school as it burns to the ground. Trigger.
You are trapped on a burning cruise ship and forced to choose between death by burning or drowning. Trigger.
You have a compulsion that makes you pull out all your hair. One day you can't find any more hair. Trigger.
You have a skiing accident and you can feel your organs spill out of your body. Trigger.
You mug someone for their wallet and jewelry and run away. When you do, they shoot you in the back. You trigger, paralyzed.
Your mother surprises you on your birthday by telling you you are adopted and attempting to seduce you. Trigger.
You are attacked by a man who mistakes you for your deadbeat twin. Trigger.
Your mother has Alzheimer's disease and doesn't remember who you are. Interacting with her is unbearable. Trigger.
You buy a very cheap car, and you are chased by the police because the car is stolen. You crash it into a tree and trigger.
Your parents find your drugs and send you to rehab. You are abused at rehab and suffer from the effects of withdrawal. You attempt to run away, but are caught. Trigger.
In the aftermath of an Endbringer attack, you fight a scavenger over supplies. After you kill him, you realize what you have done, and trigger.
You collect items because each item has a memory associated with it. Your relatives accuse you of hoarding and take all of your posessions away. Trigger.
You accidentally cut off three of your fingers while working on a woodworking project. Trigger.
A drunk man barges in on you when you use the bathroom and vomits on you. Trigger.
Two relatives of yours are capes. They are enemies. A fight between them at a family reunion injures you. You trigger.
Your ex-spouse does not let you see your children. You crash your car into their house and fall unconscious. You wake up handcuffed to a hospital bed. Trigger.
You turn a bomb shelter into a prison to trap people you kidnap, but lock yourself inside by mistake. Trigger.
You go fishing with a friend. The weather gets bad, and your friend drowns. You are also about to drown. Trigger.
You can't have kids so you have pets instead. One of the dogs you briing home mauls all of your pets. You trigger.
You trip over a homeless man who attacks you. When he claws you with his dirty fingernails, you trigger out of fear of infection.
You are mocked by hundreds of thousands of people online. Trigger.
When you were a teenager you got up to some weird stuff on the internet, namely, you drew a lot of weird porn and shared it with a community of other people that drew exceptionally weird porn on a popular fetish site. You don’t know why you spent much of your high school years participating in that scene, but you do know that you’ve moved on and it’s now just an embarrassing side note in your personal history that you never thought would be brought up again. That is, until you were tracked down. As you walk through your college dorm’s hall bright and early in the morning many years later, you notice that one of the more disturbing drawings you did (Featuring a well-known cape.) is taped to the wall, signed with your name. You quickly tear it down, but you notice that there are more of the sheets elsewhere in the hall, seemingly everywhere. As you hear other people waking up and getting ready to go about their days, you attempt to remove them all as fast as you can. As you frantically tear them down, you realize that even if you get them all down in time, the person doing this to you is likely going to make your secret known sooner or later no matter what. You trigger when you notice someone looking at one of the pictures in disgust.
You had been only a PRT operative, a greenhorn, but that didn’t matter to this guy. He thought if he made you keep reliving your routine in a dream with his freakish abilities, you’d give up the password. He was wrong, you kept to the Master Protocols even though there was no alert, you had just learned them and wanted to memorize them. After so many loops of that you lost count, the freak decided he needed to break you. The hallucinations shift to him grasping your head, each recent moment in time overlapping with the next in a dreamlike state. The mental stress is too much and as your screams echo in your head, reality falls away. Trigger.
In some places, sensory deprivation is used therapeutically; however, that's not where you are. The maniacs keeping you there aren't terribly sympathetic about your condition after several months of hour-long deprivation followed by sudden and excruciating exposure. Half-deaf, half-blind, half-insane, you wonder how long you'll be able to continue on like this. In the midst of your pondering, you realize the room around you is shaking as you lay shackled in a bathtub, thick cotton stuffed in your ears. The realization hits you like a truck, along with the double trigger of your morbid musing and ominous observations.
You are working as a dish cleaner at a local restaurant. The job is terrible and nobody at your workplace respects you. Unfortunately, you’re the type of person that just takes it, becoming the entire staff’s drudge as you do more than just clean the dishes; you handle pretty much all the worst jobs nobody else wants to do. After closing one night, one of the other employees accidently spills a gallon of sauce in the walk-in freezer. Because it’s time for everyone else to go home and the place is closing for the next few days due to a holiday, your boss tells you to stay late and clean it up. While you’re mopping up the sauce, the chair you were using to prop open the heavy freezer door skids out of the way and the door slams, trapping you there. Without even a jacket, you are forced to simply wait and freeze. You trigger as the skin starts peeling from your fingertips, black and hard.
"Times were tight before your significant other lost their dream job. After that they were downright horrid. You scraped by, month after month, sliding deeper into debt. Everything would have been okay if they had managed to get another job, but application after application and email after email came back, rejecting them. After the first couple of months, they stopped applying, sinking into depression. Some days they didn’t even get out of bed, when they did they were barely more than a robot, blankly going through the motions. None of your encouragement makes a difference as you watch them waste away, all while working yourself to the bone.
 That is until one day, when they get out bed with a spring in their step. They’re lively and animated, a far cry from the shadow they’d been for the last few months. You head off to work, hopeful for the first time in ages. Even the parking-lot traffic on the freeway can’t get you down. Until you spot a familiar figure on the edge of an overpass. You scream in panic as they step up onto the ledge and your recognize your other half, before leaping into the open air with a smile on their face, before plummeting towards the sea of cars below. Trigger."
A strange email alluded to private things between you and your partner. It weirded you out, and it weirded you out more when your partner acted squirrely about it. You did some digging on their computer, and what you found was a website. You knew your partner had a submissive side to them. What you discovered, however, was that your entire relationship, they haven't been making any of the calls. When and what sexts to send you, what to wear, what to do on dates, how and what decisions to make on a personalized present they gave you, the night you did anal. There are scripts for what to say on dates. Crowdsourced decision making, and to help them make the right calls, your partner's dished all the details on how you eat, sleep, talk, fuck, what you wear. People have been speculating on who you are, some quite creepy, and it looks like the team of people running the site (there's a team!?) are trying and failing to stay on top of it. You hear the key in the door. You meet your partner, and you see them smile, as they always have. This time, however, you hear them speak the words to greet you, and you feel horror mixed with violation as you hear not her voice, but the tens of thousands of detached internet users speaking through them.
You’ve always been a bit paranoid, but that moment you found the camera in your closet, no bigger than a dime, you got scared. It had merely been a stroke of luck, a magnet you were using to clean up tacks had picked it up. Then over time you kept finding more of them in less open places, with more weird lenses on them. This went on for months, you have no clue what you did to piss off this apparently genius peeping tom, but every day there were more of those cameras. It became a course of habit to just carry the magnet and swipe it everywhere. Then you found your own cat, dead on the doorstep and a note. It said that if you kept doing that, the stalker would come get you himself. The next night you stayed with a friend and called the police, but when you came back to your house, it never felt safe. Tucking into bed for the night after a clean sweep, the sound of the door creaking open sets your eyes wide open in terror. They made good on their promise. Trigger.
You had a pretty sweet deal going. After all, being the mayor's kid comes with a lot of perks. Everyone wanted to be your friend and the teachers tended to ease up on you, not wanting to make a bad impression on your mother. Unfortunately, it turned out there was a downside to being the child of a public figure. You were walking home from school when a van pulled up beside you. You don't quite recall what happened after that, but the next thing you remember is waking up tied to a chair like something out of a movie. You yell and scream, but no one seems to hear you. Or whoever did this is really good at ignoring you. Either way, there's nothing you can do but sit there until someone comes. It's difficult to keep track of time in the room, at the very least enough time passed for you to get pretty hungry before someone showed up. He starts to untie you, but you don't wait for him to get beyond loosening your bonds before you lunge at him, knocking him back into a desk. The lamp that had been illuminating the room falls off, shattering on the ground and igniting some liquid on the floor. The room starts to go up, flames surrounding you and your captor. You both trigger.
"You take some small amount of pleasure from giving your younger brother a hard time. He has it coming -- he's had it coming ever since he was born, and your parents' attention turned away from you for good. Snatching the TV remote from his hands when he's watching his favorite show, stealing and hiding his video game cartridges, a countless number of small torments that seemingly add up over the decade he's been in your life.
 He's learned to keep stoic, endure in the face of your harassment, but you know him well, and you can see it get to him from behind the mask. One day, however, you dump his backpack out on the ground right before he's leaving for class, and he turns and grins, not even hiding it. You're left with the thought of that smile all throughout the school day, thrown off-balance by the sudden change in disposition.
 When you get home, it soon becomes obvious, as does the sinking feeling in your stomach. A police officer is speaking to your mother, and holding the baggie of weed you've been keeping in your room. You barely hear anything the two are saying, one stern and the other hysterical. Your brother is sitting on the couch with the volume on the TV turned down really low, making eye contact and grinning the exact same grin. Trigger."
Your significant other died suddenly, and you were left on your own. It was hard to discern the grief from you actually being unwell, but you ended up going to a doctor for tests, and getting it confirmed - you were pregnant. You did everything quietly, and began making plans to end the pregnancy - it was too hard when you were still reeling, when you had a mortgage to juggle on one income, you knew you probably had to sell the house, and your grief had already put you on uneven footing with your workplace. But as you left the clinic, you ran into your sister in law, who works the front desk, and she must have blabbed, because three days later, your signifcant other's family and your family and your friends throw a party for you, celebrating the pregnancy. People cry and tell you how glad they are that you'll be able to carry on your SO's legacy through the baby. Under immense pressure and surrounded by smiling faces, you escape to the bathroom and, leaning over the sink, having a panic attack, you trigger.
You’ve always taken a certain pride in your appearance, especially as concerns your face. Your bathroom cabinet is full of spot creams, exfoliating washes, shampoos and conditioners, everything to make you as beautiful as possible. Heck, it works, and you reckon you’re actually a pretty damn good catch, even if your race might make others disagree.One day, you come home, turn on the lights, but before you know it, something hard and heavy hits you on the back of your head, and everything goes dark. You wake up inside a white van, hearing the road rushing by beneath it. You notice two other figures in the van with tattoos all up their arms, declaring their hatred for people like you. One comes up to you, malice in his eyes. He explains that he noticed you in public, fussing with your hair, and reckoned you must care a lot about how you look. He followed you home and stalked you, seeing if this was true, and decided to use it against you. Your kind always should be and always would be hideous, and he wanted to make sure you knew. The other person in the van opened one of the doors, and they both grabbed you, pulling you to the door so that only your head and shoulders stuck out above the road. One of them put his weight on your back and legs, stopping you from moving entirely, and the other placed his hands on the back of your head, pressing it down towards the rushing tarmac, until it grinds against your cheek, still moving further down, scraping against bone as you feel your whole head vibrate, and you trigger from the pain and imagining how hideous you'll look.
You've been put in jail awaiting trial tomorrow morning. Nothing too serious, they wouldn't have even bothered locking you up if you hadn't insulted the arresting officer. Except whoever's in the cell next door was secretly cape and they enjoy hearing people scream. They might have gotten themselves locked up just so they could torture the prison population: they've done something that distorts sound and nobody can hear you shouting for help but them. Worse, they have some sort of demented Shaker effect: every ten minutes, a new rule is created or a new law of physics is violated. You cellmates are already dead but you've held out so far. You've survived three gravity changes, "light is solid", "the floor feels like lava", "everything is slippery", "soft things grow spikes", "heat moves down" and "wood produces electricity". You hear giggling and know the next change is due. You won't survive this hellish destruction of reality until dawn. Trigger.
It doesn't have to end this way. That's what they're shouting at you, from twenty storeys below. From here, they all look so small, like ants - Faces turned upwards as you perch on the very precipice of the final drop. Think of your family, they're telling you now. Don't do it. Don't jump. One more step - One tiny step, over the edge - and it's all over. It's all over forever. And then you feel hands on you. Pulling you back from the brink. You struggle, clawing - This is yours, they can't take it from you - and it all becomes a blur of motion and effort and- And then your good Samaritan, who only wanted to help, is plunging off the edge. He falls forever. In that moment, you realize - You're a murderer. Trigger.
When you crash your car, skidding on a sharp curving ramp into a roadside ditch, you get off scot-free. Not a scratch on you. Your friends tell you you've got the devil's luck. Well, your car, she ain't so lucky. It gets towed to a shop, and for the next few months you're constantly bumming rides off your college buddies, trying not to miss too much class. Well, inevitably, your grades suffer, but what really compounds the stress is calling up friends or family to help with the costs, and the repair shop. Three months after the fact, you finally get word that the car's been totaled. Faced with the reality that you need a car to get by, looking at the damage that's already done, and struggling with a slew of stressors you haven't had the time nor mental fortitude to tackle, you find yourself wishing you'd've died in the crash. Trigger.
It all started with being a witness to murder, but now you’ve done them a favor and let it go ‘unnoticed’. After all, this gang is notorious for their power and influence. In addition, they’re infamous for brutally torturing and killing anyone who rats on them. Once you let them go, they gave you perks and soon you became an associate of theirs. Eventually pressure causes you to slip into direct criminal activity, and you find yourself on small jobs, feeling more trapped the more you get roped in. Suddenly, one of the higher members of the organization, the one you saw committing the murder you witnessed, is being arrested for his long list of crimes. You know you didn’t say anything, but that doesn’t mean the group doesn’t suspect you. One day you hear a banging on your door. Though it’s muffled, you recognize a couple of the members of the group speaking on the other side. With nowhere to go, and the breakdown of the door imminent, the horror stories all compound inside as you mentally shut down. Trigger.
You've always had trouble focusing in class. Some kind of ADHD or whatever, your parents don't really believe in that kind of stuff and think you're just a 'little shit'. You act out a lot in class, annoying everyone including your teachers and yourself. After being sent to the Principal's office, you decide 'fuck that', and go for a walk instead. That's way better at clearing your head and helping you calm down than being lectured at, anyway. Lost in thought, you don't really notice where your feet are taking you and, by the time you focus on the world around you again, you can see you've ended up in the bad place of town. You know you're not supposed to be here, but you're not really sure how to get back and you're kind of freaking out and you swear to god you just saw /something/ move and you know for a fact that your heavy breathing is only drawing more attention, but goddamnit that realisation is /not helping/! Your heart is thumping in your chest and your brain feels like it's about to explode out of your goddamn skull and neither of those is helping you think straight and you /really/ need to be thinking straight right now. You try to run somewhere, /anywhere/ as long as it's /away/, but you don't know where you're going and you swear that something is catching up with you. Trigger.
Your other half is amazing, they never told you how they got their powers but all you knew was that being with them was never dull. The way they doted on you and insisted on the mask while working to “keep you safe” was really cute. Then they started to slow down, their face getting paler and their hair falling out in clumps, and eventually they can’t even walk anymore. According to them, they can feel their power twisting inside them, like a cancer. Seeing them slowly lose that spark breaks your heart, and barely a year after they lost their hair they are wheelchair bound. The final straw is when you see them on the floor after falling out of their chair, the once vibrant person you love now struggling to even pick up their arms. Trigger.
Your dad wasn’t around a lot, but when he was you loved spending time with him. He was so cool. Then your dad died, in action. He had been gone so often because he was a cape, and his death led your mom to become very protective. It grated, and grated, and you felt strangled by your mother’s concern. Your dad had been considered invincible for a long time, unshaken by even the impact of a train, but then it was revealed that for all the blunt force he could take, getting poisoned wasn't on the list of things he could take. Always cautious ever since, it was helicopter parenting for you, no friends over (need time to study), no video games (could hurt your eyesight), no nonorganic food (bad for you). Then you came home with a scratch from just messing around with some friends, and she flew off the handle. She has you wash it until that whole patch of skin is red and bruised from the abrasion, and starts arranging for you to be homeschooled. Shocked at the thought of losing your friends and being forced into her 'protection' 24/7, you trigger.
Freestyle BMX is your passion. You loved nothing more than performing awesome bike tricks on the local half-pipe and getting thunderous applause from your friends as they filmed you. Becoming the best among your friends, the best among your town, this dominates your life. In order to achieve your goal, you needed to practice, and practice often. After midnight one day, you’re practicing alone in the dark with a portable floodlight illuminating your practice area. You’re going faster and faster, deeply in the zone; surely you were going to be one of the greats! Filled with the confidence of joy and adrenaline, an idea for an advanced trick hits you and you immediately move to try it. It doesn’t work out well. Your bike lands wrong and you don't even have time to think as you immediately go flying off the side, scraping your face against the rigid edge of the half-pipe. Delirious, you feel the front of your head, unable to even understand what happened and the magnitude of damage to your face and skull other than that it's an extreme bloody mess. With only the previous adrenaline keeping you conscious, you become aware of the pounding black haze of blindness and searing pain. Dimly, you realize that you're going to die. Trigger.
You'd never had the chance to be well-liked in school. In fact, no matter what you did, it always backfired; other people wanted to be near you less the more you tried. Eventually you gave up and turned to the internet to get your social fix. It went well. People were interested in you there, they liked you, but it still felt hollow on some level. You delved further into your newfound world to fill the hole, but an emptiness kept nagging at you. You gave up on the world of constant rejection. Your grades suffered, you stopped looking for the chance to make friends, but it bothered you less as time passed. You avoided others before they could try to reject you, not giving them the chance. One night, you finished a session of gaming with some online friends and noticed a stack of papers set aside - an assignment you'd kept putting off. The deadline was too close to finish it, but failing it could fail you the class. That realization brings it all crashing down. All the time you've wasted chasing after a fix that never filled the hole, all the pristine opportunities at a good future you' throwing away like this - amidst the belief that you'll never be able to feel like you're somewhere you can belong, you trigger.
In retrospect, it's obvious. Spousal abuse. But at the time, it wasn't so much. It was low ebb, the occasional hit or wildly destructive lie or random act of financial devastation; a few times a year. Then you got the diagnosis - a genetic disease that will cause slowly declining health and, soon enough, death - and it went from an occasional rain to a constant downpour. Still, you thought it was your fault, that your life was falling to tatters around you. They turned your friends, your family against you, destroyed your finances, left you broken and with no support but them. You tried to kill yourself, believing them when they said it was your fault, that you were a failure. Now, you're staring down that diagnosis, and you're helpless. They're your only lifeline - because of what they've done, yes, but still, the only person you can turn to for support. You don't have any hope of escape, not in the short time you have left to you. They get home early one day, and you haven't finished vacuuming. You know that's all it will take, for them to hurt you just that little bit more, and that is enough to make you trigger.
It was a bulletproof business strategy, make money off the guys that actually are bulletproof. You pretend to be a Master; crooks and supervillains give you a cut and can claim they were being mindcontrolled by you if they were caught. It was great, the money was good and easy. Then the raid happened, you were captured by a hero who held a grudge against your business partners. You tell them your story but they just won’t listen. You furiously tell them it was a lie but the cape doesn't believe or doesn't care and raises his hand to kill you. You frantically try to reach for a power you don't have; trigger.
You were talked down from the ledge of a building, and the “heartwarming” video of the whole affair is still making its rounds on the internet. It ruined your life. Nobody ever talks to you the same anymore, as if you had become a fragile and delicate doll, someone to be pitied and protected. Your friends and family now treat you as an infant, exchanging worried glances whenever you say something even remotely off-kilter, and this was only enhanced by your repeated rebuffs; the more you angrily denied that you were suffering and that they were treating you like a child, the more it reinforced their belief that your mind was a chaos of depression and anxiety. You were seemingly no longer a human being because now everyone could only see you through a lens of pity and doubt about your self-control and will to live. One day, as you’re walking down the street, you notice a group of people pointing at you and whispering to each other. It hits you all at once: You were never going to shake that identity. It was easy to talk you down off the ledge, the part they missed was making you want to stay once you returned. Realizing you wanted to die and this urge may prove them correct about your fragility in some capacity, you trigger.
It's a long drive, but you and your buddies have made it before, and you decide to just drive through the night. There's enough of you that you can just sleep in shifts, no problem. Driving on the interstate, though, you hit a spot of construction, the highway down to two lanes, concrete bunkers on either side. A trucker on your right, hitting a wet patch, maybe falling asleep at the wheel, you don't know - he loses control, swerving, and the trailer of his 18-wheeler jackknifes into your sedan, smashing it against the bunker. You get a brief moment to scream as the chassis crumples, a brief moment to realize you're going to be pasted against the wall at three am in the middle of nowhere. Trigger.
Your dad used to be a dealer, and a violent one. As you grew up, you got glimpses of his life. Enforcers visiting, Him returning with wounds, Occasionally having to move to a second house for a few days... It all changed when you got a little sister. He changed. He became nicer; got away from crime. It didn't matter to the others. His former enemies still lurked around every corner, and when he finally dies of a heart attack, you know they know. You trigger when you see three men staking out the house, waiting for it to become night.
You always hated flying, but you loved traveling as nonsensical as that sounds. You went mostly by boat, and enjoyed every moment of it. Eventually a tiny Pacific Island sang the call of adventure to you. A small port was all that was there and an even smaller airstrip originally set up in WW2 and filled with rickety prop planes. You snapped a picture and moved on to your exploration, but soon you were brought back to the airfield in a stretcher. Victim to an infection your immune system was not ready for, they had to fly you to a larger island to reach a hospital. The stretcher doesn’t even fit entirely in the cabin, your legs dangling out and your slab strapped haphazardly to the tiny sightseeing plane. Each time you rouse, a scream leaves your lips and you faint, but the final straw is when the pilot makes a sharp turn in a bit of turbulence. Shaking, half-unconscious, and seeing only your feet facing to the water below, you assume you are plummeting to your death. Trigger.
You're out late one night, walking home alone. Seemingly from nowhere, somebody grabs you from behind, and you feel cool metal on your neck, your eyes going wide. "Don't scream," he warns you, his voice a whisper. "Don't make a noise. Just be nice and quiet, and nothing too bad has to happen." You don't listen to him, the worst possibilities running through your head. Instead, you flip the fuck out. You struggle against him, and in the process you accidentally cut your own throat on his knife. Trigger.
"You're in a new town, visiting your extended family, and you're stepping out for some errands, grabbing some last-minute ingredients from a nearby grocery store. Unfortunately, your shopping trip takes you to the less savory side of town, and as you're walking back to your car, you're accosted in the parking lot by a group of teenaged gangsters looking for some kicks.
 The kicks in this instance turn out to be very literal as they snatch the groceries from your hands, shoving you to the ground and laying into you, your only recourse being to curl up into a ball as they shout some half-heard imprecations about wearing the wrong colors on their turf. After they lift your phone, wallet, and keys from you, they begin pelting you with your groceries, eggs and all.
 Lying on the ground, you hear them peel off, presumably in your car. You lie there in stunned shock, not knowing what to do or how to approach the situation and deprived of the tools to handle it. Unable to call for help, unable to make your way back -- let alone find your way back, sans your phone's GPS, and not even able to contact your family to let them know what's happened, you trigger."
Your mom was a real hardass, whenever you showed any “weakness” she would burn you with her cigarettes or hit you with the paddle. Your dad would occasionally join in verbally, they both claimed it was to make you tough. Well it worked, you were the toughest kid at school, nobody messed with you. You often got into fights and would end up breaking kids arms, legs, you even managed to crack a kid’s collarbone once. When you did this and the counselor brought your parents in, they feigned disappointment in you, but at home the beatings would stop for a bit each time. Then the exchange kid came in, he was a refugee from some pseudo-country in Africa, but you never really bothered with geology. All you knew was that he needed to be taught who was the toughest kid around. You squared up to him and his fist had connected with your jaw before you could even get a word off. The nurse treated you, the injury wasn’t bad at all. Then you get home. Your parents are looking at you with a predatory gaze. Your mother pulls the cigarette from her mouth. As you prepare for the worst beating of your life, you trigger.
Your husband hits you, terrorizes you, abuses you. You call the police one day after he knocks you around, and he's arrested, a court date set. He enrolls himself in a counseling program for abusers, participating fully, not making excuses for his behavior. He's genuinely remorseful, trying to correct his bad behavior and become someone more like the man you fell in love with. When the court date comes, he's had three months of good behavior, your sympathy, and the judge is impressed by his improvement: the charges are dismissed. As you leave the courthouse to get into your car, him getting into his own a half-block away, he gives you a sinister smile and wave. "No more Mr. Nice Guy," he says, and a chill runs down your spine as you realize it was all an act, and that your life is about to get much, much worse. Trigger.
First they called you a troubled teen. They sent you to a camp for rehabilitation. Then, when you refused to play their game, they called you dangerous. Parent and coordinator probably made some deal behind the scene, because you didn't go home after the camp. They sent you straight to a hospital, and not a nice one. The world wants to forget you, to invalidate you. They call you insane, unhinged, dangerous, and you're not. You're perfectly sane. All your life, you've refused to bend when wronged, and you refuse to budge here. You fight them every step of the way, a road that leads to two men in scrubs seizing you, and a woman with a syringe aiming to tranquilize you. Roaring your sanity to the world, you pull away, and you flee, hiding. It's not about the syringe or the assault. You'll never really be able to get away from it. It's about the allegation, that drives them to use the syringe and to condescend to you. That you're mad. You trigger.
You were simply touring the sugar processing plant with a group before the disaster happened, someone not following the no smoking policy, and you all ended up in a small alcove beneath some stairs when the roof collapsed with a muffled boom. The sounds of fire engines outside make you shudder with terror as another survivor sneezes from the dust permeating the space. You know what happens when dust meets a flame, and while some scream for help and others try desperately to wriggle out through the cracks, you freeze with shock. Your legs are shaking and your every instinct is telling you to run, but over the din of the others you hear a shout outside. “Oh shit! Get the hose over here, now!” The fire must have spread, and that shout sounded close. Trigger as the panic reaches a fever pitch and the white dust in your alcove begins to stir up, the whole room getting dry, hot, and cloying with smoke.
It was supposed to be your night, and you haven't had many nights. Your parents paid for your older siblings to go to school and they didn't have funds left over to pay your way, so you worked your way through. They shared a car through their teens, moved out, and took the car with, while you took the bus. But a work colleague became a boyfriend and then after three years, became a fiance. The night of your wedding arrives (paid for by you and the fiance, of course), and lo and behold, your older sister shows up in a white dress. You're scandalized, but you bite your tongue, and you cross your fingers that people will see it as the blatant and gross faux pas that it is. In the midst of your evening, soured by the spectre of your sister in her white dress here and there, always in your peripheral vision, you overhear people commenting on her. You edge closer, eavesdropping, in hopes of hearing some gossip at her expense, but all they talk about is how beautiful she is. You saved for this night, your night for two damn years, for this. You trigger.
You're not part of the 'in' crowd in your high school's multitudinous array of cliques, but tonight's your chance. One of the groups you'd like to be a part of - an eclectic collection of kids that aren't conventionally popular, but seem to have their own thing going on - have invited you over to a party tonight. The party, such that it is, is an hour out of town at White Rock Park. Trespassing, as it so happens, a late evening a few hours after the park closes. Boom boxes, towels, coolers of beer, spray painted graffiti, and a chance to prove yourself. Cliff diving. Everyone takes their turn, diving fearlessly into the dark waters -- forty feet, sixty, eighty? Even with your phone's crummy flashlight, you have no idea how tall the jump is. But everyone's going, you've been egged on for ten minutes, maybe more, and any more hesitation is going to tank any chance of getting in good with this crowd. You take a deep breath, step up to the edge, preparing yourself to jump -- and you can't do it. You hang your head in shame. It's too dangerous, you don't even fucking know how to swim, and you've blown your shot at making a positive impression. Then one of the other partygoers does the dirty work for you, running up and shoving you bodily off the cliff. You can barely choke out a scream before you trigger, plummeting towards a surface you can't even see.
Paranoid schizophrenia. It was a hell of a thing to get you diagnosed, then even more of a pain to get you to start taking meds, but once you did, you calmed down. The world wasn't out to get you, your psychiatrist wasn't working with the NSA, the drugs weren't meant to soften you up for organ harvesting in illegal blacksites. You were just regular old crazy, and the meds calmed you down. You get your life together, a new person now that you're not insane, but then the walls start cracking. You jump more at things, get suspicious of others for little or no reason, occasionally hear something that's not there. By the time you realize what's happening - your body building a resistance to your meds - you're pretty deep in, and you're pretty sure your psychiatrist is intentionally sabotaging your medication for his masters in the deep state, so that you'll demand new pills and he can give you something different, now that he's lured you into a false sense of security. On some level, you know it's not true, but you still can't bring yourself to tell him, and you stop taking your pills altogether, worried about their effects. Staring at a crisp, unopened bottle of pills, your brain warring between declaring them obvious poison and actually taking them in a desperate hope to go back to normal, you trigger.
Your parents are wealthy and you're their darling little girl. If you wanted something you got it, no matter how outrageous. There are entire stables full of your ponies, servants hired and fired on your whim just by mentioning your feelings on them. Your papa and mama love you, so when you demand to see under the sea, they oblige. They book a room on a tourist submarine, a strangely advanced piece of technology. The cost is prohibitive for most but your father just laughs off any concerns, paying it with no hesitation as long as it's for you. It's so fun! There were even dolphins! But something goes wrong. You're safe in your room, playing with your dolls, when the deck depressurizes. The rooms are sealed separately as a redundancy measure, so even though it kills everyone in the deck instantly, you're left alive. By yourself. At the bottom of the ocean. Finding your parent's bodies almost destroys you, but you hold on to hope. A week goes by and you start to run out of food, your stomach making painful noises that it never has before. You don't understand why this is happening to you. It doesn't make any sense. You're a good girl. As the feelings of hunger and thirst become too much, you curl up with your parent's decaying corpses, wishing you'd wake up from this nightmare. Trigger.
Your old boss had always been the giving sort, hell, for a Christmas gift he even wrote in some of the land on his farm to you in his will. Of course, this had been at a party where only your co-workers had been, so you had him pencil in joint ownership for all of you. Of course it would never happen, he was healthy as a horse. Well it turned out that wasn’t the case, he’d been serious, but apparently beneficiaries of the will could not be witnesses to it. After a lengthy court battle with his widow, you were all left with nothing. She hired entirely new staff, expressing utter distaste for you. Lost, out of a job, out of money from court expenses, and now hated by your friends for losing them their jobs, you go home to your small apartment. Collapsing into your bed, you look at the ceiling and realize that those long months crusading for your promised property had done nothing but destroyed your life. The realization that it’s all your fault tips you over the edge and you trigger.
Your kid means the world to you, and that hag knows it. You had thought it was a happy marriage, until one night your wife just up and left with your child without even so much as a goodbye. Of course you pursued every avenue to find them, but until you saw the brochure for Seattle squirreled away in her nightstand it was all over. Goaded on by hope, you got there only to find another brochure at the place they had stayed, this one folded into a small square under a pillow. Your kid has to be leaving you hints on where your wife is going! It continues like this for years, every bit of your hard-earned money going into bringing them home, each stop getting closer to finding them, but this time you know exactly where they’re going. The email that came to your phone with an address and a small greeting from your little angel, it left you certain you could get them back! Your beat-up car pulls in just as shouting and yelling echoes from inside. Wasting no time, you kick down the door to find your child and wife fighting. Just as she locks eyes with you in shock, the space around them bends and the pair is gone. You were so close, but still they slipped away. Indignant at the world, life, even the small paper left behind that was the next breadcrumb on the trail, you trigger.
You're allergic to nightshades. They make you weak, sick, feel like death warmed over - you can't eat them, can barely even stand the smell. Not tomatoes, potatoes, paprika, anything. Unfortunately, you've got a new boss, and he's not respectful of your issue. And he's a smoker - tobacco's a nightshade too, you've told him as much. He calls you into his office, and it smells of cigarettes, making you try very hard not to cough as he slowly - agonizingly slowly - tells you something you already know and he's given to you in written form. It's when he removes a cigarette from a pack, taking a long drag and then blowing it in your face, that you break down in a coughing fit, feeling like you're dying, that you trigger.
You got caught up in the movement when you were a teenager, and found yourself going to all the rallies and protests whenever you could spare the time. The social issue itself struck a certain cord with you, but the people you met during your years with the group? Priceless experiences. There's something different about the latest rally though, and the air is hostile on both sides of the picket line. Before anyone had knew it, a riot had broken out, and a bad one. The police were rolling in full force, shooting smoke grenades and beating through the protesters with riot gear. When you're faced down with a wall of armored police, you realize your movement isn't really on the winning side. Trigger.
"You like your best friend a lot. That's normal, isn't it? Trouble is, you're worried that you might *like-like* your best friend. You catch yourself staring from time to time and look away, guilty. You've been raised to know this is wrong, right? You've gone to church every Sunday, you know that this sort of thing is sinful, unnatural.
 The worst part is that -they- know it too. You can't possibly say anything. But they're the one who tells you about their feelings first. You thought you'd be delighted, ecstatic at the revelation that they like you back, but all that's there is disgust and shame, and the sensation is doubled on a tentative first kiss, even as sinful thoughts creep through your mind. You run out of the room, fleeing to the safety of your home and bedroom, and you pull out your Bible and you pray, and pray, and pray, but even so, you can't scrub the recollection or feelings from your mind, despite your pleas. Why can't you get rid of these thoughts? Why would God even make you like this? In the midst of a crisis of faith, marinating in guilt and self-loathing, you trigger."
You got hit by a car. You were messing around at the safe end of the driveway with your skateboard or a jump rope or something when your uncle put a foot on the accelerator instead of the brake. That wasn't the trigger. Between the shock, the very nice drugs that helped with the pain, and constant assurances, you laughed, smiled and joked through most of it. Nobody walked away from a conversation with you without a smile on their face. Except your older siblings. They were jealous of the attention, as if you'd somehow wronged them. Five years older than you, almost ready to leave the house, and they start taking some of your favorite things. A game suddenly had scratches on the disc. An autographed poster gets a rip right through the autograph. Your favorite clothes get ruined in the wash. You alternately kick up a fuss and stay silent, and it doesn't stop, nobody believes you. The smile disappears off your face as the subtle sabotage keeps happening and it always hurts so very much, the hate of it. It only got worse when your uncle came with a puppy, a present, agreed on with your mom, by way of apology. You tried so, so hard to protect it. Never let it out of your sight. You slept with it in your arms and woke up to it being smothered. In your fury, struggling to hit and hurt your older siblings with arms that still hurt from the accident, you trigger.
You're a dumbass. You always end up in the remedial classes and struggle with basics. You work and work, but at the end of the day, you're still always barely scraping by with Ds and Cs. All that work, and all you get is pity. Eventually, you snap and lash out at others, spiralling into a violent depression. That was how you ended up in therapy. You'd avoided therapy, because the last thing you wanted was more pity. However after a few sessions of exercices, she comes back with a whole laundry list of learning disorders and ways of mitigating them. You just stare in shock: your problems weren't because you were stupid but because you had real problems nobody had noticed. The therapist is happy for you but you are crushed. You'd come to view yourself as "stupid" and it was something you'd learnt to live with. This is different. Then it dawns on you that all those years of work were a waste of time that you wouldn't have had to do if you hadn't been so /stupid/ and refused help or therapy. Worse, all the effort you put in probably just hid the very real problems you had from your teachers. Trigger from frustration, self-loathing and confusion at the conflicting emotions you feel.
You knew it was stupid to start hanging out with the school thug's girlfriend, but you couldn't help it. She was pretty and nice and made you feel like you were worth something. At first it was just a friendship, as it turned out you shared some interests, but then she started confiding in you that she'd been wanting to break up with her boyfriend, but was afraid of how he'd react. You, of course, encouraged her to do so anyway and promised you'd accompany her just in case. This seemed like a brave, romantic thing to do at the time, but seeing the larger boy's face contort into rage you began to question the wisdom of your decision. When he shoved you up against the locker and pulled out a knife, shouting that he was going to make you regret ever laying eyes on his girl. You trigger from the bully's aggression while the girl triggers from fear of her ex's reprisal.
"You and your old best friend haven't spoken in a long while, not since his date for junior prom ditched him for you. You've made half-hearted, guilty attempts at reconciliation, but he avoids you as much as possible, blowing you off on the rare chances between classes you have to speak to him face to face. You've regretfully written off the friendship as a loss (and that date didn't amount to much, either) but you're greeted one day with a note in your locker.
 ""6:00 tonight. Our old hangout. We're going to settle this.""
 Well, whatever, it's high school drama shit. You two will get into a fistfight, laugh it off, and finally get to being best bros again. That's the thought, at least. When you get to your old hangout, a neighborhood playground equidistant from your childhood homes, the faint sense of nostalgia is broken by his arrival. There's no attempt at a conversation, no greeting except for a fist swinging towards your jaw. Even though you're caught off guard, you're bigger, stronger, and you gain the upper hand eventually, pinning him to the ground.
 ""We cool?"" you ask, but it seems he's got tears in his eyes.
 ""Fuck no,"" he replies. You hear the click of a gun's safety being turned off, and cold metal being pressed into your side. Trigger."
You knew that your mother had an outsize influence on politicians and probably did some shady stuff. You'd guessed that the university entrance requirements were changed to ensure you would get in. You'd never really paid much attention to it however, until it was suddenly front page stuff. It had been part of a major scoop on corruption and your mother was right in the middle of it, her relations to anyone and everyone analysed in detail in the tabloids. You were only collateral damage really, but it was hurtful. For all the world to see, it was written in every newspaper exactly why you shouldn't have been let in, how you weren't deserving, how you were "lazy", "spoilt" and "not the brightest bulb in the box". The price tag and provenance of your birthday presents was derided and your attempt to get a pony mocked. Your friends in university now shun you, disgusted that you bought what they worked for. Mocked by the nation, knocked from your pedestal and suddenly friendless, you trigger.
You found out when you were a child that you wouldn't live to old age. You had a rare disease, fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva, that didn't have good life expectancy. Every time you got injured your body would repair the damage with bone tissue until you stopped being able to move, or talk, or even eat. You thought you'd made your peace with it, accepted that it was simply your lot in life. But then you were in a car crash. You survived, but what could have been decades more of freedom dwindled to nothing as you lay in a hospital bed, unable to move and trapped in your own body. You lay there as your parents asked the doctors to do what they could to keep you alive. You still lay there weeks later, wishing you'd died in the crash so you could have escaped the hell that is now your life. Trigger.
"You're the unfortunate subject of bullying in your high school, and when it comes to being bullied by the guys rather than the girls, the torments tend to skew heavily towards the physical. Every trip to the locker room to change for P.E. is dreaded, every time they catch you alone despite your best efforts is met with what the teachers charitably describe as 'roughhousing'. Bruises and scrapes on a daily basis, getting tripped or shoved into the pavement, armbars, chokeholds, and getting kicked when you're down. It's miserable, harassment that's been piling up, torment after torment, and one day, you can't take it any more.
 This time, when they corner you after school, five to one, you go in swinging, weak arms swinging a backpack laden with textbooks in a desperate attempt to fight them back, fend them off. But you've raised the stakes, and they escalate to match, laying into you. One shove sends you staggering wildly off balance, tripping over your discarded backpack, and cracking your head against the brickwork. Things go dark rather quickly after that. You find yourself hospitalized for a concussion after the fact, find yourself enjoying the peace and quiet and absence of your tormentors. 
 A week or so passes, and you're hearing words about a quiet settlement for the medical bills incurred by the 'accident'. It hits you then -- when you get back, those assholes will be waiting, and you changed the nature of the game. It's going to be twice as bad as before, simply because you were stupid enough to fight back. Trigger."
When you were ten, your best friend took you to a shop, talking you into buying a colourful pack of cards. From that moment on, you were hooked. You bought more cards, you played, you traded, you sold some, bought some. Your collection was your pride and joy, and you took care of it like it was your baby, as you constantly expanded and refined it. You grew older, you sometimes put it away for a few months, once for an entire year, but you always returned to the world of gathering, trading and playing those cards, especially when things got bad in the rest of your life. After a particularly bad day at school/college you walk back home, only when you get there, there's a firetruck at your house. Your heart starts to beat like crazy as you run into the scorched ruins of your home, your vision becoming a tunnel leading towards one singular objective; only to see the remains of your beloved collection, nothing but soggy, wet ash on the ground. Trigger.
You can't keep going like this. You're doing it again though, doing yet another all-nighter to meet the deadline. When was the last time you slept? Properly, not counting snoozing on the bus or half-hour naps at a desk. Two weeks ago? More? You don't have time to think about it, you have to keep going or you won't meet the deadline. You look back at your laptop. You're aware that each time you sacrifice sleep, you diminish your ability to think straight meaning that the next task will take even longer for your sluggish brain to complete, forcing you to get even less sleep the following few days. When did you start the vicious cycle? Two weeks ago? More? It doesn't matter, you need to keep going: the next deadline is in just a few hours. You just need to keep going until the end of this week then it should be all over. Just a bit more. Except the voices are whispering to you that it doesn't matter: even if you manage to stay awake, your stuttering brain won't be able to produce anything worthwhile. You'll be a failure, you'll have to face their dissapointment. What will your family say? Easier to simply kill yourself now, the hallucinations tell you. Paralyzed with indecision in the face of either option, completely out of your skull from sleep deprivation and malnourishment, you trigger.
One fateful day, you meet the love of your life, it's like she was made for you. Things moved so quickly between the two of you, you both connected so well. Before you knew it, she was already thinking of having a child and getting married and you, as in love with her as you were saw nothing wrong with it. You and her got busy, making the wedding arrangements and making the baby. You got married, and she got pregnant. Soon however you found out it was all an act as her personality did an about face The woman you loved was a well-crafted mask for the person underneath. It turns out that she wanted your money, and holding your unborn child hostage was how she chose to do it. The marriage immediately sours, turning to ash, but you can't bring yourself to break free of it, with the life you've created in the hands of a psychopath. Mentally imprisoned, manipulated, and abused, you trigger as you wait in the hospital with your horrible wife, waiting for the child you fought so hard to keep alive be born, and a sinking feeling strikes you - what comes next?
You were never good at the hard choices. If none of your options looked good, you’d pick the option of doing nothing, even if it was worse than the other choices presented. Right now, you have a difficult choice: the crazy man wants you to choose between an eye or a hand. If you don’t choose one, he’s gonna take both of them. He thinks he needs them. To build something. Seconds tick by and you know you can't choose. Just as he reaches for his tools, you make a snap decision and blurt out "Eye- uh, I mean hand!" The madman pauses for a second confused so you try to clarify but you only manage to stutter incoherently "I uh, I mean uh...". Without warning, they whip out a tinker tool that looks like a mashup between a dentist's drill and a swiss army knife and pulls out your eye. It is completely painless and you have to feel your face to check it's really gone and the eyeball in the jar is really yours. "I said my hand!" you scream. The cape looks at you before morphing the tool into a scalpel and reaching to grab your arm. Trigger.
You never really liked to hunt, but your father always dragged you along with him anyway. It was more than just his hobby, after all. He lived and breathed that kind of thing, especially the danger of it. The fact that you'd rather be at home with a good book seemed to grate on him whenever you mentioned it, so you stopped mentioning it. This time, he'd said, it'd be different. The two of you were going to a tropical jungle to explore, one he'd been to previously. Normally you'd need a guide for something like that, but your father is probably better at this than any guide he could hire. He loaded you up with a hunting rifle, two hunting knives, and other supplies that you don't really think you'll need. That's one thing he had never broken on before; when he mad you come, he'd make sure you're prepared for the worst. That's probably what saved your life when he had a heart attack in the middle of the jungle, leaving you stranded and alone. You try to carry him on your back out of here, but you get lost. Days later, you're barely conscious with your father strapped to your back, his well muscled body slowing you down. You feel delirious, and find spider bites on your ankles when you check. Not good. It takes you days to get to a path that you think you recognize and when you set up camp for the night after starting to feel like you're finally making some progress, you find out that your father is dead. His body couldn't hang onto whatever thread of life it had left for any longer. As you sit there, staring at your father's corpse, lost in the middle of one of the most dangerous places on the planet and feeling the venom errode at your mind you trigger.
You and your friends were at a party in one of the shadier areas of your town. The party was extremely lively despite (or perhaps because of) the fact that there were several gang members hosting the whole shebang. Everyone was having a good time, including yourself; many drinks were had, many drugs were done, and someone was even singing karaoke. Without warning the sound of gunshots rang out through the building and things devolved into chaos. It took you a moment to gather what was going on as you dropped to the floor along with several corpses. A drive-by shooting sending tons of bullets through the cheap walls of the house you were in. You curled up where you had dropped, gunshots, screaming and death surrounding you as you simply had no choice but to curl up into a ball and hope the bullets missed you as couldn’t move without risking putting yourself in more direct danger. You don’t know if you’ve been shot, if your friends are okay, or even if your life will last the next few seconds. Screaming on the floor, you trigger in a hail of bullets.
You remember that will every day when you change her bedpan. Your horrid aunt could have hired a social worker, but for some reason she took a perverse joy in making you do this for the promised inheritance. It was certainly not a pittance, her house is bigger than most schools, but each day is a new torture for you. Intestinal cancer, you’re pretty damn happy she has it too, the old bitch. Every hour is a count to the promised ‘one year’ that her doctor had expected. Then the day passes, she goes to her doctor a week later. The tumor had receded, “a medical miracle” he calls it. That entire year of your life was for naught, wasted, the doctor says she has at least ten. As she smiles in glee and hugs the doctor, you snap. An entire year in the prime of your life spent washing bedpans, every bit of it worthless. Trigger.
All your life you've been 'looking' for motivation, the motivation to do just about anything, but you're lazy, you just don't have what it takes to get past any uphill battles with yourself. If there was a pill that could light a fire in you, give you inspiration, anything, you'd take it in a heartbeat. So when you hear about a cape offering self help through the grapevine. You give them a little bit of money and they tell you to think about a goal, and their power will help you right along getting to it and it'll be that much easier. It was. First goal, lose weight. You hit the gym, and start dieting; a week goes by and your motivation isn't wavering. If anything it's getting stronger and stronger. It starts off as putting in that extra twenty minutes into your workout, then thirty, then forty, and so on until you're sinking /all/ your time in the gym. It's a compulsion now. You've lost weight, but it just doesn't seem enough. So you keep going, getting weaker and weaker, lighter and lighter, until you collapse in a heap, right before your hourly weigh ins, on your bathroom floor. The sudden pain of the fall and total body failure jars you and as you look in the mirror, filling once more with determination, you trigger.
You had been reading a book on the subway, and she had noticed the cover, commented on how much she loved it. You spent so much time talking about it with her that you missed your stop, and she gave you her number, her smile making you feel like the luckiest person in the world. The next few weeks felt like the kind of love that was supposed to be reserved for fairy tales, a waking dream that you had to constantly remind yourself was real, staying nights over, then weeks, going on dates, barely even cognizant of the moments when she was away, in a delirious fog when she was absent — and then you woke up, sitting in a hospital bed. You're barely aware, reeling in shock, as a doctor explains the situation: a cape releasing a powerful hallucinatory gas in the subway. As he continues his clinical explanation, you're still not entirely mentally there, but your mind fixates on something in particular and you fall into despair. The love of your life was a figment of your imagination. Of course it was too good to be true. Trigger.
Your 15 year old brother straddles the railing of the balcony, 16 floors up, holding all of your photography equipment. He used too much data on the phone service you shared with him, you cut him off, and now he's threateing to jump and take thousands of dollars of your equipment with him, if you don't cave to his demands. The equipment doesn't matter - his life does. You say you're going to call the cops, he threatens to jump if you try. Left with no other option, terrified, you concede and agree to turn his cell phone back on. Your parents get home, and you tearfully explain the situation. They give your brother a short lecture, then make the online payment for the cell phone for him. Nothing else. He smirks at you. The trigger happens the next day, when you don't let him have the TV remote. A threat of suicide, a precarious perch on the side of the balcony, to the point where you worry he really will fall. Knowing you have no out (too poor to even leave home), terrorized, knowing this will happen again and again as he uses the nuclear option to win every time he wants, you trigger.
You've never wanted children in your entire life. Between career goals, lifestyle, and plans for the future... having a kid would just cramp your style. Your partner is okay with this. They don't want children either. Enter the mother in law. She's baby crazy, and ever since you first started dating your SO, she's been hinting about giving her grandchildren. After your wedding, it only gets worse. The questions and prodding happen almost constantly. In a fit of frustration, you tell her that you are/your partner is infertile. You think that'll get her off of your back, but before you know it she's made an appointment at a fertility clinic and is offering to pay. Trigger as you realize that you're going to be forced into having a kid you never wanted.
You'd heard about concerns centered around the local water tower's stability, but it was never much of a concern for you. You had more important things to worry about in your day to day life, so it was only in the periphery of your thoughts as you went about your day to day business. Of course, when a horrendous sound of breaking metal began near you, you're painfully reminded of the earlier news report. The water tower is falling, and it's falling roughly towards you. Trigger, in the moment that you realize that regardless of which direction you bolt, you'll never avoid the falling several-odd tons of water and and twisted metal.
You had joined a local kendo club, drawn in by what you thought would be awesome sword fighting. Unfortunately, the reality was much different than expected: bamboo rods, stuffy armor, and days of rigid practicing and repetition quickly bores you. It all comes to a head as you and some friends decide to get the action they expected with their own methods. One night, you all break in, picking your way into the dojo manager’s office. He has some authentic swords there - real, sharpened steel blades. Your friends start up some sparring matches, and you’re having the time of your life, your prior practice ironically helping as you dodge swings and stop just short of cutting a friend’s head off. However, the noise of the someone else entering the dojo stops short the adrenaline rush, and sudden terror takes over as you turn to see the manager at the entrance. You drop your guard, but your sparring partner doesn’t notice, the sword they expected you to block now stabbing cleanly into your chest. Between the fear of being caught and the stab of pain as a blood-slick blade enters your ribcage, you trigger, just as they trigger in turn as the weight of what they've done dawns on them.
A late night smash and grab, should've been nothing much, but some cape catches you. Once they've got you on the ground, they bind your hands together with rope, then hang you up from a lamp post. They sound like they're in a bad mood as they tell you "I'll call the police, if I remember." Hours later, after plenty of fruitless flailing, your hands are black, and you can't feel your fingers. Trigger in a mix of agony and fear.
When you were a child, you stuck a hair clip into an electrical socket, it was such a weird feeling, sort of hurt but as time went on, you forgot most things about it. As you got older you had an idea, you wanted to remember what it felt like. You knew it was a stupid idea, but still you wanted to try. Heart beating rapidly, you stick another hair clip into the socket. Despite the pain and the small burns, it turned out you liked it, the electricity running through you, the rush of it, almost addicting. It stayed your little secret, but one day you started having chest pains. You find out that you have heart problems, and while you don't think it, electrocuting yourself often probably didn't help. You have a pacemaker installed and after the surgery, and even though the pamphlet suggests this is a bad idea, you figure just one last time wouldn't kill you. So you electrocute yourself this one last time, and you get that thrill you've come to enjoy, followed immediately by intense pain. On the floor now, clutching your chest, heart feeling like it might explode, you trigger.
Your spouse used to be a bright, intelligent person - someone you admired and respected. Then... then they were kidnapped. You don't know quite what happened to them, but two years after their disappearance, the police found them in a storage container along with dozens of other people, apparently having been taken and used as slaves. They were never the same. Not even close. A shell, not talking or writing, needing you to take care of them. Every night, they wake you up two or three times with screams and fits from nightmares. You try to take care of them, like you would hope they'd take care of you if your situations were reversed, but it wears on you, constantly. You can't abandon them, but at the same time, you don't know how much longer you can take this. Trigger.
It was going to be the next Great American Novel. Two years living with your parents, and then once it was written, you could get a day job while you tried to get it published. That turned into three years, your great story much harder to tell than you’d first imagined. Eventually, you had to get a day job, move out, move on with your life, and write during your free time. But you did. Every word had to be perfect, and it would be worth all the sacrifices when it was finished. Three years turned into six, six became ten, but you never lost sight of your goal. You’ve crafted a novel that you are proud of, whether any one else likes it, or not. You send a copy to all the people who helped you over the years: your parents who had to house you, the friends who you leeched off and to an old literature teacher so that you could get feedback and make the final tweaks before sending it to a publishing house. Barely a few weeks later, you’re standing in line at the supermarket, looking over the novels in a rack, and you see your story. Well, your title, and the cover image fits, but the author is a pen name you have never heard of. You pick up the book. It’s your words. There’s that chapter you’re still only halfway through. This is your novel. One of the people you most trusted, one of the people you had relied on seems to have decided they deserve more than just thanks and stolen your life's work from you. Trigger.
Who says you need power to be a hero? For as long as you can remember, saving people out on the street has been your dream; the Triumvirate your inspiration. Your parents are normal, your grades are average, and you're not remarkable in any way... but for some reason you just can't let it go. You fashion a suit together out of some stuff from a local costume shop. You hit the streets. The random thugs you run into seem to think you're the real deal, and it's exhilarating. They catch on when you can barely take out one of them, and you can't stop them from pounding on you. They laugh as they beat you senseless, staining and destroying your new costume. Unmasking you. They go through your belongings, find out your real name. You're horrified, but you can't even stand. You black out. When you wake up you're in a hospital room. The first thing you notice is the hero standing across from you, over your bed. Your heart soars. They must have saved you. But something seems off. They look... awkward. They sit down and quietly explain to you how stupid what you were doing was. How reckless. How your actions have consequences. Your parents are dead. Your house was broken into and wrecked. They stick around for a while in awkward silence, then they leave you alone with your thoughts. This is all your fault. Your parents are dead because of you. You're not worthy of calling yourself a hero. Something inside of you snaps. Trigger.
They were a hero; they saved you, talked to you, took care of you in your time of need... it was almost love at first sight, for you. They wanted you to help them clean up the city, so you set up a meeting with some local criminals. The plan was for them to use their teleportation power to pop in, take down the baddies, and call the cops afterwards. It didn't go right - too many thugs, and you wound up revealing your true allegiance in the fight. Your hero teleported away, up to a high perch, out of reach of the thugs. The thugs surround you, wailing on you, venting their anger on you. You stare up at your hero where they sit, still and silent, watching you as you're being beaten to death, no expression on their face. You trigger from the betrayal, and the raw physical trauma.
You're a smart kid. You got into a rigorous program at a prestiguous boarding school far from your awful older siblings and parents who push too hard. What you don't have is a work ethic or study habits. Typical of a smart kid, you get good enough grades on tests without studying. You let more and more homework go by undone, but the teachers usually let you make it up, so there's no real consequences, and at the end of the semester, your grades are always good enough to keep you out of trouble. This year, though, in one class you skip writing not one, but three big essays. At the end of the semester, you talk to the teacher, asking how you can make up your grade. He gives you winter break to make them up, with only minor penalties. Except, of course, you still don't write the fucking essays. When you get back to school in January, the counselor wants to talk to you. You failed the class, obviously. You ask about fixing it, and she says that's possible, but when she learns that you already had a chance to fix your mistakes, she changes her mind. Trigger as you realize that this time, you have no way out. You have to accept actual consequences for your actions, and those consequences include having to leave the school and return to your toxic family life, which will now be studded with snide comments about how you failed when you tried to leave.
You are on the playground during recess. You and your friends are throwing rocks to see who’s the strongest. None of you thought too hard about it. Unfortunately, the responsible adult staff doesn’t approve. One of the teachers, an overly strict one who is almost universally hated, runs up to scold you, and you accidentally bean them in the head. The rock doesn’t hit too hard, but she starts bleeding, and doesn’t stop. She falls to the ground, sliently. You've heard there are parts of the head where even a small amount of force can be lethal. Did you kill them? The other children start cheering and laughing, seeing the teacher none of them like finally getting some comeuppance. You realize what you’ve done, and that no one else is in the least concerned, and you feel a small bit of relief, before noticing another teacher looking at you in horror. The other teacher pulls out a cell phone and starts talking. She's calling the cops on you. You've killed someone, and you're going to go to jail for the rest of your life. Trigger.
You like playing in the dirt. It’s fun, almost like making sandcastles, and you don’t even have to go to the beach to do it. Your parents don’t really mind either, so long as you’re home before sundown and get clean before bed. Recently, you found a nice, large hill of pliable gravel only a few blocks away, and you came up with the most brilliant idea for it: a secret base. Slowly and carefully, you made your way to the hill day after day, digging by hand (and sometimes by toy trovel) a nice, deep tunnel into it. It became yours over the course of several days. A perfect little hidey hole, just large enough for you to climb in and avoid the sun, the rest of the hill overhead. Unfortunately, there was a heavy downpour one day, preventing you from finishing the cave. When you return to it the day after, you're relieved to find that the base is still intact, albeit a little wet. Climbing once more into it, you fail to realize something: the gravel soaked in the rain. The roof of the cave is heavier with water now, unstable, and with only a small nudge to the walls once inside, it collapses. You trigger as your home-away-from-home is destroyed, with you in it, and the gravel crushes your body and suffocates you.
You're a doctor. Nothing fancy, just a local hospital, but among other things, you give shots and vaccinations to infants. Nothing complicated about it. Nurse brings the dosages in from the pharmacy, checks them against inventory, and you administer the shot. Routine. But it goes wrong somewhere, terribly, terribly wrong. There's a bad batch, and kids are getting sick, far too sick. Paralysis, deformity. Death. And it all comes back to you. It's all just a shock, a blur, at first. Hush-hush leave by the hospital gets revealed anyway. Journalists ambushing you. Malpractice suits. It wasn't like you had any control over it. You stare at the gun on your desk. But the responsibility is still yours. Your attorney had recently assured you the outcome for the suits was good. A headline - "Crippled for Life". Your malpractice insurance was paying out. Dead kids. You put the gun in your mouth. Trigger.
You're a gangster in a tight-knit high school set of delinquents, spending the days of your youth involved in petty crime, turf squabbles, and dealing for profit. It's pretty great, and they feel like your real friends -- you ride with them, you'd die for them. Things take a sour turn, though, after a break-in gone poorly, a younger kid getting pretty badly hurt. The authorities are involved, and things are taken to court. The proceedings are a blur, and you feel confident that they can't pin anything extremely serious on you or your crew if you all stand together and keep your mouths shut. It comes as a shock to you when you're sentenced, one of your so-called friends testifying against you and walking away practically unscathed. You get stuck with juvenile aggravated robbery and assault, sentenced to actual prison for years. When you come out, having served your time, stoking a smoldering grudge every day you were in prison, you attempt to track down the guy who testified against you like a man on a mission, and find that he died not too long ago. A freak accident, it seems. Deprived of your vengeance, the grudge keeping you going for years suddenly gone in a flash, you find yourself broken, hollow, and at a loss of where to direct the pent-up rage you've been harboring for all these years. Trigger.
You like to think of yourself as a Machiavellian mastermind, coldly manipulating everyone in your friend group to your own ends. You drag others down to raise yourself up, cut throats for the slightest advantage, and generally work your ass off to take everything you can in the zero sum game of life. Then it happens. This one bitch who thinks she's so sweet and nice takes a position you wanted. You don't let it lie, of course, immediately beginning a campaign, dragging her down with constant petty barbs, escalating into false accusations of cheating on her boyfriend when that doesn't work. It has exactly the opposite effect from what you wanted, though - everyone turns on you, recognizing your behavior for the selfish, manipulative garbage it really is. Exiled from your friend group, your self-conception and understanding of the world shattered, you trigger.
"You hate your crappy job. You work overnights in a horrible convenience store, selling salty, sugary, and fatty snacks alongside smokes, scratch tickets and booze, often to people for whom those might qualify as their healthier habits. You’ve found it very hard to eat healthfully, under the circumstances, and your doctor is all but telling you that the shift work is killing you. You’ve sent out at least two applications a week for the past six months.
 You’ve already been held up — Twice. Guns pointed at you by twitchy addicts, desperate people, despite the signs all over the store, indicating that you have no money to give them. It wouldn’t be fair to say you’re unconcerned, but you know your next stick-up is a matter of when, not if, and you’ve made peace with that. You make an effort not to profile your customers, guess which one is going to have a gun, but it’s hard not to think about it.
 This one, though: She’s tiny and her clothes are tight. Not outright skanky, but it’d be hard to hide a gun, unless it were under the brim of the baseball cap she’s wearing low. She doesn’t sound like an addict, and she’s here for the snacks. She doesn’t look like a threat, until she hands over the cash for the junk food, and you get a glimpse at the upper half of her face. She wears a small domino mask to conceal her features.
 The cape meets your eyes, and points at the rack of scratch tickets behind you. A flash of light emerges from her hand, and you get to find out what it sounds like when paper and plexiglass explode. Your arm stings, something must have hit you. The cape demands money, and you give her every cent you can. She wants more, you don’t have it. She points at you, there’s another flash of light, and you get to find out what it sounds like when your shoulder explodes. Trigger."
"You triggered a long time ago. Your brothers were four and five years older than you, and they gave you the hardest time. When you ate an apple, core and all, on a dare from your friends, you bragged about it to your brothers. They freaked out. The apple seeds had cyanide! You knew how they did things, and you didn't belive them, until they looked it up and found stuff to prove it. They explained that the seeds would take a long time to digest, and they would slowly poison you. You'd have to get a tube shoved up your butt and get your insides vacuumed out. It would cost so much money! Didn't you remember how Uncle got sick and he and auntie had to sell their house? Your parents would be soo mad!
 
 Then they walked off, mostly forgetting about it, except to ask you how you felt, and give you sympathetic looks. But the reality was that you stewed in silent terror for days. When your insides knotted up, you were convinced it was a symptom you were dying. When you threw up from the stress, another sign. When you threw up and there was blood in the vomit, suddenly it was't a joke anymore. You show your brothers, and they freak, going to your parents. You triggered on realizing your time is up. (Except it was only a stomach ulcer from the stress)"
You're out hiking, when your foot gets caught in a bear trap. It's incredibly painful, but you know there's a release catch, for just this kind of eventuality... there should be, anyway. As tears fill your eyes from the pain, your fingers don't find anything. After several long minutes of searching, you come to the conclusion that it's just not there. You trigger at the sensation of the bear trap on your leg, which - now that you know you can't get out - suddenly feels tighter and more painful.
You're one of the members of a startup that's prototyping a small-scale stationary steam plant that can provide electrical power to remote homes or villages in third-world countries simply by burning wood chips, bamboo, animal dung, et cetera, even able to use concentrated solar power as a thermal source. You're doing good work and bringing enthusiastic people on board, but when you check up on the progress of the prototype, putting it through its paces, the device fails fundamentally, a mechanical error leading to the rotors jamming. The sad truth of it is that startups have a great deal less oversight than laboratory R&D, and you didn't think to install a safety partition for testing. Pressure builds up in the chamber with no means to immediately shut off the combustion - the steam engine fails catastrophically, and though the components whizz past harmlessly, you're unable to avoid the violent expulsion of steam that follows, scalding your flesh to the bone.
It's dead week - colloquially, the week before finals - and the term has never felt more accurate. You've put off this design project for long enough. Your part-time job and other projects get in the way, and besides, you work better under pressure anyways, right? It's three days in and you've probably consumed enough coffee to kill a medium-sized dog. There's a sense of urgency to it all - your grade, and consequently, your scholarship, are on the line, and the caffeine only seems to serve to magnify that anxiety, kicking your heart rate up way past the hundreds as your breath grows more and more shallow, panic only making it that much more difficult to focus on completing the project. Sweating, dehydrated, having lost track of the last time you ate, you catch fitful rest where you can and devote yourself to the project any other time, but as the night of the deadline approaches, you realize that the project's barely half-finished and you've sabotaged yourself in more ways than one - this failure's all on you. Trigger.
When you were younger, neither you nor your wife were particularly good looking. It turns out she was the ugly duckling, and became a beautiful swan. You, not so much: you're still a gawky pale geek. She's in love with you, she's stayed by you, but you can't help worry that sooner or later she'll realize she's out of your league. You go out to a bar with her, hoping to have a good time, and she gets a little too drunk. You try to help her out to your car, and everybody decides that just because you're not as pretty as her, you must be some horrible monster. She's not even trying to defend you, either too drunk or too embarrassed to do so. As a crowd of strangers accuse you of all kinds of horrible things and threaten you with similarly awful ones, trying to claw your wife from your arms, you trigger.
Well, you did it, you were the part of a small gang, had fun with them, went out and did whatever you wanted. Your family wasn't really in the know, but they didn't need to know! You had fun and made sure the police didn't come down knocking on your door. Problematic is when a bunch of other people started shit near your home, and you called your friends to take care of it quickly. Before anything could escalate though, you saw your aunt walking down the street from your home, she saw you wielding a knife and went up to what would become a fight in just a few minutes. You tried to warn her, but she didn't listen, and when some guy knocked you down on your ass with a good punch, you thought that might be it for her. She was a large woman, probably unfit to run away. And she didn't. she threw a punch, making the guy who approached her cry out in pain and bleed. She swung again, knocking over another one, and your friends stood at the side, just watching. By the time the police came, your aunt had already dragged you home. The next day, you find a video of the whole thing online, and when you go to meet your friends, they laugh at you, tell you to fuck off, and better call your aunt if you need another gang.
For the first several years of your life, you were raised as a boy by your mother, who went through pains to ensure that nothing dissuaded you from the fact. Your childhood years were strictly supervised, every friendship made shallow at best, with your mother always watching over your shoulder, making sure that nothing untoward might happen to break the charade. It wasn't out of place, and nothing ever came up that contradicted the reality of your life. It wasn't until you started attending a private religious all-boys school that the status quo changed, but there was no gradual realization -- just a sudden, incoherent blur of a moment after a teacher spills hot coffee on you, takes you to get changed, and realizes what's going on. Social services gets called, your mother gets investigated, and you're taken from your home. The shock of losing contact with your mother is numbed by the fact that you're keen enough to pick up on the hushed and worried discussions around you, only really catching unnerving snippets, and quickly piecing together the fact that your entire sense of identity is apparently founded on a lie.
You've been waiting for this date all week. This girl is smoking hot, she's smart, and the two of you hit it off in moments after you got in touch with her over an online dating app. The two of you have so many things in common, and it's finally time for you both to meet in person. You take her to a nice restaurant, wine and dine her, and before you know it she's whispering in your ear. "Let's go back to my place." You excitedly agree, and the clothes come off fast. Except... why does she have a knife strapped to her thigh? The first two vicious stabs to your thighs aren't enough to make you trigger, but as you thrash around, screaming in pain, you can hear her speak, sounding disappointed. "It's not as fun when they don't fight back," she sighs, and you feel the tip of the blade digging into somewhere you /really/ don't want it to go. Trigger.
Your mother pleaded, cajoled, ordered you to help her with her latest attempt at a diet, to nag her and bother her. She hit you several times when you didn't immediately accept. She could get so scary when she was upset. You agreed, eventually, though you knew it would go badly. Threw out all the junk food, bought the new food for the super strict diet. She didn't follow the diet, you did. She didn't exercise, instead threatening to hit you the next time you told her to get off the couch. You went for long walks. A month in, she got out the scale. She adjusted it to cheat, but it still showed she'd gained weight. You lost a fair amount. You were smiling, pleased with yourself, while she got increasingly upset - and then you made the mistake of saying that she hadn't followed the diet, so of course she would gain weight. She got out a tub of ice cream and set it in front of you, and she told you to eat it all. Then, when you did, your insides cramping, she got out another. After a day and a half of this treatment, you trigger.
You’ve been gone a couple more days than you planned. You have more than enough food, enough water, so you aren’t worried. You’d even told friends back home that the camping trip length was variable. What you hadn’t accounted for was the weather. Just as you light a fire to cook your dinner, clouds come over you, dark and large. It starts to drizzle. You try and keep the fire going, but as you’re preoccupied, the strong winds pull your tent out of the ground, and it bounces through the trees. You run after it, but lose track. You have no way to get out of the woods now. The rain keeps up, and the wind howls louder. You hear distant creaking sounds followed by crashes as trees fall over under the strain. Then, the hair on your arms and head stands straight on end. Trigger as you realize what the static means.
Your brother, the favorite, was always abrasive, but never as bad as the bullies. Until you started going to the same school. It escalated quickly, from tripping you in the hallway to throwing your backpack in the river. You learned to take the alternate path, or leave at odd times. Or sometimes, not go at all. One day, they're waiting for you. This time, you decide to fight back, managing to black one's eye. They snap, dragging you down to the river and forcing your face under. Drowning while your brother watches silently, vision blacking out at the edges, you trigger.
Your father was a Parahuman. His ability was something truly awful; he created fields with it, and could control people within that area. It took him time to build up a place, but once he did there wasn't anyone that could say no to him inside of it. Your childhood was... rough. He saw you and your sister more as toys than people, keeping you trapped within your bodies and unable to move even a muscle under your own power. He would make you do embarassing things, or dance. Feed him and bathe him. His power made him incredibly lazy, his body atrophying with disuse. It was your sister that saved you. You're still not sure exactly what happened, but he pushed her too far. You were in the closet, staring blankly at the wall when suddenly you could move under your own power. The hope and freedom that rose at that moment could have broken you if this were just a trick, a trap. Rather than wait to find out, you cautiously started to explore the house. You found your sister and what was left of your father. She was beating his corpse, mercilessly. Laughing. When she noticed you she smiled, covered in gore, and dropped your father's corpse to the ground. She walked over and embraced you, and you felt your control slipping again. That familiar feeling of loss of control, snatching away the freedom she had given you. "Don't worry," She says, still giggling. "I'll protect you. I'll keep you safe, where no one can ever hurt you again." As you feel the last vestiges of your control over your own body slipping and that familiar horror sets in, you realize what's happening. You start to shake uncontrollably, tears running down your face. Your sister looks down at you, and your own hand rises to wipe away your tears without your consent. You trigger.
You can't help it: you're jealous. It's been a problem in past relationships, but your current SO seems to be surprisingly willing to check in every hour, to cut off opposite-sex friends, and everything else you demand. You're still anxious and worried that they'll leave you, but things seem like they may go well this time. Then it happens. They don't check in. You give them a minute or two, then call. And call. And call. No response. They're fucking around behind your back, you just know it. You thought they might have been the One. Trigger.
It was Valentine’s Day, and you were happy. Your SO had been slowly drifting away from you, not wanting to spend as much time with you after that nasty car accident they were in earlier that year. But today they were being romantic and one thing lead to another. They looked a lot more fit than they were the last time you saw them naked, but you chalked it up to physical therapy. Then their arms wrapped around you and as a pair you fell onto the bed, first thing you noticed was their grip being tighter than usual. As you both approach climax, it gets even tighter. Their fingers dig in a lot, painfully, then they pierce the skin and the pressure on your ribs gets intense. They’re crushing you. As you try to tell them to stop, you can’t get your breaths to come out as more than wheezes. You hear a deep snapping noise and something inside you gives. Trigger.
Everyone gets five minutes of fame, and these are yours. Your 'controversial' and 'shocking' opinions are finally getting airtime, and it's standing room only at your first speaker's appointment. The crowd is alternately cheering and booing, and they're eating it up as you give them the Word from On High. Then there's a BANG - a sound almost lost in the roar of the crowd - and a sick stabbing pain in your chest. Somehow, you see the gunman in the stands as he takes careful aim, as the cheers and boos turn to gasps: you try to say something, but the words just won't come. You trigger just as he fires again.
You've been married for the past three years, lavishing yourself and your spouse with a lifestyle beyond your means. You accumulate massive amounts of credit card debt, not to say anything about the debt you accrued in the pursuit of a college degree, and the wage you earn monthly can't even cover the minimum payments for all the associated bills you owe, both credit cards, the loans, mortgage, the car, and you're dreading the medical bills and other costs associated with an impending childbirth. Finally coming to reality as you're faced with bill after bill, you hem and haw about how best to break this news, deathly concerned it might tear your marriage apart, your hesitation leads to the worst possible outcome - your spouse opening your mail, going through everything, and confronting you as you return home, papers fanned in one hand indicating a debt of several hundred thousand dollars. Trigger.
Dad was always angry after work, and as the oldest child it was up to you to protect your siblings however you could. Normally this meant taking the brunt of the punishment, but today was different. He was much angrier, and instead of going for the old stand-by of his fists, he grabbed an empty beer bottle off the counter, slamming it on the table. He waves the bottle threateningly at you, then takes a wide swing -- you're able to dodge in time, but that's the biggest mistake you make all night. His swing carries it into the wall and the glass shatters, leaving him with a handful of jagged shards. Then your youngest sister starts crying. As he whirls towards her, fire in his eyes and his bloody hand tightening the biggest piece of glass, all the chaos gets to you as you desperately try to hit him, stop him in some way. Trigger.
Your father was a wealthy man, there was no doubt about it. Everybody loved him too, he seemed so perfect, so humble. He helped old ladies cross the street like it was second nature. You were different though, timid, weak, a smidgen creepy as well. What people didn't know was that as long as you could remember, your father kept you that way. Your father was a control freak, and a murderer, and you helped him. That's why he kept you weak mentally, physically, so you'd never be strong enough to break free of him, turn him in. He watched your every move, controlled every aspect of your life. You were too scared to tell anyone, especially since you'd helped him. You were just as bad as he was. It was his ritual, inviting them over to your house, distracting them before ultimately having you beat them down with a hammer so that he could enjoy the "fun parts". You got good at it too, just like he wanted you to. One day you hit puberty and like teenagers do, you started to think for yourself, get smarmy. A small part of you always /knew/ it was wrong, but now, it all came to the top. You trigger as he prepares to beat you mentally and physically, realizing that then, now, and forever you were the murderer's little monster.
Working at a nuclear power plant is actually incredibly safe. You can count the number of Americans who have died in related accidents since the advent of nuclear power on your fingers and toes, despite what protestors sometimes say. It's the safest power source around. Unfortunately, user error still exists - somebody fucked up labeling materials properly, or you just misread them, and as a consequence, you accidentally cause the mix to achieve criticality. Nothing threatening to the world at large, or even your coworkers, but you've just been exposed to an incredibly lethal level of radiation that will kill you in two days. As everyone panics and people try to figure out what happened, you trigger - and so does the responsible party, out of a mix of guilt and fear.
Late-night walks were something you came to enjoy. Your dad was a mean drunk, and got hammered more evenings than not. You learned to be careful to avoid getting in the middle of him fighting with your mother or siblings, but it was stressful just to be there and hear the yelling. Instead, you got in the habit of leaving before the usual started and staying out on your own until things had relatively calmed down again. Home never quite felt like home to you, but it wasn't so bad to just spend time by yourself in the night air. It felt peaceful. You cut through a side street one night, not paying enough attention, and someone there took you for an opportunity. The mugger grabbed you, threatening you with a knife, but your mind was back home - back with your father. In a fit of reactive fear, you try to swing at the mugger, only to feel the sharp pain of the knife piercing through your chest. As you crumple over from the pain, struggling to breathe, you look up and see the thief watching you. You trigger.
It’s really a blur how it happened, snowmachining on a lake and a patch of ice was thinner than you thought. When you fell through though, the ice didn’t break neatly, instead scattering in a loose collection of heavy clumps floating in the water, more like packed snow. Even though you’re right next to the edge, the chunks float above your head and don’t allow you enough room to stick more than your arms out to keep you from sinking. You desperately claw for air, occasionally stealing a gasp from a crack near a drifting chunk, but the water is starting to freeze together the ice and these opportunities become much less frequent. The water robs the life and pain and even the color from your skin, leaving you numb and on the verge of frostbite each time your skin leaves the water. The very act that could save you causes immense pain. Trigger as your arms grope to move chunks out of the way for breathing holes, but they don’t budge.
You were quite the little shit growing up. Learning from an early age that dominance was key, you always made sure to know who was above you and who was below you. And of course, if they were below you, then it wasn't pretty. Among your bullying and sadism, there was one activity that absolutely delighted you: walking by that yard full of chained up dogs on your way to school. Every morning, like clockwork, that pack of mutts would be waiting there, barking and yipping at any movement that caught their eye. You never did figure out why they were stuck there in the morning; maybe the owner was an asshole, or they just liked hearing a shit ton of noise that early. It didn't really matter to you either. You just did what you felt like doing: tormenting, kicking, taunting, and abusing those animals through the chain link fence every single day. It became a game, seeing which ones would get the most rabid, trying to find the loudest, even occasionally drawing blood when the pack got really riled. They never could hurt you anyway, prying at their leashes as their teeth gnashed, and their owner was never around. Maybe they eventually noticed, though, because one day, you find that same pack just as ravenous as before. Only this time, they don't have leashes, and the fence gate is wide open. You trigger as the tables are turned, the herd chasing, catching, and tearing you to shreds for all the torment you caused them.
Your Master gave you life, His breath fills your lungs, His blood courses through your veins, it is through His eyes you see. It’s only natural that you serve Him, and His orders were to become a member of the PRT and relay Him all the info you could. So for years you obeyed this commandment, knowing Him more and more, He even called you His favorite “clone” and laughed when you humbly requested His insight on what that meant. He even told you about some of His plans, all obviously too divinely inspired for you, but He seems to enjoy talking to you specifically, and even called you His friend when you asked what you were. Then one day your Master came to you crying, His glorious hand sinking a small needle into your neck and pressing down on it. The color of life becomes darker while the conditioning bred into you from your creation falls away and you see him for what he is, a villain -- you were taught about them in the PRT and this revelation almost calls you to shoot him, but you cannot bring yourself to do this. Through tears, he tells you that he can’t bring himself to do this to you anymore. Your eyes water for the first time as he tells you that the clones are unstable, he has no clue how long you have. As tears streak down your face, you come to one realization. You don’t want to die. Trigger.
Being a superhero's kid isn't nearly as fun as you'd think, even if they do make giant mecha straight out of a cartoon. Your hero mom has always made you go to school events and extracurriculars that you hated because she thought you needed to if you wanted to get into college. Often, the organizations are meant for kids years older than you, but she thinks you'll rise to the challenge. One day you wind up in a speaking position at a worldwide youth conference. She pulled some strings and got you named as the winner of the event's essay contest. This lands you at the podium in front of what looks like a thousand kids, all much older than you. You start to stammer your way through the speech you scrawled, failing to even peek above the podium. An event coordinator grabs you from behind the podium, hands you the mic, and shoves you forward, making you even more visible. The notes are back on the podium, but your social anxiety forces you to remain where you are. You improvise your way through the rest, failing utterly and making no sense at all. As the emcee takes the mic back and asks for a round of applause, you trigger as thousands of your peers silently stare you down.
It was freshman year and you were a star, a natural. You were smart too, had it all. You were quickly headed for JV. One day, you were going to hang out with some of the seniors and sophomores after school at the mall. You called shotgun, said you'd wrestle for it. You didn't have to. When they started driving were going too fast on a turn and the car crashed, and everything went black. You were in a coma for them semi-conscious for a couple of weeks, slowly recovering. When you came to they told you that you had brain damage. You were determined to get back on your feet however it became apparent that you couldn't. You weren't what you used to be, who you used to be. When you wanted to move your body lagged, when you wanted to think you found your thoughts moving like pitch. When you could finish forming those thoughts you found yourself exhausted fatigued. You kept your head up through high school, or tried too but it was hard. It made you feel stupid, crippled in body and mind but you soldiered on. They let you stay in the wrestling club but you were really just a mascot. It still made you feel good. After a couple years of this, and a couple more of being held back, you found yourself watching as the wrestling try-outs and you saw one of the freshman, he was a star, just like you were. In the moment, where you saw yourself in him, you thought clearly for the first time in years. You could see what should have been your best years, but if you were normal instead. Trigger.
Your parents are famous celebrities, and that gets you a lot of clout. The second you drop your last name it seems that you will immediately become king of the world: You get into any club you want, you get any sexual partners you want, everyone hangs on your every word, and everyone generally wants to be your best friend. Of course, it wouldn’t last. Your father was caught up in one huge scandal where he dropped a racial slur on camera, and after that, things spiraled out of control. Apparently, that was just the straw that broke the camel’s back, and all of the misdeeds from both of your parents quickly come to light. You hadn’t done anything wrong, but immediately your lifestyle changed. You had long known that much of your relationships were shallow and based solely on the quality of your last name, so the destruction of your social clout only mildly upset you. No, what wore you down was the negative press. The paparazzi screaming questions at you, news outlets asking if you knew about your parent’s misdeeds and didn’t say anything, being insulted and compared to them in the worst possible light… Your entire family is dragged through the mud endlessly, called stupid, vain, worthless, and above else, terrible people. Realizing that your family is a hated laughing stock and you will never be able to live a normal or even just vaguely positive life thanks to the shame of your name, you trigger.
You and complications have an intimate relationship. Calcium deposit right under your patellar ligament kept you from joining track in middle school, didn't help with the weight gain. Chronic bad back beginning in high school. Reflexologist telling you every limb is less than average. Alzheimer's runs in the family. You've graduated high school, and now your body is simply starting to ache. One night, as your aches keep you awake, you try to see yourself in five years, maybe ten, and you trigger as all you can see in your future is "complications".
Your mother was a twisted woman. Abuse had been the norm, your dad being the only one who could really protect you, but a genetic disease meant that he was a frail man. The worst day stays with you, when your father had tried to block your mother’s beatings and advances, but in a moment of brutality, was cast aside and tumbled down the stairs. Your mother was arrested for his manslaughter and you haven’t seen her since. Years later, you have new friends and a new town, your past locked away in your head. All it took was one drunken fool at a party, an unexpected someone from your old life, for all your secrets to come spilling out. You feel all eyes turn to you as the crowd quiets, the pity and judgement burning into you. Shame, buried for years, makes a sudden appearance as you realise how you can never truly belong with the carefree people you now call friends. Trigger.
Being a gangster is a dangerous job, and it's certainly not glamorous, but what you're being tasked to do never came into mind as you found your way into the business. Dogfighting's prime entertainment for the scum of the city, and you're low enough on the totem pole that you get to deal with the bloodthirsty, mangy beasts. Feeding and cleaning's a job that's split between a few people, but today it's your turn to do the dirty work. As unnerving as the feral growls from the kennels and cages are, it's just cleaning up dogshit and bones and scrap, right? Yeah, not right. One of your fuckhead buddies must have forgotten to latch one of the kennels. An ugly, vicious mastiff's very definitely not caged, facing you down and edging closer, hackles raised. You back away, dropping your cleaning supplies, arms flying up over your face to protect yourself as the beast lunges at you. Fang meets flesh, and you trigger.
You’re caught in a bloodbath, and there is no exit. Someone in the mall you were in just triggered and became a cape, and it seemed they were the kind of person that was simply hell-bent on using their new power for murder. Mobs of people try to flee, but whole swathes of the crowd are cut down like nothing as the monster laughs maniacally, reveling in their newfound strength. You’re one of the few that managed to escape the initial onslaught; you and two others are crowded together, hiding beneath the check-out counter of a shoe store. Eventually, the screams of the other shoppers are cut short, and you are left in silence. Among the silence, you can hear a lone set of footsteps moving ever closer. The steps pass near where you are, very nearly driving you insane with fear… But eventually the footsteps pass and you relax slightly. So does the person huddled next to you; as their body relaxes, their shoe scuffs slightly against the floor. With that noise, the footsteps stop for a moment before reversing direction and coming straight for you. Trigger.
The graveyard shift working in waste disposal, you’re clearing house at the liposuction clinic. Opening the industrial sized bin, you see it filled to the brim with medical waste bags. Struggling to grip the bags, you lean in a little further than is safe and your feet leave the ground as you fall, getting swamped by bags of fat. You’re pissed, but as you try to climb out, zips and sharper points on your clothes pierce some of the bags and gallons of fat start to pour out onto you. As you struggle, unable to find any traction or leverage, more bags are sliced open before you are swimming in the stuff. Horrified and disgusted, thick liquid fat passing your lips as you try to yell for help, you trigger.
You're in the middle of a long dive with the rest of your scuba team, in waters that aren't entirely friendly to human life. To that end, everyone around you is carrying a wasp knife at their side. You've all been trained to use them, but something goes horribly wrong. One of the nearest divers gets spooked, and stabs out into the murky waters. Unfortunately, it jams right into your arm, and the payload of the knife has been ejected. You know you've got maybe seconds until the air hits your heart, or explosively reacts in your veins. Trigger.
It’s over, everything has become too hard. Nothing brings you any joy anymore, not after the divorce. It had been mutual, and you both split off on bad terms hating each other’s guts. Then slowly the silence of the apartment had grown heavy, all the pictures that gave you joy causing you pain with their gazes, your favorite foods tainted by the memory of your ex. Too late you realize that your spat had been hollow and you still loved them. They left town though, no more sunshine in your life, so you went to that bridge. Nice and secluded, where you shared your first kiss, the canyon below sneering up at your misery. Then you see another figure standing at this bridge, tilting as you are. In the dark you can’t see their face, but as they tip over the edge the street-light flickers over their visage. It’s them. As they tumble through the air limply towards the rocks, you let out a pained shriek, your hand grasping and scraping at the air for them. Trigger.
You never meant for it to go this far, man. You just needed to get your hands on some fast money, and your boy Sal knew a guy looking for some muscle. A quick babysitting job with two other guys keeping an eye on a few rich brats, for ransom or leverage or some other shit you didn't need to know. Put on a mean act, keep 'em scared and quiet, and get paid. Shoulda been simple, right? But next thing you know, there are cops surrounding the place like it's fucking ring around the rosie time. One of the little rich bastards decides now would be a great time to grow a pair of balls, and goes for your gun. Practically MADE you shoot him, really. Jesus fucking Christ, now there's blood on everyone. Good thing those brats are rich, 'cause therapy's expensive, and they're gonna need it. Shit, man, you probably need therapy too. You didn't want to do that. You didn't put 'shoot a fucking kid' on your calendar today. And now the cops are charging the place like the gunshot was a starting pistol at a racetrack. They're kicking in the doors and windows, guns drawn, no way out, and now there's a kid's blood on your hands. Trigger.
It’s been a long road to wellness, but the psychiatrist assures you that you have your schizophrenia well under control enough to switch to a less potent prescription. That was bullshit, you’ve been shaking for days and the dizzy spells come in tidal waves, worst of all you’ve started hearing voices and seeing things in the corners of your eyes. They keep telling you that this is common in withdrawal, and giving you tiny doses of your old meds to wean you off. The shakes and dizziness are gone, but the hallucinations only get worse as time wears on and you know what the voices are talking about. They’re talking about you, mocking you, “They’re crazy” the voices say, “Flipped their lid” they say. You can see curls like dense, blood-red hair in the corners of your vision whenever you’re off the meager doses you’re given. The breaking point is reached when you begin retching in the middle of an episode, your whole world turning scarlet and crowds of voices mocking you. Trigger.
You should have listened. Everyone told you not to go home alone. Yeah it was dark and yeah you had been drinking but the party was only five blocks away from your place. There was no point in taking a cab, and everyone else was too drunk to drive. And plus, you took karate for like five months as a kid. You'd be fine. Nothing bad EVER happened here. That's what you kept telling yourself as you walked with your heels in hand, stumbling a bit. You were a quarter of the way home when you felt the hairs on the back of your neck prick up. Someone was following you. You tried to phone a friend. Maybe they wouldn't do anything if they knew that someone would miss you. But it's dead. You pick up your pace, but you're terrified. Even if you make it home, now they know where you live. Your heart races as you navigate the streets, trying to make fake turns to throw them off. Now you're half an hour out of the way from your house, you've cut your foot on broken glass, and you hesitate, mustering up enough courage to glance behind you for the first time in what feels like ages. They're still there. You trigger as you back away from your approaching follower, legs burning with exhaustion, the soles of your feet ragged from abuse, knowing that you don't have the energy or the reserves to shake them off, knowing that you'll probably never make it home.
When you asked your mom why your uncle was so big, she laughed and told you, "from eating little kids who ask too many questions." So when he's your babysitter some months later, you're terrified he's going to eat you. After a lot of him trying to get you to do things and you basically locking up and cowering, he finally growls and half-lunges at you. You run for it, locking yourself in your bedroom. You can hear him on the phone, pacing up and down the halls. You trigger when you hear him say "I'm going to kill that little brat."
You feel awful and hopeless quite often, and are having thoughts of suicide. You talk to your parents about how you feel, and out of nowhere your father is furious, he’s yelling at you to tell him how you plan to do it, your mother collapses in on herself and starts crying. You have no idea what to say, you didn’t expect this, you start crying and panicking. Your father forces you to the ground still screaming in your face about how you’re being selfish. You are trapped as he kneels on you, his hands holding down your wrists. Unable get away, and just wanting some way to take back telling them, you trigger.
When people are hanged, they're not choked to death. It's the fall that kills them and snaps their neck, the body just spams after that. At least, that's the case when the drop is long enough and the noose is well made. You? Looking at the kitchen clock, you can see that you've been hanging for nearly a quarter of an hour, alternating trying to die faster and frantic scrabbling for air. Things are going black again but you can hear someone at the door. Relief and panic battle each other: an end to the pain in your lungs and neck but whoever it is will also stop you from trying again. You can't stand the thought but you're neither able to die fast enough nor release yourself from your self-made bonds. Trigger.
It took years for you to realize something about you, but not as many as some - you are, in fact, gay. Your family, deep-rooted in conservative beliefs, would never accept it, let alone turn a blind eye. So you kept it a secret, tucked it away in your soul for years, until you met someone that you just clicked with. You start dating, uneasy at first, half due to secrecy, half due to lack of experience, but a year passes by and you're sure you've found the right person. If only your family could see that. On your 17th birthday, you decided to bring your significant other with you, planning on taking high road, standing proud above your parents' outdated belief, and maybe, just maybe, fingers crossed, getting their blessings for the young relationship. But things went different than you anticipated, and far worse. As you presented your 'friend' you'd invited as the person you sincerely wanted to spend your life with, your parents didn't just throw them out, or even just throw a screaming fit at the both of you, but your father, outraged, upended a pot of hot coffee in significant other's face. They scream, sprinting blindly out of your house and swearing all the while, and you hurry after them, party forgotten, disgusted at your parents. You can't seem to find them, but as you pause on the curb to check your phone, you find one from your SO, denouncing you and your parents as a bunch of maniacs, condemning your family in the harshest words possible and dumping you in the process. Heartbroken, still disgusted with your family and their beliefs, you realize how much those beliefs you never took stock in have cost you. Trigger.
Everyone always asks about your adoptive father, he’s a corporate hero who originally took you on as a publicity stunt, but over time gave you the home you needed until you eventually moved out. Whenever someone sees your last name, officially his cape name as part of the stunt, they immediately saddle you with these expectations of greatness. “Can you fly?” “Does he ever show up and roast steaks with his eyebeams?” The truth is you’re just a person who wants to be left alone, you spent your entire teenage years in the spotlight and they’d left a burn. You’ve slowly been making your way in the world as an artist working mostly on commissions, but after an ill-advised voice chat, someone figured out who you are and told everyone. Your inbox being flooded by people asking questions and digging on you, you trigger out of sheer embarrassment as the life you spent so long making is ripped away by a few spoken words.
You and your significant other are cave divers, finding an immense pleasure in exploring dank, dark underwater caverns. At some point the two of you even gain a bit of niche fame in the cave diving community, and sometimes get offers to speak at small diving schools. On one such occasion, you go to give a talk alone while your partner is exploring a cave system in a different state. Fast forward to a few days after you get back, and your partner has been dead almost since the hour you left to go give the talk, trapped in one such dank cave system. Feeling it’s your responsibility to retrieve their body, you head in after them with thirty minutes of oxygen. It only takes you 10 minutes to find their body, diving lines tangled up around their corpse and nearby rocks in a clear struggle. You attempt to free their cadaver, but it’s a long and difficult process. Eventually you realize you only have 10 minutes of oxygen left and need to start heading back, but you can’t; you remain and attempt to free your partner in a manic frenzy. Eventually you run out of oxygen and begin suffocating, but you still attempt to free them. After a short while the lack of oxygen causes cerebral hypoxia, which results in hallucinations as you thrash around in a blind panic, drowning in your partner’s underwater tomb. Trigger.
When your sister was born, the umbilical cord cut off her oxygen for a long while. She was born without a heartbeat and recusitated shortly after. Everyone talked about how she was such a miracle in surviving, but the reality was that she was mentally disabled. Her being around made everything so very hard, from eating to sleeping to finding time for yourself. When you joined junior high (7th grade), you thought it was all over when your sister tried kissing/slobbered on a guy in your grade a week into classes. You pretended you didn't know her, and chased her off. You spelled your name differently, you made up a family, and somehow got into the group of cool kids. Everything was fine for so long, but a 7th grader isn't very good at lying, and the lies came tumbling down - your sister came to greet you after school, shouting your name in that voice of hers, and it was like a nightmare. Someone asked her who she was, and she called herself your sister. In your shock, you could barely refute it. All the cool kids were staring at you, looking disgusted. Your social life for junior high and high school, utterly destroyed.
You've got a good job in an apartment building, you've got a few responsibilities but most of the time it's just about being there in case anything happens. Among the things you do have to do, however, is take out the trash a few times a week. It started out alright, all you had to do was drag the full bins outside so that the garbage truck can collect them. Sure, sometimes someone left a trash bag next to a full bin even though there were empty bins a few steps away, but no big deal. Then people got lazier and lazier, and now you regularly find piles of trash bags next to the first few bins while all of the bins at the back of trash area are empty. Sometimes you even find trash piled on empty bins! You've sent word to the director of the complex and they've told you they would do something about that, but the piles of trash keep getting bigger as more and more bins are left empty. One day you open the door to the trash area and find yourself face to face with a wall of trash blocking the entrance completely. In a fit of frustration and anger, you kick the bags, swearing all the while, too caught up in your own indignation to notice the tower of garbage about to collapse on top of you. Buried in filth, pinned down and unable to move your limbs but mere inches, and faced with the option to breath in the vilest stench you've known or asphyxiate, you trigger.
Being a parahuman is *awesome* - You're living the high life, and your brother's the man who made it all happen. As a Trump with the ability to bestow powers, you're the logical target for his gifts...Until it all goes wrong. Maybe it's envy, creative differences or just sheer spite, but he's making you jump through hoops to get his power...He's got you hooked, and he knows it. Something has to give, and the moment you've been dreading comes far too soon: You reach for the power, as you have dozens of times before, and he says no. There's nothing you can say to change his mind. Nothing you can *do*, even - And yet you can't go back. You've had it all, and now it's gone forever. Trigger in a haze of jealousy, dread and terror.
You lost your leg in a car accident and met your spouse on your road to recovery. They were a nurse and the two of you were absolutely obsessed with each other for different reasons. You thought they were attractive, kind, and funny, but unbeknownst to you, they were a devotee, someone who is attracted to disability. They were domineering rather than nurturing. Now nearly recovered from the accident, you find that they're frustrated by the fact that you can move with a prosthetic. They cripple you, no longer a doll they can play with, pushing you down the stairs. With a broken leg and a concussion, you wake up in the hospital, and with aphasia, you're unable to find the words to reject their now stomach-churning affections as they coddle you, propping you up and spoon-feeding you soup in pure ecstasy. Trigger.
This is your job, it’s simply triage after this attack, this Endbringer attack had been particularly grisy compared to the other less exceptional incidents you’d helped with. Still, it was the least you could do to help with your EMT and search experience, and you’d hope someone would do this if you were caught in this carnage instead. Then you happen across the body, a villain you recognize, one that was definitely not a minor force, completely impaled from shoulder to thigh by a piece of debris. You decide to move on after marking the black tape, they’re surely dead, but before you get out of earshot you hear them faintly wheeze out a cry for help. This person has killed, destroyed lives, but they’re asking you for help, and you came here to save people. It would be so easy, moving them at this moment would kill them, undo any of the evil they’d inflict on the world after this. But this is a human life, you could call them in and they could be saved with that crazy hero that’s here specifically for this. But how many people would that kill, just because you don’t want to feel guilty? In a battle between what the right thing to do is, the villain starts bleeding out in earnest while you fight yourself. Trigger.
