"Your mother died five years ago. You were catatonic, barely able to even go to ID the body, as the last surviving member of your family. Lately, you've been rebuilding your life, and as a homage to your mother, you intended to get married in her wedding dress. After going on a pre-wedding vacation with your fiance, you return home just in time for halloween, only to find out that your cousin, who knew damn well what the dress meant to you, decorated it in fake blood for her costume. She thought it would wash out, and panicked when it didn't, scrubbing it with bleach and destroying beading and lace in the process. It takes you right back to the day you found out, unable to deal on any level, as you stare at the thing draped over the back of a chair, which looks more like a used tampon than a dress. Trigger."
"You have a fight with your partner, an argument that turns into a screaming match. They say that you never contribute, that you're lazy and selfish. Maybe it's true, maybe it isn't, but it's something you always worry about, that you're not doing your fair share, and having those words come out of your loved one's mouth... it's just too much. You step out, not able to take it, and just wander, their words going through your head over and over, as you turn your life over piece by piece, trying and failing to find objectivity as you analyze everything. The sheer stress of it, the feeling of uncertainty, and the repeated running over some of your worst moments in order to try to figure out the truth is enough to make you trigger."
"Your spouse makes the money, and you... well, you sit at home and you look pretty on their arm at events. It's not a *bad* life, per se, and it's one you opted into, wanting the security that they could provide you. Two years in, you're so bored at home, you take up a hobby, one thing leads to another, and you've got a job offer doing something you love. You tell your spouse, and there's a cold look on their face for a moment, but they seem supportive. Then the job offer seems to evaporate into thin air. Weeks later, you accidentally stumble on an email that was trashed on your main account, offering you the job. Another, asking why you weren't responding. A third, telling you they'd given the job to someone else. When you tell your spouse, they inform you that your job is to stay at home and keep yourself looking good, and they were just looking out for you, deleting those mails. The sheer depth of the betrayal flabbergasts you and makes you trigger."
"Your spouse keeps you living in a constant state of fear. Screaming, hitting, insults that bite to your core, they keep you living in terror of them. It only escalates, never getting any better, and finally, you get a gun. Just to defend yourself, you think. In case it ever gets that far. It's not a month after the purchase, though, that you completely snap. They tear into you, leaving you battered and bruised in the bathroom, before just stomping away and going to bed, telling you to sleep on the couch. You can't fucking take it. You grab your gun from its hidden spot, and shoot them in the head while they sleep. As you stare at their corpse, a dead, dull feeling in your chest, you wonder if your life is over. Trigger."
"You were raised by parents who taught you the value of politeness with screamed expletives, so you took it upon yourself to be the image of perfect calm. Years passed by at school and home and the facade held true; people called you nice, lovely, a good person. You loved it at first, smiled at the thought of being better than your parents. Now, however, years later, it's dawned on you that this act can never end. Your friends don't know who you are and neither do you. Is this your fate, to be acting the part of someone you aren't?
Unsure of your own identity, you struggle on. You make occasional strange outbursts at friends who look at you differently afterwards. The final straw comes when your partner of many years drunkenly tells you that you are the most boring person they have ever met. Still smiling a fixed grin, you feel mental control being swept away by a furious urge to express yourself. You're frustrated by the fact that you don't know how, and aren't even entirely sure of who that self is."
"You were slow to develop, eagerly anticipating your first pubic hairs and growth spurt at sixteen. Inches shorter than your classmates, unable to find your date because you looked like a fifth grader, you finally managed to convince your parents that you needed hormones to jump start your progress down that road. Before that appointment could arrive, however, you were hit by a car. Everything went dark, and you felt as though an immensely long time passed. When you woke, you instinictively knew it was from a coma, that things were horribly wrong, and... yet you felt a surge of hope. Time had passed, you had, in an ironic, twisted way, had a chance to grow up instantaneously, from your perspective. What they ended up telling you, however, was horrifying and confusing, almost incomprehensible. You lost half of your brain in the accident. You were vegetative, barely responsive, with the mental and motor functions of a one year old. Unwilling to end your life, and fearing that you would become too difficult to care for as you hit puberty, they pushed for the Ashley treatment, sometimes known as the Pillow Angel treatment. Sex characteristics pruned away, the hormones you ended up getting were intended to inhibit your growth, and to fuse your growth plates. You were referred to as Peter Pan in the local newspaper articles. But somehow, wires reconnected, your brain adapted, and you managed a recovery, with full mental function. A late bloomer now slated to be a child forever, and given the damage from your accident and convalescence, you're not an overly attractive one."
"You won't amount to anything, anyway. That's what you tell yourself while you wait in the parking lot. You never did anything with your life, but he'll be a legislator someday. He'll impact so many lives. You'd only been broken up for two months when they started sleeping together. Really, though, you feel sorry for him. He's not mature enough to know how easy it is to destroy someone's world. He genuinely didn't even consider the damage he was doing to you. He's selfish. And it would be terrible for someone as selfish as he is to write policies and laws, affecting millions of lives. He needs to learn that actions have consequences, or he'll keep on hurting people. This might be the most important thing you can ever do with your life. Teaching him this lesson -- it's why you're on this earth. She comes out of the office building. She looks just like her Facebook picture, only thicker. This makes you smile as you press on the gas. Trigger right before you hit Ms. Muffin-Top."
"You failed your kid. The divorce, and the fact that you didn't see your child for two years, between the divorce and multiple marriages on your end and your ex's. Long story short, it was a nightmare, and the kid got shuttled around too much; they didn't even recognize you as they were unceremoniously dropped off. As you finished up the night's work, you could hear them sobbing in the other room. You promised yourself you'd go and console them after you finished the email... but something happened. A crack, a shudder, and they were standing in the door of your room with glowing eyes, whispering, ""I don't want to be a child anymore."" The next thing you knew, you were standing in the doorway, less than half your usual size, staring at yourself. They took over your body, giving you theirs. You were the child now, your life being dictated by a two hundred and twenty pound seven year old with adult hormones and medieval ideas of punishment, holding you underwater until you pass out or spanking you bloody if you so much as try to cook food for yourself instead of eating the burned shit they keep giving you. You thought they would be unable to deal, lose their job, beg for help, and you would have a window to find an answer or slip away, but they somehow find their way, building up a support network of others with shitty impulse control and childish attitudes, who give them drugs and a place to live for free. You trigger as your drug-addled seven year old talks loudly and drunkenly to the room about how to punish you for being a bad child."
"You were dealing drugs at a rave when one of your subordinates comes running up to you, grabbing you. In the raucous noise, you can barely hear her as she tells you that some undercovers are after you - she recognized one as her sister's fiance's brother's boyfriend from a wedding. She, judgment not helped by some partaking of what she was supposed to be selling, points them out, and they see. You run, they chase, and it's like a scene out of a movie, except with you left breathing hard enough that your lungs hurt and you think your heart is going to explode. You step up onto the hood of a car, onto the roof, leap to clear a fence - and don't clear it. The fence is topped by decorative spikes, and one of the spikes slams through your taint and several internal organs. Shock swooping over you as the officers cease radioing for backup and start radioing for paramedics. You sit there, hunched over, in awe over how fucked you are. You trigger."
"You were always one of the best. In your small town, there wasn't much more to do than drink, smoke, and party, and you were an angry drunk. Somewhere along the line, you earned a reputation as someone who wasn't to be fucked with. You were brutal in a drunken scrap. It earned you accolades, of a sort, and earned you an identity among a few hundred rural rednecks. You started looking for the fights, the alcohol and periodic drugs becoming synonymous with the effort. And for a while, it was glorious. People picked fights with you and you fucked them up and then fucked their (now ex-)girlfriends. You moved to the city, and you couldn't find your groove again. Something went wrong, and the city kids had an edge you didn't, or they ganged up on you, or they ignored you. Sometimes the alcohol and drugs held you back. You get dismissed as a loser, and with a few too many lost fights behind you, the city youth don't even entertain you anymore. You ~want~ the fight, to get your face smashed in, and to smash in faces in turn. Without that, what are you? Drunk, as high as you've ever been, and maybe even overdosing a little, you break, screaming incoherently for a challenger."
"You're a hobbyist, and it's a silly hobby. Knitting. Not common for someone your age, but it's zen-like and pleasant. A good way to get away from everything. You're involved on several knitting forums, and all is good. But things turn sour. It starts with a relay knit, doing work on a piece and then mailing it to the next person in the relay. Someone gets your address and name, and they make a long and accusatory post online about how there was someone who assaulted and murdered a string of kids, got off on a technicality, and moved away, changing their name. They think you're that person, and cite a whole, ludicrous string of garbage about writing styles and vague name similarities and how where you lived now would be just far enough away while being in the same state and so on. It catches fire, and the witch hunt begins. You're ousted from your community, you can no longer bring yourself to knit, it bothers you so much... and then it follows you to real life. It seems no matter how hard you protest, you can't shake the label or the accusation. They dub you a monster, your boss assures you your past doesn't matter, before you manage to clear things up. But the breaking point is when you see the spray paint on the face of your (rented) house, a scarlet letter, so to speak, entirely undeserved."
"Your entire life has been deceptively average, from a mediocre school record to a completely normal teenage life. In the summer leading up to college, your parents began to act strangely. Hushed conversations that stopped when you entered a room, exceeding amounts of time spent out of the house, and a slew of other uncharacteristically unusual behavior. It's enough to make you paranoid, to wonder what exactly they've been doing behind your back, what could be so important that they couldn't involve you with the situation. Eventually, it reaches a fever point, and you decide you can't take anymore. On one of their trips out, you sneak inside of your father's private study and ransack it. Tearing open the desk, looking through his laptop, anything that could sate that burning need to /know/. In a file buried deep in his desk, you find your answer. You're adopted, the child of a reemerged supervillain and former big shot of the area. The worst part of it all was the fact that your parents were aware of your true parentage, and not only never told you the truth, but went to extreme lengths to hide it from you. The emotional betrayal is only accentuated by the lack of trust and respect they've displayed, tip toeing around this fact. With this immense revelation, you trigger."
"When you entered the civil service, making a difference was what you set out to do. Righting the wrongs that no one else could, using your position to help people, and being the best that you could be. That was always the original goal, but the years you've spent have worn you down. Put one scumbag away and there's ten more to replace him, rip one abused child from indifferent parents and you'll have to do it again the next week.
There's a case that's been on your mind for a while - a slimy creep that you're positive has been abusing his stepkid. Every time the case comes to court, the mother comes to defend her husband, saying that the daughter is making it up. It's gut-wrenching, watching him walk away with clean hands and seeing the despaired look on the girl's face. It's gnawing off a bit of your soul each time you try to pin this bastard, failing each time.
It's been a month since the last time this guy has been brought up in your life, and you feel the faintest hope that maybe it's stopped. That he's realized the kid isn't worth the risk, and you're not going to have to see this family again. When the newest report comes in, regarding the same kid. When you realize you'll never truly be able to stop him, you trigger at your desk."
"You're out doing humanitarian work. There aren't many doctors in this area, and parahumans run roughshod over most of the local logistics. A patient comes in - a young woman, carried in by one of the local major villains, some kind of flying artillery-type Breaker. She's been shot, several times, and he tells you in no uncertain terms that if you fuck this up, you'll be in very big, very lethal trouble. You get the vague impression she might be his younger sister, or his wife, or something like that. You manage well enough, treating the wounds and stopping the blood flow, but the antibiotics must've been bad or something, because they get infected. Every passing hour sees your patient get that little bit closer to death's door, writhing in a mixture of agony and painkiller-induced confusion, and you're increasingly certain she's going to die, and you're going to follow her shortly. The two of you trigger simultaneously."
"People have always called you a 'prodigy.' While the other kids were learning to multiply, you were wondering what would happen if you took the square root of a negative number. By the time you entered high school, you were taking math classes at the local college, and when you entered college, you were working on your Master's thesis in imaginary non-Euclidean geometry. You got a job at a prestigious research university, where you were paid to do math all day every day. Then you ran out of ideas. Your supervisors wanted more results, and you couldn't come up with anything. A year passed, and you hadn't had any new discoveries or breakthroughs in the field. You stress and worry, but most of all, you begin to dread when people ask how your work is going. Your supervisor tells you that this is the last straw. If you can't get any meaningful work done in the next month, they'll revoke your grant and terminate you. The month passes oh-so-slowly, and you can't get anything to connect in your mind. Your phone rings on the deadline, and caller ID tells you it's your boss. Your hand shakes as you pick up the phone, and right before you hit the answer button, you trigger, knowing your life is about to be ruined."
"When you went off to college you figured it would be a good chance to remake yourself. You hadn't gotten out much during high school, so when some of your classmates invited you to go spelunking with them you figured it'd be a good chance to try something new. So you all went up to some caves outside of town, thinking that you'd spend the day exploring and head back in the evening. You thought it was going pretty well for your first time, until the rumbling started. Worried that something had happened, you all headed back toward the surface only to find that a landslide had covered the way you came in. One of your classmates took charge, saying that there was probably another way back to the surface, you just had to find it. As the hours passed with no exit found, the mood grew progressively more tense. As the group rests, you take a moment to look around and realize that there is no way out. You've been searching for hours with no progress, just dead ends and circles. You're all going to die down here. You see your fears reflected in the faces of your classmates and you all trigger."
"You have a chronic intestinal disease. It surfaced when you were so young you can't remember, but all throughout your life, on and off, it's sprung up, bringing symptoms from stomach pain to diarrhea to vomiting to weak joints. There's no cure, and you'll have to live with it forever. You deal with it pretty well, and your grades constantly improve through the years. You even convince yourself that the disease isn't a major part of you, that you're strong enough to fight through the symptoms when they do occur. When the doctor mentions surgery as a longer-term solution, you brush it off. You can do it without such drastic measures. You're proud of yourself, and have confidence in your future. During your senior year of high school, though, the disease surfaces as never before. On Christmas vacation, you're too sick to spend time with your family. You miss every other week of the spring semester, and by the end of the year your grades have plummeted. You start to consider the surgery. You get sympathy from your teachers and counselors, but you can't fix your grades with sympathy. When you spend a month in the hospital for the surgery you finally decided to have during finals, you know your college will reverse its acceptance decision, and it's not fair. You tried as hard as you could, and you still failed. The biopsy comes back on the removed section of your intestines, and the doctor says that the surgery failed. A 1 in 1000 chance. Trigger."
"You’ve been having tremors, lately. You called your doctor, and she said that it was a known side effect of one of your meds. Unusual to appear so long after you started on it, but not rare. She had you schedule a follow-up appointment as soon as possible, assuring you that there are lots of alternative medications and there’s no major risks associated with this side effect, as long as you are careful driving.
When you get to the appointment, your doctor is all smiles, talking to you about a few choices you have for a replacement medication. It’s pretty nice, as doctor’s visits go, until you have a tremor in front of her. Her smile is replaced with a concerned look. Apparently there’s some distinction between what you’re displaying and what your doctor concluded from your telephone discussion, and it’s not trivial.
A month and a half of examinations, tests, and missed work later, you get the news, and the news is bad. The illness won’t cause you any infirmity, but it will gradually eat away at your brain. Ordinarily, you’d have about twenty years of life with this diagnosis, most of it with your personality and your body mostly intact, but the progress of the disease in you is faster than any of the specialists have seen.
No one can say with any certainty, but it’s pretty clear that none of them expects you to remain alive for four years. Your body might make it, but your brain will be destroyed. The doctor explains that there are no treatment options available. You sit there with your doctor, in silence, for ten minutes before you trigger."
"When your rich father died, his will was just as spiteful, cruel, and favoritist in death as he was in life - nothing for anyone else in the family, everything for you. The cars, the houses, the investments - all yours. You try to do right by your siblings and mother, but everyone expects you to be a spendthrift, and you can't satisfy them, not when dear old dad already put in a lot of marks against you in their minds, by the long years of favoritism. The stress comes with physical symptoms: insomnia and narcolepsy, physical weakness, the occasional bout of vomiting. Or so it seemed, until you passed out at a friendly game of basketball with some friends. You're rushed to the hospital, and they do bloodwork, finding you've been poisoned. Your stomach curls up in agony as the doctor calmly explains it all to you. The worst of it is - you know someone in your family's responsible, but you don't know who. Or how many. Trigger."
"He took her from you. Killed her with a flick of the wrist, just... got away with it, because of his power. She was the light of your life, and now she's gone. In the aftermath, you feel dead inside. You go to the range to blow off some steam, but it doesn't help. As you pack up, though, you realize something... you can't bring her back, but you can get revenge. Give her, and you, a little peace. He's a local villain, some upjumped street tough with a power. Not for much longer. Hollow point rounds, since you know he doesn't wear proper armor. Your gun tucked into your waistband, you wander around the area he's known to show up, spending a few weeks before you catch sight of him. In the moment, you almost hesitate - but you don't. You pull up your gun, snapping off several shots at him. He doesn't die, though, whipping around at you, a surge of power sliding through the air. The heat warps the air, but cooks you. Your insides are boiling, and you can feel it, your brain only halfway processing it through the agony. The pain burns away all other thoughts, and you trigger."
"You were always restless and stir-crazy, so parkour was a hobby you spent time on to relieve that. Then on a routine physical when the doctor tested your knee with the hammer it ached for a solid minute. Stress fractures, caused by repeated overstress of your legs, but it’s not that serious. He said you’d only need a few weeks off running and you’d be fit as a fiddle, so you figured it must not be that bad. You reduce your routine to every other day and think nothing of it. That is, until your legs actually do give out during an exceptionally strenuous run, putting you in crutches for three months. This time you heed the warnings and you finally get to cut loose again, but you’re out of practice now, halfway across a street your leg twists the wrong way and gives out with a meaty pop. Though it’s late at night, you cannot drag yourself across the street fast enough to avoid the path of a pair of lights speeding towards you. Trigger just as you screw your eyes shut and try to dive to the side fruitlessly."
"The cops took you into the interrogation room, handcuffed you to the table, and then... then they forgot about you. That's your only conclusion, at this point. At first, you thought it was some psychological trick, make you sweat, get some info from you. But you've fallen asleep and woke up, your mouth is dry from no water, and you haven't eaten in hours. There's no real sense of time, here: they took your watch, and there's no clock. You scream, desperately hoping for help... but these rooms are soundproofed, you realize. Another day chained to the table, and you wake up, weak from hunger, the realization that you could legitimately die here finally truly sinks in. Trigger."
"Your husband is a hero. That’s what he forces you to say every day, his sick power coursing through your mind even as the very core of your being wants nothing more than to tell the public how much of a monster he is. But no, year after year he keeps you like some sick cardboard standee to assure everyone of his greatness. You cannot control your own actions, but all this pressure eventually reaches a breaking point when a scandal threatens to sully his good name. Standing in front of the crowds of people, and his gaze burrowing deep into your back, your mouth opens by his command. You know if you bend to him here, you will never be free. Trigger."
"It was the braces that pushed you over the edge. Molly had cost you a fortune, and now Todd was reaching that age, and sure enough, the orthodontist was telling you the same story all over again. Only this time, rent was a lot higher, and your job wasn’t paying any more. If you wait, the situation will get worse, it’ll be more painful, and more expensive, to fix, or it might become unfixable. How would you explain that to Todd when he gets older? That you could afford to fix his sister’s teeth, but not his? No parent wants to have that conversation. So you agreed to help out your cousin. The one who isn’t allowed anywhere near the kids. You just have to stand as lookout. Even if you mess up, and your cousin’s crew are caught, you never knew any of it. You were only in the neighborhood to have coffee with your cousin. Only, when the police officer is putting the cuffs on you, they don’t seem at all convinced. And from what they’re saying, what you’re an accomplice to is a lot worse than what you signed up for. Something went wrong, and people died. As you get into the back seat of the police car, you realize that you may not see Todd’s beautiful crooked teeth in his beautiful crooked grin for years. Trigger as the cop shuts the door of the cruiser."
"You've been cheating on your spouse with someone else who's also married. It's a whirlwind fling that's better than your current situations, and you've both been planning a weekend excursion to a cabin resort. You get there first, and as you pack up you decide to take a shower. you walk out to see the person you're cheating with tied to the bed, shaking and struggling in a panic. Both of your spouses standing there, staring at you. You belatedly note the only exit is at the opposite end of the room. Trigger."
"From the earliest age possible, your parents had you put into extensive ice skating training. Your mother made it to the Olympics, and your father was generally considered a world renowned trainer, so understandably the expectations they held you up to were lofty. The training itself was grueling, giving you little time to anything beyond your studies of the sport. It continued like this for years, with every attempt to live up to your parent's expectations failing entirely. It's not until you hit the cold, well-worn floor of the ice rink for the umpteenth time that you finally realize it. You'll never be able to live up to what they expect of you. Trigger."
"You were out walking back home from a friends house and then the next thing you know, you're in what looks like someone's basement, nothing in it except a bucket of water and the bed you were lying on. The only source of light being a single crappy bulb, and with an intense throbbing pain in the back of your head, you realize a what sort of trouble you were in. You started shouting and screaming for hours, but nobody came. Time passed, but you couldn't tell how much, more than half the water gone in the first day before you started trying to ration it. The throbbing pain in your head grew worse and you started to get sick, feverish infection set in and soon, you were too weak, too delirious to get up , and then your captor, your savior came. They nursed you back to health, spoon fed you when you were too weak to eat, spent time with you when you were lonely, assured you when you were lost in delirium. When your head cleared, you found that you sort of liked them, you were grateful . They didn't have to take care of you or be there for you or /feed/ you but they did, and as time passed, you found yourself growing closer and closer to your captor. Then one day, the police came while your captor was with you. As they tore the two of you apart you found yourself screaming at the police, defending your captor, through your tears. As your torn between hating your captor, and thankful for them, grateful for freedom and sad that your time was over, you trigger."
"You knew as soon as you walked into the pawn shop near your house that you had to buy this guitar. It was a pretty standard Fender, nothing fancy on it’s own, but it was signed by the greatest musician ever. Well, to you. 
He was a small-time musician who, according to the shop owner “had sold this to me so he could afford a bus ticket to the big city. Later, when he was famous, he came back and signed it for me.” When you had asked it how much it was worth, he had laughed. After what felt like forever, you finally enough money to buy it. It was a bit late out, but who cared? You walked to the pawn shop, heart pounding out of your chest. Then you felt the cold press of metal against the back of your neck, and a voice called out; “Give me your wallet, kid.” You pulled it out with shuddering hands, and watched your dreams from the last 5 years go down the drain. Trigger."
"You've been turned into this Tinker psychopath's personal monkey. She grabbed you off the street, injected you with... something, and when you woke up, there was a device implanted in the back of your neck. It controls your body from the neck down. You can look, and scream, and cry, but she mostly ignores you, and when you do it too much, she'll gag you for a while until you ""learn to mind your manners and respect your betters."" She's had you do tons of random crap around the base, and even sleep isn't an escape - your body isn't yours to control, so she can still move it while you slumber. You don't know how long you've been kept down here, in her little Tinker workshop. Probably a month, at least? It all builds up, the ceaseless, tiresome work, the groaning pain of your joints and muscles as the machine works them, the utter lack of any real social interaction or stimulus, just mind-numbing work done continuously, on, and on, long after your body should have given out. You trigger under the stress."
"At the urging of your significant other, a health food guru, you try a new diet. One gallon of carrot juice a day, for ten days straight. The first couple of days were easy, but as time went on, you gradually became sicker, until on the last day, you're barely able to gulp down the last cup. When your SO finally brings you to the hospital, they give it to you straight. You're dying from an overdose of vitamin A, and severe liver damage. Trigger."
"Everyone except your SO is out to get you, and that's a fact you're positive on. They're the only ones you let prepare your food, because you know without a doubt, they'd never betray you. When they're hospitalized, it was a concern, but the concern grew when you realized you wouldn't be able to eat until they got out. How else would you know someone wasn't trying to poison you? It's been two weeks, and you can feel yourself wasting away without the care of your SO. Bottled water solves your drinking problems, the food is an entirely different issue altogether. Eventually, you trigger with the realization that you'll starve before your SO gets out of the hospital."
"One cold winter night you are driving with your spouse along a mountain road and through some trick of fate, whether ice on the road or a miscalculation on your end, you find yourself sliding off the road and plummeting down a cliff-face. You wake several months later at a hospital to an otherwise empty room. After several dauntingly quiet hours, a nurse steps in to see you and is shocked to find you are awake, explaining the circumstances of your coma. Your spouse died violently in the accident, dead before they even reached the hospital and you feel your heart crushed. A short time later, you find out that the hospital has been keeping you in a private room, twisting the system to rack up your medical bills over the past few months and you are now on the verge of financial ruin. Panicked over your sudden debt, devastated by heartbreak, you trigger."
"You hate people. It's been that way since you were young, and always getting worse: you hate talking with them, hate their attention, their constant judgement, the relentless presence and noise of the packed city around you. They're like rats, infesting everything. You grit your teeth and bear it, renting your own apartment and working a lonely job, but there's always landlords and bosses and passers-by stepping just a little too close, and you know you have to get out. You've planned it all: after saving up some money, you buy an old farm in the middle of nowhere, pick up the livestock and crops you'll need to sustain yourself without any outside interaction. It's bliss, for the first few weeks, and you feel like you're finally free of a weight you've been carrying your entire life. But you didn't think it through: you can handle the hard work and the lack of urban comforts, but you hadn't realized how hard it would be to subsist and take care of yourself, and your health rapidly deteriorates. You get sick, horribly sick, and as your insides boil and churn, you realize the only way you're going to survive is to get in your truck and drive back to the civilization you fought so hard to escape. You trigger with the revelation that you'll never, ever be truly free."
"Uncontrolled decompression is one of the biggest dangers to a high-altitude skydiver, and unfortunately, in your effort to break a world record for highest dive, you're getting a firsthand look at it. Your mask has come aloose during the dive, and you can feel yourself gradually starting to lose consciousness. You'll either fall unconscious and be unable to pull the chute, or just die from the decompression. As your vision greys at the edges, your last thoughts are on the inevitability of death - either crashing into the ground at terminal velocity, chute unpulled, or dead of hypoxia, as the insides of your skull and ears tear themselves apart at the pressure differential. Trigger."
"For all of your career, you've followed the appropriate rules and regulations concerning chemical use in the lab. It was like clockwork for you, things you did without even thinking. However, over the past several months you've been growing ill. Burning patches of red, itchy skin, and the random inflammation of different body parts. All the while, your thoughts have grown erratic, irrational, as your mental state gradually begins to deteriorate. It's tearing you and your family apart, one bad hallucination at a time. At first the doctors thought cancer, then some other degenerative condition, but it's not until the seventh month that they figure out the cause of your condition. Dimethylmercury poisoning, after a few errant drops soaked through your gloves, and got absorbed into the skin. After all of your careful methods and caution, it still wasn't enough to keep you safe. Trigger."
"You are a lawyer, and a good one at that. You relish a challenge and a good payout, and as a result have taken many cases where your defendant probably does not deserve to walk. Your client got out scott-free as usual, but this time the wronged party swears revenge. You didn't think anything of it at the time, but now they've got you at gunpoint in a deserted parking garage. You attempt to reason, then threaten, then plead as they closer, but your words are to no avail. They're detailing what they're going to do to you, then what they're gonna do to your body, and all you can do is slowly back up, staring at the gun barrel aimed straight at you. You back up into the wall, and realize there's nowhere left to back up to. Trigger."
"You started getting bullied in high school, and since you had just moved to town with your family, you had no friends and no teachers you felt you could count on to help you, and you weren't the only one they bullied. It wasn't that bad to start with, just getting bumped into in the hallway, getting called names. You thought you could handle it, they would get bored and grow out of it, but all of the sudden the bullying started escalating rapidly. Their other target switched schools making a fuss on their way out, and now with their full attention on you, they brought it up a level. The people bumping into you in the hallway were rougher, like they were trying to knock you down and hurt you, and the the insults started to dig deeper, get more vicious. You couldn't take it anymore, so you decided to go to the principal and get help during lunch. Instead of the principal, you found yourself face to dirty urine filled toilet bowl. As the school year goes by, the bullying gets worse, and when you try to take it to the Principal again, you find out that the last mess left a black mark on the Principal's record for letting it get that far and fixing your problem would leave another mark, admitting that he's let another bullying case develop this far so soon after the last one. Finding yourself facing a dirty toilet once again soon after, you trigger."
"Having seen a popular scary movie, you and your group of friends decide to spend the night in an abandoned building for a night of spooky fun. You sneak in without a problem, and though all of you joke among each other about monsters and creeps lurking in the shadows, the place does seem genuinely abandoned. The night turns out to be a very enjoyable time; you set up some sleeping bags, swap some scary stories, break out some drugs and alcohol, and just have a generally rowdy time. As the night progresses, your friends get a little crazier than you. Though you went light on the alcohol because of a faint feeling of unease, the others drunk far too much booze, took far too much drugs, and eventually started getting fairly out of hand. You try to calm them down but that just makes them even rowdier as they tease you for being a scaredy-cat. They storm around the building, laughing, screaming, and generally trying to frighten each other, really getting into the theme of the night. After a time they find themselves on the roof; they've commenced playing a game of chicken on the ledge to get some ""real fear"" into the night's festivities. One of your friends is standing in a particularly precarious spot, so you approach and attempt to steady him in case they slip. Slip they do, and he reaches out for your hand in order for you to save him. For some reason, you hesitate. Maybe it's the fact that they've all been ignoring you all night? Either way, that split second is enough to seal his fate. He plummets to the earth amidst a chorus of screaming from the rest of your friends before smashing into the ground below, dying as you stand there in shock. Trigger."
"Your mother never told you much about your father, just that it was better that you never meet him. You and your mother moved around a lot, and every once in a while you'd manage to eke out a bit more about your father. That he'd had a dangerous job, and brought that danger home. That he'd changed over the years of their marriage, becoming a harder, more violent man. That she'd left out of fear of what he might do to herself and you. And that he was still trying to find the two of you, even years later. As you got older, you began to doubt your mother's story. You'd never seen any evidence that your father was still chasing you, just your mother's word. It had been more than a decade and half a continent's length, surely he'd given up by now? The next time your mother told you it was time to move you refused. You had friends, you were doing well in classes, you finally had a place where you belonged. You argued with her, both of you growing more and more heated until your mother went into her room, slamming the door behind her. You didn't speak to her for the rest of the evening. The next day, when you get back from school, you see an unfamiliar car in the driveway. And when you enter the house you see a man sitting in your living room, across from your shaking mother. All the old fear comes rushing back as he turns to you. You trigger as he smiles and says ""Hello son."""
"You're homeless and you didn't get the money for a hostel today. You've been warned that there might be a cold snap but there's nothing you can do about it: you've gotten into a fight with the people who run the shelter and don't want to go back there yet. You find a sheltered spot in the city centre, up between two columns. You see people of all walks of life walk past. They'd probably have the money if they stopped but none do so you drift off to sleep. You wake up during the night and realise you can't move and can't feel the cold. You try to lift an arm but it's too sluggish. You try to shout for help but it just comes out as a moan. People drive past, there's a security desk just on the other side of the street and none of them realise anything is wrong. You realise you're going to black out and freeze to death in your sleep. You trigger."
"You're leaving the house, backing the car through the gate in reverse. There's something you've forgotten, but your attention's entirely on maneuvering your car into the street. And then you feel it. The gentle bump under your rear left wheel - Like a ramp, but softer, more yielding, more tender. The immediate knowledge, certain, absolute, terrifying, of what it is. You have five seconds of total silence before your wife begins to scream, as you remember - with crystal clarity - what you've forgotten: Your daughter, toddling out to say goodbye. The horror, disbelief and abject humiliation hit, as you clutch the wheel."
"This is it. The job you've been waiting for. Your whole life you've wanted to work with animals, and you finally got a job in an aquarium. It's super cool... except one of your duties is to feed the sharks. When the person training you does it, it doesn't look so hard. You just stand on that... Balance beam thing, and use the pole to stick the fish into the water. Easy peasy. Right? Except, when it's your turn to do it, you spill a bunch of fish on you. Then you lose your balance, and you go tumbling into the water. You can't swim, and the tank is really deep, and the sharks are curious about this flailing, fishy thing in the middle of their tank, and one takes a bite. Then another, then your head goes under... Trigger as you realize that your dream job was going to be the thing that kills you."
"You've been in your foster family since age three and your mom and dad seemed like the ideal parents. You were encouraged to excel in school and you did because their proud, beaming faces made you feel like they were always your family. Dad passed away too early, but his words kept you strong through his passing. Mom sort of moved on, too...with the help of drugs. Her dealer-turned-new-boyfriend is a nightmare. He beats you, feeds you scraps, and even when you earn your own money, he steals it from your room. There's not much mom can do to stop him, but she does sneak you painkillers after the beatings. One day, the boyfriend walks in on the act of charity, and he angrily takes your mother out of the room, returning alone with the pills. He shoves as many as he can down your throat and starts pouring water into your forcibly opened mouth. You start to pass out from water inhalation, and you trigger as your vision fades. Not long after, the painkillers kick in all at once, and you woozily attempt to use your newfound powers, hitting your mother as she claws her boyfriend away from you. You trigger again at seeing your power horrifically affect her."
"Your mom and dad don't understand. You're a deer! They call it a 'ridiculous fantasy' and talk about taking you to a psychiatrist when they think you aren't listening. But you know, deep down inside, that you're a deer, you have a deer's soul, you were supposed to be born a deer and not a human. You paint your face to look more deerlike, you refuse to eat meat, you study deer, you work and struggle to be more in tune with your deer brethren. Your father tells you that after school today, you're going to go to the psychiatrist, and you freeze, like a deer in the headlights. As he shuttles you off to school, you're already making plans to escape, to run away from your oppressive horrible parents and live in the woods as a deer. In the middle of the school day, you make your escape, prancing off into the woods to finally live free the way you were truly meant to. It's not two hours into your sojourn when you realize you're completely and utterly lost and have no idea where the good spots are to eat grass. This is all your stupid parents' fault! If only they'd accepted you, this never would have happened! Furious at your parents for their part in your current situation, you trigger."
"Redshift was hot, a new sci-fi MMO with a new, slick feel. Its design was heavily reliant on instancing and arenas to make it so you actually could fight and play in real time, every moment intense, not just hitting hotkeys and watching your avatar do things. You got your friends into it too, playing it day after day with them, starting a faction with them. You withdraw from life in general; school, work, everything. You use your savings, get food delivered, play more and more hours. Your friends start to pull back from the game, getting interested in other things, but you try to drag them back, forcibly, unwilling to abandon Redshift. They leave anyway, their accounts going inactive as their subscriptions expire. You trigger when your faction falls below the minimum member threshold and automatically disbands."
"Demanding, but rewarding, that was your job. Then came Optimvigil, a eugeroic - it promotes wakefulness, keeps you active longer through the day. The boss at your workplace started taking it, then told people the name of the doctor who ""prescribed"" it to him ""for narcolepsy."" He started prodding them to also get prescriptions, so that they could work ever longer days as crunch got near. You avoided it, never being one to go for drugs, and some of the side effects were worrisome - sleepwalking, psychosis, glossolalia - so you avoided it. But the work load gets heavier and heavier, the pressure ups, and your boss pointedly comments, ""you look tired, could be narcolepsy."" Still unwilling to take the drug, you trigger under the stress."
"You've always known that your biological father was trying to find you. He hasn't been going at it too hard, but it's still annoying. You have to change names on websites. Be careful who you give information to... but it seems in the past few months he's been unwell. He's been showing up at your family members' places, leaving letters with increasingly garbled text. They don't make sense, but it's clear that they're addressed to you. You up your guard, but still. He's had more chances to harm you in the past. However, one day you're leaving work when you hear footsteps coming towards you. It's your father, and he has a gun. He somehow found out where you work, and he's angry. Wondering why you haven't answered his letters. It's the ravings of a madman... All of this could have been avoided if you had just been more careful. You trigger as he fires off a shot in your direction, his eyes wide with madness."
"It's your first day at a new job, and you're way out of your depth. You're working in a food truck at a crowded music festival. You can't pronounce half the things on the menu, people keep screaming about missing parts of their orders... Your boss has been on your ass all day, screaming and yelling. However it all comes to a head when you accidentally spill some soapy dishwater on the floor of the truck. It's too busy for you to stop and mop it up, and you resolve to take care of it later. But, the fryer is coming up, and your boss is screaming at you to get the food out. You run to make it before everything burns, and you slip on your soapy puddle. You trigger as your arm dunks into the deep fryer, your flesh cooking deep to the bone."
"Since a young age you've always enjoyed sports, while school came across as a challenge and a chore, you found the sports field to be simple and easily understood. So when you were forced to miss a high school game because your physics teacher flunked you, you were naturally pissed off. Thankfully, one of your friends knew the teachers address and another friend had a pick-up truck, so you decided to pull off a classic of high school revenge. Smashing your teachers mail-box. Your friends cheered you on as you lined up the swing from the bed of the truck. A reckoning approaching at thirty miles an hour. As your bat impacted the box, you expected to hear a crunch followed by a feeling of satisfaction, what you got instead was a loud clang followed by a jarring agony riding its way up your arm. Naturally, this is the point when once again physics makes you its bitch. You tumble out of the pick-up. Everything goes hazy as your head strikes the pavement. You hear something crack as you experience the asphalts indelicate embrace. Through the haze and the pain, you vaguely hear the sound of swearing and an accelerating vehicle. As your battered and broken body lies slowly bleeding on the roadway, you trigger."
"God is always watching you. You can feel it. You know it. By the very logic of how omniscience should work, you know he’s aware of your every molecule at all times, your every move, thought, and feeling. It drives you mad, and there’s nothing you can do. You try boozing, and it doesn’t work; he’s still watching. You try to get psychiatric help and it doesn’t work; your doctor was a quack who simply diagnosed you with Paranoid Schizophrenia. But you didn’t have a mental illness; only an iron hard certainty that God was always watching. How nobody else seemed to understand their sheer nakedness in the eyes of the all-knowing, you’ll never understand. Eventually you start to become worn down, panic attacks and health problems cause you to completely drop out of life, and eventually you have a public breakdown due to the nonstop scrutiny, no longer interested in keeping up the façade of sanity as you simply curl up into a ball on the sidewalk and begin to beg God to just turn his gaze away from you for a mere moment. You trigger as you continue feeling his cold stare piercing through your essence."
"It all started as a publicity stunt, you weren’t actually going to light it. This cause deserves the attention, you figured threatening to set yourself on fire would be a really good push and make at least someone listen. The protest was sort of peaceful to begin with, but fuck it, you can’t make an omelette without breaking a couple eggs. People were shouting when you covered yourself in lighter fluid, you made sure you were near the news van filming the protest, everything was set. Then apparently another protester had a bright idea involving fire. You barely have a moment to react as the flaming bottle flies past you and a stray ember ignites you. When you feel the immense heat and pain of every inch of your body igniting at once, you trigger. Upon seeing what they had accidentally done to one of their comrades, the person who threw the bottle triggers as well from the shock."
"You had always loved dogs, they’re steadfast, loyal, and everything about them just makes you so happy inside. When your parents finally decide they want to breed the family dog, you’re overjoyed, it means puppies! You’re old enough, they let you watch the dog over summer vacation in case she gives birth while they’re at work. You had just sat down to watch TV that day when you heard her whimpering from the whelping box and went over to check her out. To your surprise and terror, she was going into labor! Luckily, your parents had told you what to do when this happened and all of the puppies come out fine! You’re so proud, until you realize something. None of them are breathing. Trigger."
"You've learned to cope with the fact that your mother has good days and bad days. Being a single mother with three full time jobs is stressful; you understand that, it's even your mantra at times, but that doesn't make it any easier. When she snaps it's always sudden. A joke turns into a scream, a chair thrown, verbal berating; out of control rage, it's the only way to describe the chaos that ensues. It leaves you in a delicate state, walking on egg shells, unsure of what will cause her to snap next. Unsure of where to turn in a system stacked against you, a female abuser, her being a social worker who will know if you report her, your damning unconditional love for her. Your only solace is school. It's your only escape and you bury yourself in it, with friends, with homework, anything to stay away from her as long as possible. Until the day comes where your mother flies off the handle. She hits you and screams at you incoherently, telling you your grades aren't good enough, you're a failure, that you're nothing but a disappointment. At the peak of her fury she threatens to transfer you out of your school, to homeschool you if she has to. In your shock and horror at the thought of your last safe place being taken from you, you trigger."
"You were always just so... happy. Always happy. Mommy had you take these pills that would keep you happy after your dad died. He was killed by some supervillain, but then she put you on the pills. Pets die, accidents happen, people betray your trust, but you feel fine. Always fine. It can be a little hard to think sometimes, but that's okay! Because you're always SO happy. That is until you have to pick them up yourself. You find they aren't from a pharmacy or a doctor, some shady tinker has been selling these to your mother. You stop taking them, and you feel normal for once. More than just that cloudy, dull happiness for once. After confronting her, you find out you have the potential to be a cape. She screams in your face about how much she hates them, even the heroes. When the argument ends, you sit quietly with the bag of pills. You can't stand feeling this anymore and you hate yourself for wanting one of those pills more than ever right now. Trigger."
"You always held faith that there is more to this world than the physical; buddhism, maybe, but you don't like putting a label on things. Your little passion project left you homeless, with all your friends and family driven away, but at peace. You keep your composure through constant meditation, straining towards a goal. You finally achieve it, a perfect state of mind, when you notice a fellow hobo creeping up on you with knife in hand. You trigger, torn between protecting your physical form at the cost of undermining your faith or remaining in this state of peace with no idea what comes *after* life."
"It started as a love letter in middle school, anonymously written but very, very vulgar. You thought nothing of it besides disgust, and continued as usual. The letters kept coming, eventually containing macabre homemade gifts, some time later the school made a big deal about it and only made it worse. The letters became violent, the gifts sometimes contained pictures of you taken at times you thought you were alone, and you no longer felt safe. The harassment stopped suddenly one day with no explanation, and you lived your life free of the constant torment inflicted by your ‘secret admirer’. Years after the supposed end, you get a piece of mail, with a letter inside and a small locket containing a picture of you all those years ago. On the other side of the locket is a picture of you in your room a week ago. Trigger.
"
"You’re the single parent of two disabled children, and in order to get them the help, they need you drive them to a school that requires a commute of over two hours to get there and go back. The length of the car ride isn't the worst part though, it's their behavior. The two make the back of your car into a war zone, screaming, crying, and fighting over the smallest things. Unable to curtail their behavior leads to regress so that the time they spend at home is miserable. After days of abuse at home and in the car, you turn to alcohol and neuroleptics. The cycle beats you down and on a particularly bad morning, you crash the car, driving it off of the mountain road and through the ineffectual guard rail. Half drunk and exhausted, the vehicle becomes a sick metaphor for your life. The shrill screams of your children become louder than you thought possible, and you trigger as the chaos reaches a crescendo."
"You can't be blamed, really. Six years old and you didn't know any better; next thing you knew, there was boiling water splashed all over you. It left a mark, physically and mentally. Almost twenty years later found you at a fancy Christmas party, chatting with a cute stranger. They were charming, witty, dashing, and you were enraptured. When they offered to show you some magic, a simple party trick, you readily agreed. They placed two steaming mugs of cider on the backs of your extended hands and walked off, laughing. You stood there, petrified, not even able to take your eyes off the mugs to watch their back disappear into the crowd, and every second the heat of the cider bled further through the ceramic. Frozen in place, you trigger."
"You don't know how he convinced you to do it. But here you are at the start of a ferris wheel with your brother. You steel yourself and hold back panic as you begin your ascent. The thought of the growing drop isn't lost on you but push it from your mind. That is, until the the cart stalls at the top. Minutes stretch onwards and you can't fight off your rising terror as you realize this isn't normal. Your brother tries to calm you but he's a faint buzz in the background, your anxiety paramount. Insensible, spurred on by your hysteria you stand. The cart rocks back and forth from the motion, old and rusted hinge creaking. In an attempt to calm you down, your brother reaches to pull you back into a seated position. A bout of vertigo strikes, and you stumble towards him -- and the world upends itself, and you can swear you feel the both of you plummeting headlong into the ground, trapped in a coffin of rust and glass. Trigger."
"You love your parent. They love you too. The other parent was an addict, and taken away by CPS. Despite that, you've never found yourself wanting. Your single parent is a source of love and affection, there for recitals, games, and scraped knees. You're not sure what they do for a living, but they're always back by nine for bedtime stories. One Saturday morning, you answer the door and find a pair of police officers. They show pictures of your parent, handing out brown paper bags to different people. They show a picture of the inside of one of the bags. Drugs. The kind your parent tells you never to use, and if you're offered, to say no to. They give you a moment to process that. Then they ask you to help them bring your parent in. Trigger."
"Years of homeschooling (which focused more on religion than on actual schooling) left you ill-prepared for actual high school. The latest (last?) in a series of politically motivated and statewide bans on home-schooling meant you could no longer attend at home. Made to go to a normal high school, you felt like an alien in a strange land. People told you you smelled. They talked in a foreign language. Your parents were your sanctuary, they reassured, told you that you were the normal one. Yes, you smelled, but that was because you'd been told not to ever touch yourself, touching yourself was shameful, and so you didn't wash. You double checked with your parents and they said it was fine to not use soap or wash there. This was your life, and somehow you found a peaceful equilibrium, secure in the fact that nothing mattered except that you were godly and good. Then hormones started surging. Starved for all your life, you find yourself transformed into a glutton. You start noticing the boys and girls in your classes, and everything arouses. You molest yourself, and are awash in shame after the fact, but it becomes a compulsion, a downward spiral of days of misery and shame interspersed with brief moments of bliss. Then it's daily, then several times a day and sometimes in school, being less and less secretive over time. People give you looks as you reach under the desk and make faces of disgust, but what do you care about ~them~? No. The only eyes on you that matter are God's all-seeing eyes, aware of your every failing and weakness. Invisible and omipotent, the eyes stare down on you as you bite your lip and find release in the back row of the classroom, they judge, and something inside of you breaks. The devil crawls up into your body and consumes you."
"You were always a bystander. Someone on the side-lines. So when a cape fight erupts downtown, you don’t intervene. You watch and wait for it to pass. But then things go wrong: a Shaker effect goes too wide, too deadly. You watch your child be engulfed in it and scream. Suddenly, you can’t be a bystander. You rush forward, knowing there is nothing to do, that it is too late, but you have to reach into the deathly power and reach to your only child and hold them. Just as you are about to pass the event horizon, you're sent back. Another cape is seeking to protect you, to stop what's nothing more than suicide. Without missing a beat, you start running again, headfirst into the danger. You howl and throw yourself again and again, trapped in a loop. It's like wading out to sea only to be thrown back to the shore by a wave, except that while this is happening you see your child dissolve before your eyes. Utterly helpless, unable to even join them in death, trapped in this horrible loop, you trigger."
"You're a bent barely-adult living in Jamaica, and you want out. You've always been good with numbers, and work a series of short-term accounting jobs, and study, and try to act like a normal person. You save up as much as you can, pass your exams, and apply to dozens of universities in other countries-richer and safer ones. Eventually, you get lucky, and one of them agrees to take you at the end of the summer, with enough of a scholarship you can just afford the visa and travel. You're so excited you can barely sleep, and awake to find your blanket fallen off and your arms peppered with mosquito bites. You're a little worried, but the bites don't seem to be doing anything but itching, and you focus your attention on preparing to leave. You blame the headaches, and then the shivering over the next few weeks on exhaustion from your final job, but you can't deny your sickness when the fever hits. Trigger lying in your bed amidst waves of hot and cold as you realize that you'll die exactly as you lived: sick, alone, and here."
"Your whole life has been riding off that stupid movie you did when you were a kid, an instant classic, but your reputation hasn’t exactly aged well. You made some mistakes in your teenage years and the vultures snapped them up, but you learned from it. You cleaned yourself up and started working your career back from the bottom, bled yourself dry for the arts, and with effort you make your way back to a few different roles and cameos. Then the offers stop coming. You can’t ascend further burdened by your mistakes in the public eye and eventually your second fifteen minutes of fame die. You have a few offers, adult movies, your confidence continually ground away from you as each role gets more and more demeaning. It all comes full circle, you even star in an adult version of the movie that brought you fame, and the offers once more dry up. Sitting at your motel room, you catch a glimpse of yourself in a mirror. Disgusted at what you see, you trigger."
"You're young, ambitious, and talented, but gifted at a job that many find immoral. You're one of the reasons why people say lawyers merit a spot in hell, but the company was the one to fuck up. They contaminated the water, dumping plumes of carcinogenic and toxic wastewater into the environment. Dozens of people died and many face lifelong health problems. Breast cancer, Hodgkin's disease, lung cancer, brain cancer, GI cancer, miscarriages, chronic headaches, internal bleeding, kidney cancer, uterine cancer. 
You let an entire community put their blood, sweat, and tears into a case that you squashed in court. It may have been a pastiche of justice, but it certainly paid well. The company gave you enough dough to live comfortably, but now you're paying for your sins. If the vitriol you got the from the media and threats didn't shake you, the pain you're feeling right now is making you sit up and pay attention. This is retaliation, an eye for an eye. Someone has been poisoning you, lining the pipes of your home with the poison in large quantities and you're dying. When blood isn't rushing out with your spit or piss in equal measure, you're in constant pain. The threats are sickening as well, and they're becoming nearly constant as more of your victims take up a spot in the grave. The meds are driving you crazy, literally crazy. Paranoid with chronic pain and bloody incontinence, the doctors decide to give you a hysterectomy in a morbid attempt to ensure your survival. As you're rushed into the operating theater, you begin to hallucinate that the scalpel-wielding surgeon is one of the survivors of the town tragedy. Even in a hospital room a hundred miles away, you couldn't escape them. After the hell your body has been through, you're finally going to get what you deserve. Trigger."
"Your wife had severe social anxiety, keeping herself locked up in your house pretty much 24/7. It wasn't a big deal to you; keeping her safe helped give you purpose, made you feel good. The issue only arose when she got powers. She showed you, almost first thing, because she trusts you completely. She became a sort of wireframe ghost, and then interfaced with you, the thin white lines of her alternate state running along your skin. The connection gave you enhanced agility, strength, durability - she could even shoot blasts, whisper in your ear, see in three hundred sixty degrees. She wanted to try to be a hero, and you decided to help her do it - her power didn't let her control your body, just enhance it. Two months of dealing with petty crimes, you go toe-to-toe with a real villain, winning the fight but getting hit hard a couple times, which your durability helps you weather. Returning home that night, when she starts to disentangle herself, you immediately feel something wrong. You trigger as she breaks off completely and you see more than feel your lower body simply collapse inward, crushed by the delayed damage coming into effect all at once."
"You're finally off your shift in the ER, total time: sixteen hours. Surgical rotations are exhausting. After you’ve left the hospital, as you’re lying in bed about to take a midday nap, the call comes in. There's been a horrific freeway accident. At least six vehicles total, one of them a school bus, and your hospital is the closest one equipped to handle it. Casualties are high. Fifteen minutes and several ran red lights later, you make it back as the first victim comes in. It’s a little girl who reminds you of family. She's in a bad way – you dry-heave as you see what’s happened to her lower half. Adrenaline and purpose staves off your tiredness; you declare you're handling her. One, two, three, four hours later, on the operating table, you and your team lose her. You start blaming yourself, wondering if you hadn't been so tired, so slow, that you might've saved her; if you had let someone else take care of her, if, if, if... Swallowing the guilt, you go deliver the news to the parents. The moment they see your face, they know. While they're grieving and screaming at you for not saving her, you trigger."
"You hate your spouse’s best friend with a quiet passion. They’re dumb, annoying, mean, conniving, etc. Pretty much every negative trait a human could possibly have seems nicely crammed into their skull, and they had been staying on your couch for the last few months while they “looked for a job” and destroyed your home. After many private arguments, your spouse is still adamant that they be allowed to stay, and it puts a huge strain on your marriage. Unable to take it any longer, you eventually snap and decide to simply kill the freeloader. Your spouse’s friend had a mental illness they took meds for, and those meds couldn’t be mixed with alcohol. Which was convenient, because they regularly stopped taking their meds so that they could get drunk; this presented an easy opportunity to dispose of them. You crush up some of their meds and dump it into your bottle of good whiskey, that you knew for sure they’d poach sooner or later. Eventually the day comes; you enter your living room while they writhe on the floor, and to make matters even better, your spouse is at work! You take the opportunity to lean in close and mock them as they die, because you want them to know it was you that killed them. Just then, you hear the lock to your door jostling as your spouse gets home early, causing your brain explode into panic as you realize that their friend wasn’t dead yet and could still expose you. You and your spouse’s friend multi-trigger, you from the threat of exposure, them because they feel their heart stop beating."
"When you were seven years old, you killed your abusive father. You didn't really understand death, at the time, but you knew what a gun was from television, and it seemed so obvious back then... your mother was pretty freshly beaten, and she took on the guilt for herself, claimed she'd shot him. Her lawyer managed to play it as self-defense. Fast forward to the present day, you're in another city, no one knows your history, and you never have to think about it again. You're popular, smart, attractive, everything you could want. Then there's a new transfer, from your old city. They're a little creep, but they Know. They smirk just right when they say just the right things, and they approach you, making innuendo, threatening to out your secret if you don't go out with them. You can't let anyone here know about what happened, it would ruin your life, make everyone think of you differently, but just the smell of them makes you nauseous. ""Hey, now, what would your father say if they saw you hemming and hawing like this,"" they tease, maybe as some kind of sick joke, but the entire situation pushes you over the edge and you trigger."
"Your spouse and you were on your way back from a party, pretty fucking damn drunk as you drove on some quiet street late at night. A kid, another car, just incompetence - you don't even remember right. You careened off the road, your car flipped, caught in a ditch. Emergency response didn't realize you were there for twelve hours, and by that point your spouse was dead, and no BAC test was going to find you legally drunk. As you lie in a hospital bed, a cast on one of your legs, bandages on your stomach, you can't feel anything but intense guilt. They're dead, and it's all your fault, because you decided to drink and drive. Trigger."
"You were an accident. Not even an accident between your parents, you were the result of an affair. Plain to the most oblivious observer, you aren’t your father’s kid, but you wish you were. He’s always been hard at work to keep you and your mom living well, he raised you and you consider him one of your best friends, he’s saved you from your own mistakes even more than you can imagine. There’s always been that look he gives you when he sees you though, he’ll never admit it but he has never once seen you as his real child. It came as a shock when it was found he had an inoperable brain tumor, and seeing his clock ticking down caused you to spend more time with him in hopes that just once he’d not have that expression when he looks at you. It all culminates on his deathbed, he’s not crying as he holds your hand and gives his last words to you, but you aren’t listening. As he passes, that look of distaste never leaves his face, until it softens into a pale mask of death. Trigger."
"Your boyfriend has family in Spain, they hate you but he said that he’d be fine on his own, so you stayed at home for the week he was supposed to be back for his sister’s wedding. You were waiting for him to walk through the door that last day, stayed up until the sun was up the next morning, but he never showed. Worried, you took it on yourself to call his family, and he had been involved in a car accident that day on the way to the airport. Nobody had called to tell you, he’s likely not going to survive for much longer, and the chances of a recovery are almost none. You scrape together the money to fly over, he needs to see you, he said he’d be stronger for you, he’d pull through. You know that isn’t true, and as you rush to the hospital directly from the airport you demand to be told which room he’s in. The hospital staff refuse to tell you, you aren’t permitted, and nobody in his family will vouch for you. You sit in the waiting room, agonizing, he said he’d be stronger for you, but you aren’t coming, you can’t. He’s going to die without seeing you one last time, think you didn’t care enough to come, and you’ll never be able to see his smile ever again. As you scroll through the pictures on your phone, you come to the first one you took together. The last words you exchanged pop into your head. “Don’t worry, I’ll see you again soon.” Overcome with grief, you try to force your way to his ward, fighting off security in a half-lucid, grief-stricken state. Restrained and escorted off of the premises, you trigger."
"It's about one in the morning, but you're up and about, walking in the dark streets towards a convenience store, hungry. It's on your way there when you see a cape in front of you, one you recognize. A new solo cape, more violent vigilante than hero. They've been known to enjoy beating on the crooks before letting the PRT or the police handle them. They're looking at you and they look angry. They rush you, and before you have time to tell them that you're innocent, they smash your face into the floor and you're out. When you wake up you're in a room, alone, cuffed to a chair. After a couple of minutes they come in, holding a suspicious looking bottle of pills. At this point, you're too scared to talk, so that's when they tell you they've poisoned you with something fast acting, so you'd better hurry up and tell them what they want to know or else you wouldn't get the antidote. When you insist that you don't know what's going on, and that's when they start listing off the the side effects, nausea, skin on fire and then after that, death. If you'd really looked at the bottle, you would've seen the scratched off ""Vitamin"" label. You're about to beg for your life, tell them you're not who they think you are but that's when you feel the nausea, then a tingling, itching heat on your skin. You trigger, convinced you're going to die."
"You told them everything. You even opened up to them about your anxiety, telling them the niggling sensations that makes your head into a prison. Your honesty and openness only made the wound deeper at the end of it. When the claims about them pursuing someone else came out, you didn’t believe it, dismissing it as fabrications of the teenage rumor mill. However when the claims about them pursuing most of your friends came out, you started asking questions. They were dismissive, bringing up your intimate confession and calling you paranoid and self-deluding. Gaslighted, you believed them rather than your own fears and the claims of others for another year. The inevitable evidence of their screwing someone else comes out, texts and videos that can’t be denied or misconstrued. Its proof, undeniable proof and even after years of delusion and denial, you finally see it. Suffering a panic attack brought on by the emotional cocktail of shame, fear, sadness and heartbreak you trigger at the horrific realization that your ex was right; you can't trust your own mind."
"Having been taught an “abstinence-only"" sexual education, you were practically bound to get pregnant in highschool. It wasn’t a good situation for anyone, you weren’t prepared for motherhood and a few months into the pregnancy you bit the bullet and got an abortion. Your school made a big deal about the pregnancy, threatening expulsion at one point or another, but when you terminated the pregnancy you thought you were safe, but you were wrong. Your theology teacher paused his regular condemnation to mention you and the hot topics of premarital sex and abortion, putting your picture next to a bullet-pointed list of criticisms from their divine. Humiliated and maligned as another example of “whore” and a “baby killer” to the other students, you trigger."
"You were beaten into unconsciousness by a thug on the street, but that didn't make you trigger. It was afterwards. Your spouse was always very physical in their affection - lots of hugs and kisses, that sort of thing - and when you get released from the hospital, they're even worse. Only now, your brain's flipping out about it, their hugs calling to mind the fear and terror you experienced that night. You try to explain it, but they don't listen, they just keeps doing it anyway, saying things like ""We're married,"" and ""How are you going to get over it otherwise."" You think you're home alone, cooking lunch for yourself, when they suddenly grab you in a hug from behind, and you enter full panic mode, believing you're being attacked again. In your frantic flailing, you knock them to the ground, and they hit their head on a countertop, bleeding as they lie on the ground. Blood still rushing in your ears, you trigger at the sight."
"As the judge finishes their verdict, you feel the walls close in on you, the handcuffs already seeming tighter. Worse than the life sentence or even the promise of 15 years of solitary confinement (enough to drive anyone insane) is the way these idiotic cogs of the system feel they can judge you, dissect you and analyse you. They look at your murders as the result of some defect they found in your brain which they trace back to your childhood. As if you were nothing but a machine broken by a hit to the head so many times weaker than the blows you inflicted upon your victims. Judged, dehumanised, trapped and facing fifteen years of hell, you trigger."
"You were drunk for just a night, but apparently you said some things that ticked off some people at the bar. Powerful people. Next thing you knew, you were hanging upside down in a dark storage unit, then they started “testing” these weird abilities they have. They laugh as your innards are pulled around inside you, it only gets louder when one of them starts causing your skin to flake off like shell on a hardboiled egg. The final straw is when one of them walks up to you and locks their lips around yours, then a cool fluid starts working its way up into your throat. As it begins clotting up and hindering your breathing, you trigger."
"As a kid you were always just one of the smart ones: gifted student curriculums, expedited test prep, the works. It was only natural that you were the smartest person in the room, even compared to your teachers. This eventually leads you to questioning the lies you've been told. Deep down, you know the damn reptilian ""capes"" control the world, you just have to prove it. After dropping out of the brainwashing program known as college, you start investigating the whole cape conspiracy. One day, you get lucky: you spot a reptilian out of costume and confront them. The beast is much larger than you, and the confrontation doesn't get far before it naturally retaliates. Choking on the pain, you can't even process the vindication you want to feel, overshadowed by the knowledge that the truth will die with you. Trigger."
"You have extended family in South America, and yours is very big on visiting, it's a yearly thing. This time at your insistence you practically beg to tour the rainforest, having finally decided on your life's career, wildlife biologist. Despite your guide's warnings to pay attention, you’re too distracted by the beauty of the place, too distracted by the heat and humidity to notice everything around you, the sounds of the rainforest almost hypnotic, and you...need to pee. You communicate that to the group, and take a quick walk away from the group. That’s when you stumble upon a nest of warrior wasps, disturbing them in the process. They start pouring out of the hive by the hundreds and before the idea of running even forms, the wasps are on you. You start running and screaming as they sting, away from the group, and by the time you get any distance from the nest you’ve already been stung countless times. A few moments later, the pain drops you, and it starts to hurt too much to even scream. Moments after that, it becomes hard to breathe and you manage to wonder through the pain if you’re going into anaphylactic shock or just plain old stung-a-hundred-times shock. Asphyxiating as your diaphragm swells and contracts, growing more lightheaded by the second, and screaming incomprehensibly with pain, you trigger."
"You have a very rare, congenital heart condition. For much of your life, it's been just arrythmia, an irregular beat to your heart, but as puberty hit it started to get worse. Random collapses when your heart just skipped a few beats. Your body dying by fits and starts. You're put on the organ donor list, but spare hearts are rare and you don't know how long you have. As time ticks slowly forward, the condition growing worse, you start to look into... alternatives. Other countries, other places, where you can just buy the heart you need. Dissidents killed in the C.U.I., their organs harvested and sold overseas for tens of thousands of dollars. You're still living with your parents, but you have money from a late grandparent, and you try to get in contact, knowing that if you don't you'll die, and probably pretty soon given how much worse it's gotten. Only, when you go to meet them, it turns out that the person you found isn't a real organ seller - it's an FBI sting to catch people like you. Even if you don't wind up going to jail, you're fucked now. Now you're a dying kid in an interrogation room. Trigger."
"Your older brother was always the favorite. Your parents loved him more than you and it was obvious. They always had time for him but you had to plead and nag for days to get any kind of attention. The entire family would drop everything to see him play sports, but you were luckily if anyone showed up for your recital. But despite the way people treated you, your brother was always on your side. He would take you away when dad and mom started fighting and drinking, he stood up for you at school, and when mom and dad got divorced and things got too violent to stay at home, he took you with him when he moved out. It isn't easy, living just the two of you, and you're not old enough to find any meaningful work to support the two of you, but somehow, he manages to keep things afloat. Months pass, no contact with your parents, savings fluctuating but generally dipping into the negatives, and you're hopeful that you can pick up a job after your birthday, but one day, it's not your brother who returns home late as always, but a police officer. The officer gravely informs you that your brother was murdered by a junkie as he was dealing, and whatever comes after you don't really process. It's not the fact that he turned to selling drugs to support you as much as it is the fact that the only person who cared about you has died, but then the officer says something that cuts through the shock like a cold knife - you, a minor, have to move back in with your family. And this time, you realize, you'll have to do it with nobody on your side. Trigger."
"You had a pretty hard life starting as early as you can remember. Your broken home was too poor to afford any sort of comforts except the news through a shitty TV. You came to love the cape exploits you saw as a way of escaping your station. As you grew up, you delved further into the interest, learning about all the little details. Trigger events stand out the most to you, and in the back of your mind you think it's something that could happen to you. You're at least aware of how bad you have it so maybe there's a chance. This mindset goes on as you fail to perform well in academia, as you fail to hold down a job, and as you ruin every opportunity you get. Every day you go without becoming something better is a day spent wallowing. Maybe part of you wanted it so badly you sabotaged your own life. This realization turns the obsession into resentment, and you come to hate the existence of powers and you wish you never learned about trigger events. The collective mental strain of your whole life lands on you at once and you lose the last shred of hope you ever had. You trigger."
"There is a complex of storm drain tunnels near where you live, accessible from a deep artificial swale off to the side of the main road passing near your house. Among the local teenagers there are myths that in the past it was used as a hangout for drug dealers, and that they stashed their money there before going missing one day; as the stories go, they were butchered by native American ghosts. Though most don’t dare head down there because of the stories, many enterprising youths have made their way into the tunnels looking for the money, and that’s what brings you to those dank halls. You explore for a long time, extremely spooked but determined to get the cash… until your flashlight dies. Trapped in the inky darkness by yourself you spend what feels like hours trying to find an exit by following the walls with your hands until you finally just panic and begin running. This is a bad idea because eventually the floor disappears from underneath you and you go crashing down into an unseen abyss, breaking your leg and concussing your brain when you slam into the ground. Trapped in the pitch black with nothing but your pain and fear, you fumble around uselessly, unable to figure out a proper course of action in your doomed state. Your hands brush against an object, and in your paranoia and fright you assume it must be a human skull and immediately trigger; this would be your fate."
"She was way, way out of your league, and you should have known better. Nobody would laugh that hard at your shitty jokes. The handcuffs were a bit much, but hell, she said she'd let you put them on her next time. So you're on the bed, hands cuffed to the post, and she starts kissing you, on the lips, this deep, heartfelt kiss with plenty of tongue. So much tongue that it presses against your esophagus, and slithers down your throat into your stomach. You struggle in horror, but you lack the leverage to stop her. Then you feel whatever she's shoved inside your body suddenly sprout spikes and start ripping your internal organs out, pulling them up towards your throat. Trigger in pain and total bodily shutdown."
"You find yourself strapped into a chair where you can't even move your arms, legs, or head. For the past two days, these guys have been asking you questions, but you don't have any fucking clue what they're talking about. Whatever they're interested in, you're not really involved. So two days of some moderately enhanced interrogation later, you're still not talking. This seems to frustrate your interrogator. ""No, I have something that never fails."" He pulls out this pick and a tiny mallet, going on and on about the ice pick lobotomy. That's when he takes the tip of the ice pick and works it between your eyeball and skull, slowly pushing it over the top of the eye and against the skull at the back of the eyehole. He asks again, you once again say you have no idea. Then the mallet taps against the pick, sending shockwaves of pain into your body. He stops. ""Next tap and I'm in. Tell me or else."" Not only will it hurt, but you're about to lose everything that makes you, you. You trigger as he pulls the mallet back for his final swing."
"After an accident that took your dad and little brother, you're all your mom has left. All her love, all her expectations, all her disappointments, and all her delusional parental pride. Since all you have left is each other you, want to make her proud. After a period of hard effort, you start to ace all your classes, leading your mom to believe that her little angel is a genius. She starts pushing for harder classes to challenge you; wanting to keep her happy and proud, you push yourself to meet her expectations. You aren't a genius, and it's hard, but you manage. Through the years, it gets harder and harder until you're sacrificing your social life, just to keep up with your mom's image of you, the weight of her expectations crushing you down. You've got no breaks, and now you're in highschool. Your mom wants you in all AP courses, you've wanted to have a social life for years. You bring it up to her before the school year starts, and she gets angry at you, thinking you’re being lazy. It’s happened before, and each time you convince yourself that you can keep going but this time it’s more than overwhelming. So you take a risk, telling your mom about what this has been doing to you, how that study time isn’t just hard work on top of talent, it’s because there is literally no other way for you to keep up. Her anger make it easier to stay afloat in all this, giving you reason to fight against it. As she comes to realize that her little angel isn’t all that, her disappointment turns into disgust, your anger into shame, more crushing than the weight of your workload over the years. Trigger."
"It’s your first day of university, your very first class as a matter of fact. And you have a major case of diarrhea. You don’t know what caused it, the lack of sleep, the hot wings you ate last night, the nervousness at starting a new chapter in your life, some combination of the three? It didn’t matter, what did matter was that you were intense pain and felt like you were about to explode. But you held it in because you didn’t want to walk out of your first class halfway through, and you also didn’t want to use a public bathroom if you didn’t have to; it would be too embarrassing to have someone hear you, so you would have to go back to your dorm and use the precious bathroom there. The class takes agonizingly long, but eventually it does end and you quickly rush out of the class, throwing away the idiotic notions you had the night before about introducing yourself to the professor and trying to make friends with the other students. You make it halfway home before you realize that you cannot take another step with shitting yourself on the crowded sidewalk, so you just freeze in your tracks. The pain is unbearable, but you think you can withstand it… until you can’t. With a cacophonous rush of feces, you ruin your underwear and entire life right then and there. Trigger."
"You’ve always been deep into the occult: A lust for supernatural power courses through your veins. Parahumans? Who cares? What you were after was legitimate magic, and you were willing to do anything to make headway into the supernatural underground you knew existed. After months of research you come upon a ritual you believe will allow you to summon a demon, who should be able to exchange your humanity for occult might. The ritual is long and daunting, but it ultimately goes well, at least, as far as you could tell from your inexperienced spot in the middle of the ritual circle. As the surrounding candles quickly gutter out, you believe you can just make out forms moving behind you out of the corner of your eye and in the mirrors you’ve surrounded your circle with, However, you are left in darkness before you can get a good look. The sensation is not what you expected. You expected to be exhilarated, but instead the idea of being trapped naked of protection in a pitch black room with an avatar of primordial evil terrifies you to your core. As you tremble in fear, alone in the dark, you believe something brushes up against you; this causes you to completely lose your mind in panic as you believe you’re being robbed of your immortal soul. You trigger in an explosion of buyer's remorse."
"Your father is a local youth pastor, and you’re self-aware of the fact that his influence and example is the only thing keeping your character in a state of relative normalcy. For the longest time you’ve known that there was something wrong with you; you never really seemed to feel emotions like the other kids your age, and if you didn’t follow your father’s guidance you know for sure that you would have gone off the deep end a long time ago. This is because the only thing that makes you feel happiness is violence, it just gives you a rush of emotions you can’t enjoy otherwise. Killing small animals in secret is one of the only small allowances you make for yourself to keep you balanced while you otherwise play the role of the good child, desperately trying to make your dad proud and keep up the charade. Today you’re torturing a squirrel to death in the woods when you hear a snapping twig and turn to see one of the other kids in your father’s youth group staring at you in horror and disgust. When they rush away at full speed you move to give chase, your mind alight with vague ideas of killing them before they reveal your secret. You trigger as you realize that you won’t be able to catch them and that you’ll be outed as an evil freak soon. The same disgust etched on that kid’s face will soon be etched on your dad’s."
"The hedgerows flash past as your headlights catch them from moment to moment. You’re out driving alone, in the pitch black, along cramped winding country roads. The foliage towering in from one side would incite claustrophobia, if it wasn’t for the steep drop off to your left. That’s when you come across another set of headlights in front of you. Your fear spikes as you realise what it means: one of you needs to back up, find a spot for the other car to slide past and the other driver doesn’t seem so interested in being helpful. You begin edging back, slowly, the seconds stretching into minutes as the darkness behind just seems to grow, as the stink of the clutch begins to swamp the car. Then you feel the car shift and in a moment you are certain if you move any further back, the car will tip and send you plummeting down. You’re petrified, unable to move, but the other driver doesn’t care. They keep coming and now they are blaring their horn at you. God, they’re going to push you right over the edge. Trigger."
"A seemingly trivial cosmetic surgery, one ~downstairs~ (circumcision, labial shortening, etc) goes bad, leading to life-threatening complications (necrosis, infection). Vanity and fear of judgement lead you to keep quiet and delay treatment in hopes it gets better. It doesn't - you collapse and are taken to a hospital, triggering in the midst of the intense pain, fear for your own well being, and humiliation as you realize your family are going to discover what happened."
"After all those cool triggers, you're the unlucky bastard who triggers from getting dysentery. Yes, dysentery. You almost shit yourself to death, even though you live in a first-world country."
Severe debilitating asthma attack while heading home late at night to see a friend with nobody around to help
"A head injury leads to skill-oriented amnesia. You lose the ability to perform basic tasks like writing and operating a doorknob, tying your shoes. Everyone's supportive, but they can't understand your frustration. In a fit, almost insane, you get into a car and drive off- or try to. Hurt and borderline deranged, you trigger."
Watched his family's shipping business fall to pieces after devastation to ports by Leviathan made things fall through.
"You try to run away from home to escape an unpleasant home condition. Your packing is discovered before you can leave. Your parents hold you down and force sleeping pills down your throat. When you wake up, you see them unpacking your bags, remarking on how well-planned this was for someone obviously crazy and unstable, and you trigger while listening to their commentary."
"You're in a plane when the engine fails, the captain making reassurances you can hardly believe as you can see the smoke blowing right past your window. Doomed to a flying coffin, you trigger."
"You fall into an underground cave system through a sinkhole, stumbling around in the pitch blackness. You trigger when you finally give up any hope of escaping the caves"
"You had juvenile diabetes, and your feet don't have the sensations of the rest of your body. Imagine the horror when you woke up to find that your pet Fluffles had eaten part of the foot and the toes of your right foot, trying to 'save' you from infected tissue."
"At a party with friends, you try a drink mixed with liberal amounts of DXM (Cough syrup) and other drugs. The trip was okay, though not ~all~ that, but ever since about a week after, you've suffered from perpetual night terrors. Three or four hours into every single fucking night of rest, you experience the worst sort of nightmares, ones you can't wake yourself up from, frequently with sleepwalking and fits of inconsolability after the fact. Sometimes twice in a night. Frustrated, unable to find a solution, you trigger."
"You became a teacher to positively influence children. You knew the system was broken, but you thought you could work within it. You were wrong. You watch helplessly as your students struggle with the dry material you're forced to teach, as they get suspended for minor infractions, as those that should be expelled get slaps on the wrist. At every juncture where you could make a difference, your hands are tied. In particular, there is one child being bullied mercilessly that you wish you could help. One day, he snaps and threatens your class with a gun, but you take advantage of his hesitance and start to talk him down. You'll never know if you could have done it - he is shot down by police mid-conversation. Weeks later, you are in an unrelated meeting with the parents of one of the kids who bullied him. They are screaming at you about their angel's grades, and your vision goes red around the edges as the waves of bullshit crash over you. Trigger."
"You never believed in soulmates, but then you met that one person at the bus stop. They were funny, they were gorgeous in their own peculiar just-for-you way, they gave you a look and you know they felt the same spark, they were so disconcerted after they met your eyes. You started catching the bus at odd hours, just to sit a few seats back to watch them. You contrived to steal their phone, to get their name and contact info, and hunted down every detail you could, wrapping yourself up in their very being. You found their home, and you eventually found your way into their home. You've never been more alive than when you lay in the dark space beneath their bed, listening for every breath, every movement. You took treasures, articles of clothing and trinkets, to keep a bit of them with you, and you benevolently put jealousy aside when they brought lovers over, and yearned only to hear their pleasure. Until one of their partners bent down to pick up a discarded shirt and saw you under the bed."
"Tonight's the big night, your first gig in front of a real audience in a real venue with your band behind you. When you get onstage, however, everything goes wrong: Mic squeals, your drummer is too drunk to keep time, your guitarist slices open his hand, and your bassist gets kicked out for hitting on a married woman in front of her husband. You realize nobody is ever going to know how good you are--not even you. Trigger."
"Your parents are idiots. The more therapy sessions they drag you to, the more it becames painfully obvious. They want you to connect with people, be this fucking bullshit social butterfly. It just isn't gonna happen. You don't like people, they're all shit on the inside. Noone is an exception, especially not yourself or your parents. After the 5th therapist's 7th session, you snap. You scream at them. You berate them. You tell them how fucking stupid they are, and how much you hate them. Your father slaps you across the face, and you trigger."
"As a toddler, you burned your mouth badly enough drinking colorful bottles from under the sink to fuse it shut as it healed. You spent what felt like years on IV, sticking needles into yourself day in and day out, until you got an operation that left you with a horrific slit instead of a normal mouth. Even afterward, out of habit, you never breathe through your mouth. Some time later, you are cornered by colleagues (coworkers/classmates/as appropriate) and harangued, presumably for your horrible appearance. You can't believe they can be so callous. When one of them, incredibly, calls you a ""mouthbreather,"" your limit is up. That doesn't even make sense! You never do that!"
"Your neighborhood was the sort of lower class area where you had to join a gang to get by. Don't, and you're the gang's target. So you put on the right colors and passed the initation, and you fly under the radar, only going when and where you're told to go. It keeps you safe, and it was supposed to keep your family safe. Except you watched as your little brother got caught up with Lacie, cousin to the head of the gang, a psychotic meth head. You expect him to break away, to break it off and deal with the flak, even pressure him, but he doesn't find the courage or the opportunity. Family is sacred, but you can't go against the gang, and you can't watch your brother get turned into the worst kind of tweaker, a toy to be used and abused. You've lost twenty pounds from the stress and the worrying, and you aren't sleeping, even though you know it's leading you closer and closer to a very stupid decision. Sitting awake in your bed with your back to the corner at three in the morning, you trigger."
"Roll again, but there's a catch. You're a chimera - when you were a fetus/pre-fetus in the womb, you partially absorbed a non-identical twin, and parts of your body/brain have different DNA than other parts. For most of your life, this didn't matter, except to give you a faint calico pattern to your skin when you got a heavy tan (different DNA, different melanin), and mismatched eyes (different DNA to each eye). When you trigger, though, well, the shard connected to a specific DNA profile - only one of your two DNA patterns."
"You try to kill yourself, pills and chemicals, and succeed only in mangling your insides beyond all repair. Chronic, endless pain and an inability to eat without making it all worse."
"You met some like-minded people on an internet message board, disaffected youths and middle aged people alike, all badly depressed with no outlet, and you formed a suicide pact with a group of them, agreeing to meet up in a nearby city and go out as a group. When the event came about, however, you had enough fun that you had second thoughts, and you weren't the only one. Except when you discussed canceling the pact, one member was insistent on going through with it, accelerating the car and steering it toward a steep drop. You trigger simultaneously with the others who wanted to live."
"Very apologetic thugs kidnap you. In the car ride, as you lie in the back seat, blindfolded and cuffed, they tell you they're in debt to a fighting ring, but none of them are in fighting shape, too beaten, bruised, or unable to walk. They hint at the horrors, the beatings, and brain damage... and they tell you that you're their 'out'. They promise you they'll give you a fifth of the proceeds... just a minute before you're uncuffed, your eyes uncovered, and you're left surrounded by fence, angry gang members, and four other people who are intent on beating your face in."
"You grew up in a bad part of town. Stealing cars started as a joke, a trick you could show your friends. It became a real job, working for two gangs at once, and maintaining good relations with both. You could break into a car and hotwire it in a good minute, and you had a contact with the local police to clue you in when there was a bait car on the streets - a car set to lock the doors and shut down the engine if someone tried to steal it. You weren't prepared, however, for a car with built-in tracking. Five minutes after stealing it, heading to a local gang's place to drop it off, you end up in a police chase, no less than six cars and a chopper on your tail. Your usual escape techniques fail, using the airport's protected airspace to lose a chopper. You realize, belatedly, that you're not going to be able to get away. You're caught, it's just a matter of a minute or two, now."
"You and a partner spent months harvesting copper from an abandoned building, moving in deeper and deeper. Your friend made a major mistake, though, cutting into a live cable and frying in front of your eyes. Unable to help, you fled.. but could you have helped? You tell yourself, after guilty internet searches, that he was dead immediately, that the thrashing and the sounds were just the electrical spasming... but it gets to you. People asking what happened to your partner, his mother coming to you and asking outright if you knew what happened. Others are more suspicious of you. And still, nobody has found the body, has even gone into the building as far as you know..."
"It started when you were sixteen, and your best friend got food poisoning, nearly dying. You developed a fear of being poisoned. It was mild, a minor inconvenience here or there, just to be safe. Cooking meat well done instead of medium-rare. Cleaning off surfaces. Instead of relieving the anxiety, everything you did compounded it, fed it like it was a hungry thing within you. Cleaning off surfaces, keeping everything in plastic bags, until plastic bags started to accumulate and pile up. Sealed plastic totes piled up, the contents long forgotten, because it was easier to leave them alone than to tamper with them. Easier to store things than to get involved with the garbage cans. Your friends intervened, you spent six weeks in a hospital, recovering, and you got medicine to calm you down and break the anxiety spiral. Two weeks into your recovery, you went out to dinner with your friends. Halfway through your meal, you watch in silent horror as a mother strips off her child's diaper and starts changing him. Right on the table. Just like the table you're sitting at. You smell it, and the fumes mean particles are in the air. They've been on your food. Other people might have done this. Everything's contaminated. Everything can make you sick, and because you haven't been sick in years, your immune system is unpracticed. Weeks of anxiety hit you like a wave, a certainty that if you move or breathe the wrong way, you'll die vomitting and shitting your guts out."
"You're a momma's girl/boy. She takes care of you, doting upon you at all times possible. She's your best friend, maybe even your only real friend. Suddenly, without warning, she goes missing. You wait for days, weeks, months. Finally, her body is found in a local river. She committed suicide by jumping into one of it's tributaries on her way home from work. You trigger upon hearing the news."
"You're up at your family cabin, packing things up for the winter and doing a general cleanup of the area between the cabin and the surrounding woods, when you fall through the ground. The first thing you register is the smell, like death and everything foul in the world. The second thing you register is that your feet are wet. There's no traction, and it's dark. It dawns on you - your cottage has a working toilet. The sewage has to go somewhere. You fell into the septic tank, no help is coming, and escape is a tiny hole ten feet over your head."
"You were kidnapped by a fringe group of locals, black sheep of a rural community who thieve and frequently protest about the vile condition of society, particularly gays and parahumans. You're made to marry their son/daughter, apparently to bring your wealth and status into their family. It wasn't the marriage that got you. It was the tattoo they gave you to make you part of their clan. You triggered at seeing the half-done image, and then you triggered again as they attacked you en masse."
"You managed to cobble together the money to go on a backpacking trip through Europe. You visited all the key points, partied, camped, visited hostels, and all that. One of the capstones of your trip, however, is a place of a different sort of beauty. Moscow, Russia's old capitol. Not technically allowed, you skip past boundaries and borders. You're careful as you explore the burned husk of the area, burned buildings, shattered landmarks, you take the radiation pills, and solemnly follow the path that Behemoth walked, taking photos. Then the rain falls. It's almost refreshing, beautiful, the water contrasting the burned city, and you snap more photos. But your vision blurs, your eyes sting. Your skin and scalp start to prickle, then sear. When you open your mouth to gasp, it makes your teeth hurt and your mouth sting. Blinded, burning all over, you stumble for meager cover, but it's insufficient. Not radiation, but acid and industrial chemicals heavy in the local rain and water. You can't see to use your phone, and moving hurts. Breathing hurts, as the moisture in the air makes your throat burn. Curled up in the fetal position, trying and failing to shield yourself from the downpour with your jacket and bag, you trigger."
"You go on vacation with your significant other, during which you both take part in an undersea tour within a small submersible. Something vital breaks. As the small vehicle slowly runs out of oxygen, hurtling towards the crushing depths, you trigger."
"There have been a string of violent break-ins in your neighborhood. You're frightened, but you manage to cope...until your spouse leaves on a business trip, despite you begging them not to. The next three nights are a hell of nightmares and imagined noises. On the fourth night you hear someone at the front door, and rush to defend yourself in a frenzied terror. It isn't until after you have felled the intruder with several skull-crushing swings of a baseball bat that you realize it is your spouse, returning early from their business trip. You trigger."
"You have always been spoiled. Your father was a tinker for the PRT. He always made sure to make you cool gadgets in his off time, and to give you a life of luxury. He dies of non-cape related causes, and life goes on. You squander all of your inheritance in less than a year, and the gadgets fail one by one. You trigger when all of your credit and debit cards are declined at a shopping mall."
"You get intoxicated at a party and decide to do the responsible thing and walk back home. Things seem to be going well (or as well as they can go when you can't put a foot in front of the other on a regular basis) until a unexpected storm breaks out. As you try to go back home you get drenched and lost. You puke on the ground and think that you are going to die on the sidewalk, completely alone. Trigger."
"You got a tattoo to commemorate graduating University without debt. The tattoo wasn't the problem. The artist was top-notch, picked because he knows how to work with dark skin. The design was fantastic. You were damn careful because it's your body, and you've always cared about your appearance. Which isn't to say it turned out well. Keloid scars appeared and swelled after the first session, knobby, rubbery, hard growths of scarring, all across your back and your arm up to your elbow, forming what's almost a flat sheet of scar tissue. It's so horrible that you can't even think straight. You trigger at the dermatologist's office, as they explain that cutting them off would only risk making them grow larger, and you'll likely need to commit to therapy and exercises for much of your life to keep the scar tissue flexible and your back/arm mobile."
"When the PRT set up a small three-parahuman office in your no-name town, you worried a bit. You'd made something of a living skirting the law, never any one thing like stealing cars or selling drugs, but your family was badly off enough that you collectively did shady things, like take stuff off the back of a truck, con the gullible and fake disabilities for support checks from the government. Others said the heroes weren't a problem, that they'd focus on the handful of supervillains and keep the peace. But it didn't work out that way. The heroes backed up the police, and the police started bending the rules, much as you had. Going too far, being violent, trying to impress the guys and girl in the flashy costume, with the ability to lose paperwork in the shuffle between the PRT and the local PD. You watched as the police started to get aggressive, attacking people and openly stealing from those who had almost nothing. They humiliated people, and even tortured some, shooting them with tasers for no reason at all. Claims surfaced that people had been violated in other ways, and you weren't sure what to believe, because things were that bad. The law had turned lawless. You trigger when out-of-uniform police catch you shoplifting, take you out underneath a bridge and waterboard you for kicks, and there's nothing you can do with capes standing on the sidelines, laughing."
"A deranged loner in a gas mask enters a university and plants cases of mixed chemicals, producing vast clouds of ammonia that fill the school. People are dying, there's no clear escape routes, and authorities are slow to gather the necessary equipment to get inside and get people out safely. You're one of several people to simultaneously trigger, gaining a host of powers."
"You wake up, venturing into the kitchen for your morning cup of coffee, only to discover that a trio of men have broken in through your back door and are raiding your place. They accost you, and they tie you to a chair with wire, so tight that you quickly lose circulation in your hands and feet. You can feel your extremities dying, but your pleas for them to loosen the wire are only answered with threats and slaps, when they're answered at all."
"You're in the midst of cleaning up your fourth victim, a nice clean kill, slit ear to ear, when the police kick down the door, coming after you. You run, ducking through the house, knocking over furniture behind you, but one of the fucking pigs blindsides you, disarming you, then pinning you against the wall, baton pressed against your windpipe, as he screams in your face. You imagine the dead bitch was probably related to him."
"You fucked up, and the reckoning is coming. You're three years into your degree, though you've been at university for four, because you failed one necessary class, and you've missed three holidays with your family because you've been so busy working to pay off your student loans... or so you've convinced your family. In truth, you haven't been going to classes, you've barely passed your first year, and you're racking up a horrible debt to subsist while you stay in your dorm room, masturbating and leveling your OotV characters. You call home, telling them you're switching majors, that you can't see yourself being an engineer, striving to buy yourself time and forestall the inevitable, but some of your anxiety and stress must have slipped into your voice. Worried about you, the family visits. It goes from bad (you look like shit and your apartment smells like a garbage bin that has been masturbated in for four years) to worse (you can't answer basic engineering questions) to worse still (they wonder where your textbooks are, and you fumble your answer). You crack, you lie, you fuck it up, they call you on it, and it dawns on them, the scale of the lie. The ensuing freak-out is worse than you could have imagined. When all is said and done, you've triggered, and you've unwittingly killed your family."
"You're diagnosed with a crippling illness you'll carry with you for the rest of your life (ie. MS), and one by one, your friends and spouse drop away, apparently feeling it's too much to deal with. You weather the disease itself, but when you're looking for a ride back from the hospital for an appointment later in the week, nobody answers/accepts. You reach your breaking point."
"The police officer who slammed into pedestrians on a crosswalk, no flashing lights, killing your wife, ends up getting 120 hours of community service. You trigger as you flip out in the courtroom."
"You take drugs at a party, and start bleeding buckets worth of blood from every orifice. People around you are too busy partying to notice, and even your friends don't seem to grasp just how dire your circumstances are. People even kick you because your whining is getting annoying. In the end, you're left with hemorrhaged eyeballs that have been pushed out of your skull by the blood issue, and a swollen tongue you can't talk with. You trigger, unaware that all of the above were only realistic, drug induced hallucinations."
"Child of an ex-athlete, you have no natural talent and mounds of pressure, forcing you to put in endless practice to keep up. Your entire high school/college life is a lie, your friends and romantic partner largely chosen by your parents/circumstance, but it isn't really you. You face a major tournament, one that may make or break your professional career, and you win. It dawns on you that you'd been secretly hoping to lose, and you have no means to cope now that you'll be trapped in this life."
"You suffer from chronic cluster headaches and have for years. They're so painful that smashing yourself repeatedly in the head to release more endorphins helps. People have committed suicide to get them to stop. During one particularly bad episode, you trigger."
"You've always had a privileged life. That, combined with your sense of adventure, has led you across the globe, and you're not even in college yet. As a gap year after high school, you join an expedition in Costa Rica's deep rainforests to categorize plants and animals and tree-people. As the bush thickens and your Google Glasses drain of battery, a cliff crumbles and buries the guide. Lost, low on supplies, and with no way to call for help, you trigger."
"Had a mini-embolism while sitting at the computer, left semi-paralyzed and slowly dying, numb hands unable to type clearly to communicate your need for help, watching the chat window with your friends/coworkers scroll by, as they cussed you out over the web, thinking you're messing around and not contributing to the video game/work project."
"At 18, you've already been living with juvenile-onset schizophrenia for eight years of your life. You did better than simply deal with the problem: You thrived as a unique and colorful personality, ultimately dismissing medications because the side effects were worse than the voices (only voices) in your head. It all goes wrong when you go to the dentist and get put under for treatment for a jaw ache and wake up in the hospital with half your head shaved. While you were out, one thing had led to another, you didn't wake up, and they wound up finding a brain tumor. With the tumor gone, you're normal again - it was never real schizophrenia, and with the tumor gone, you no longer have the comfortable, ever-present voices to keep you company. You trigger in the silence."
"You wake to find your house on fire, and manage to get out. Once outside, you realise your family is still trapped inside and you trigger listening to them burn to death"
"Your mom always wanted to be a heroine. She tried everything, even Cauldron (who turned her down). Ultimately, she got one of those fancy scans to see if she had the potential. She didn't. So she had you in hopes you'd be a cape instead. Then, to try and get you to trigger, she poisoned you. Her intentions were good, in a screwed up, mentally-disturbed way, but the state took you away and that was for the best. She did give you powers in the end - you trigger during the doctor's appointment, on hearing that your internal organs (primarily liver, pancreas and kidneys) are screwed, and getting confirmation that you have mild brain damage and stunted growth, giving you a limited lifespan, facing a lifetime of insulin injections and thrice-weekly hospital visits as of your early/pre- teens."
"You're at a LARP in the woods and your best friend, who you are planning to ask to go steady with you, is having a death scene. They're getting really into it and you're impressed by how well they're acting. They keep really still through the whole next scene, and when you move closer to tell them that they can get up now, you realize that they've been dead of an allergic reaction for the past ten minutes. Trigger when the other players remark on how real your grief seems."
"Your workplace is the site of an electrical fire. You're caught in the back room, the loading bay door won't open, the place is flooding with smoke, and the roof is starting to come to pieces."
"It’s an illegal rave party in an abandoned building. You don’t really want to be there but your friends pestered you until you gave in. It does seem fun though. The music is great, the people seem to have fun, everything looks fine. You and your friends get drinks, secure a sitting space and then go have fun in the crowd. You take gulp from your drink when you return and almost immediately notice that something is wrong. Everything is shaking and you grab hold of the table but can’t stay upright when your legs give way. You collapse and you see your friends legs und hear them laughing over then music, just enough time to feel terror, then all goes black. You wake up as somebody shakes you. You're alone, still lying under the table, the stern face of a police officer over you. You trigger as you panic."
"You had an accident as a kid, a dumb stunt, and you shattered your pelvis, one hip joint, and broke parts of your lower spine. Now, years after the fact, you still have an awful lot of metal in you, and you've calmed that wild child that still stirs restlessly within you. You're shopping when a cape fight draws too near, and you join others in hunkering behind cover. A visiting hero is doing battle with a local villain, and as people complain about their phones cutting out and the shop's lights flicker, you belatedly realize that the visiting hero has electromagnetic powers. He takes a brutal hit from the villain, and his powers flare, tearing all the metal in your pelvis and spine out of your lower body. The bones in your lower body are effectively liquefied, and your pelvic region is rendered a bloody ruin. You trigger, as people scream for medical attention and both hero and villain pause fighting to stare."
"You're hospitalized for immense abdominal pain. Your father, as it turned out, fed you tapeworm eggs to get you fit for a modeling gig. Trigger at the pain, while watching the growing mass of worms empty into the toilet, some as long as your arm."
"Small town rumors get out of control, after you, the quiet sort, get labeled with indecent behavior. There's no action you can take without being taken the wrong way, and your social awkwardness doesn't help. In the end, a self-imposed vigilante group comes after you, wanting to 'set you straight' - an act that somehow involves coming after you at night, you on foot, them in cars, drunk and hollering threats, and nowhere to go in the midst of a fallow field."
"You joined a group that explored the idea of the Simurgh, possibilities, meanings, why she was what she was, and it became a quasi-religious thing, drawing you in despite the fact that you're just not that religious, as a whole. You got sucked into it, you recruited others, you even had brief news spots where you tried to share the ideas that you'd put together to date. But your parents stepped in, despite the fact that you're a college student, independent, they ~kidnapped~ you, then they had you talk to an 'expert' - someone who apparently specializes in brainwashing people and getting them to fit the societal norm. He uses tactics worse than the group you'd just belonged to, insisting you were part of a cult, and you argue back, fruitlessly. All the past years where you grew as a person, grew close to others, and he's trying to make you the person you were when you were in high school. Bland, lost, broken, so he can rebuild you. You lash out, you get angrier, and you see the look of fear in your parent's eyes as they look at you, but the deprogramming continues. You trigger mid-argument."
"The boy up the street has been sexually abusing you for years. One day, he tires of you, beating you up and leaving you broken and bruised in broad daylight. You trigger as you sob."
"In the midst of a long motorcycling trip across back roads of Canada, you find yourself in the praries, and underestimate the distance to the next gas station. You're left to hike down the length of the road to the gas station, easily a 5 hour trip, with nary a car in sight. On your way back, you see a pair of stray dogs, malnourished with matted fur. They follow. You maintain your distance, gas can ready as a weapon, but the remainder of the dogs gather, a pack. Not like the usual stray dog, these rural animals are closer to wolves or coyotes. They know humans just well enough to not be afraid, and are hungry enough to come after you. One dog, the pack leader, lunges for you, and gets your ankle - it's downhill from there. Lying on the ground, a dog on top of you, you don't have the leverage to swing the can. You trigger, not in pain, but at the sight of the snarling, probably diseased animal snapping for your face. -Wildbow"
"You hate this world. You grew up hearing about the Endbringers, but you never truly understood until now. You were the only person in your family to get out in time, before Behemoth turned your city into a hellish wasteland. You trigger in a PRT shelter, as the news comes in that the heroes have abandoned both your city and everyone still trapped inside. -SCG"
"An intoxicated or insane man follows you one night after a party, muttering creepy threats. You try to escape him and fail, hearing him grow more and more agitated and violent. You trigger as he closes the last few feet."
"You're a fan that's interviewed on TV after a sports game, and your brain misfires or something, because you stumble over your words midway through the interview and rather than stop, you keep on going, mixing up words and sounds and making a complete fool of yourself. People take the idea and run with it, and you're recognized on the street, complete strangers greeting you wth a 'gubbah hubba gnub gnub!' and laughter. You trigger as you realize you can't skip any more work or class to avoid the unwelcome attention."
"You're blind, independent to the point of cutting yourself off from family that tried to help you and micromanage your life. Your world is small, but comfortable, going between your work and your apartment. One day, taking the same route you always take on your 5:45am walk to work, you find yourself in unfamiliar territory. Walls bar your path and force you to take sharp turns, getting further and further from the periodic sounds of traffic. Your phone doesn't get a response. Finally, utterly alone, you cry out for help and guidance, and it doesn't come."
"In prison for petty robbery, you're forced to join a prison gang to get by, and as a white guy, there's really only one route to go - the Aryan Brotherhood. Where it's normally taken in stride, on a level, a change in the law outside changes the prison population inside. Your allies dwindle, and you're left with the legacy of your affiliation. As one of the few known 'nazis' in prison, you're targeted for the 'syrup special'. Pot of water boiled in the kitchen, mixed with two boxes of sugar. Having boiling water thrown on you would be bad enough, but this is like tar. When the medics reach you, they find it impossible to get off without taking skin with it. You trigger in horrific agony."
"Your school project, the biggest assignment of the year, to be presented at a special event in front of all the teachers and plenty of important visitors, isn't finished. Barely started really. You were overambitious with your plans, and you got stuck on a tiny detail. You lied, embarassed, and said it was on target, about done, etc. You lied to yourself, that you could still finish your plan, up until, well, right now. It's your favorite class and the teacher respects you, but you've got barely anything and it'll be time to present in 10 minutes. They call you on the phone, asking where you are. You're in front of your ""project"" and you realize just what a fucking worthless piece of shit toadstool you are."
"An underground gladiatorial contest pits teams of non-capes against other teams and capes both. You're an exceptionally skilled brawler on a team of five, getting to the point where you're capable of doing it as a career, living off your share of the income. The referee gets thrown for a loop, however, when your team is systematically destroyed in an end-of-season match, you as the sole remaining member, and you trigger as your jaw and legs are shattered by melee weapons."
"A stalker follows you across state lines. They leave messages for you at work, at home, even graffiti'ed along the route you take to go to the grocery store, all with the same running theme. Your feet, your feet. They want to slobber on your feet. They want your feet inside them. They want to put needles under your toenails to see how your feet move when you're in agony. They want to ruin all the rest of you so only your feet are perfect and intact. They want to tattoo your feet to make it so the feet belong to them, not you. One night, you open the door to let the cat out and come face to face with a man, laying a note on the welcome mat."
"You once had a butcher shop, you have a family, you were reasonably happy. But then, you started getting tired. Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, your body is attacking itself. You don't have the energy to get out of bed some days, your business is failing, your house is always quiet, your kids don't want to bother you. You're barely even a parent. You trigger when you you realize that you are never going to get any better, things are never going to be the same as they used to, and there is nothing you can do about it."
"You've got the easy life. Inherited a position from your cousin, as he moved on up in the organization. A bunch of Irish-descended bastards without much to your name, doing some dealing, thieving, and a share of protectino rackets to keep your families fed. Your job is a cushy one, stopping by the local businesses to collect the money. All you have to do is be mean and scary. But the old Jamaican's son is visiting him when you show. Despite his father's protests, the skinny dreadlocked kid stands up for his dad. When you persist, he kicks you, some spinning bullshit from an action movie. It doesn't take long for the situation to turn. Despite being twice his size, fucking swole, you lose the fight that follows. Handstanding, spinning kicks, fucking dancing, all with a tint of barely suppressed /rage/. You can't run, you can't win, and it hurts so much you actually want to cry. As his foot flies toward your face, you trigger."
"Funny how it works. See, you triggered once before. You had powers. Or -a- power. You were bullied once, you were tormented by your peers, treated like scum. But as much as they despised you, hated you for what you were, you hated yourself more. You went to class, stayed in a dorm, and you tried to keep your head down, stewing in self loathing. When they altered the school records to unenroll you from school, leaving you to find your dorm was being packed up by strangers, another tuition-paying student taking your place, you triggered. Right away, you knew what your power was. From the moment you got too close to someone, you felt something of yourself reaching out into them. A body snatcher. So you bided your time, you picked your target, you studied them. Your chief tormenter. You hunted them down, and then you used your power, stealing their body. Except... their life, oh man, it was bad. Abuse from an older brother, from parents, the body came with a drug problem. Worst of all, you couldn't act. The life you wanted crumbles around you as you fail to leave your old, socially incapable self behind. It wouldn't be so bad, except... you left your power in the previous body. A swap, not a theft. You go to find your old self, and you find it dead. Your tormenter found someone else to swap with, and rigged their own body - your body- to die when the swap was done. All hope lost, in a body you love and a life you simply can't tolerate, you trigger a second time."
"Your go on a class trip to the zoo. You're not really that into animals, but it's a day away from school, so whatever. You're having a good time goofing off with your friend until he takes it too far, climbing up the fence surrounding the tiger enclosure and then accidentally falling in. His screams abruptly come to a stop when he hits the ground. Everyone start panicking, and without thinking you leap in after him. You handle your leap better than he handled his fall, managing to cushion the impact on some brush. But now there's another problem, in the form of a 500-pound adult Siberian tiger charging across the enclosure towards you. Trigger."
"The fall guy, the scapegoat. You started out just wanting to make a little extra cash, and somewhere along the line, you took on more responsibilities. Now you have the ultimate responsibility - you're left to claim that you were the one running the scheme, a side job as part of your little startup business that dug a little too deep into other people's pockets. Lives were ruined, and now shareholders, authorities and others are all focusing on you. You've done the numbers and weighed options, and it isn't pretty. They're already saying you were the one running it all, and all you have to do is cop to it, giving up almost a sixth of your life to sit in a cell, losing your reputation, being /hated/. After the first hearing, it dawns on you. You're locked in, you can't get away from the label they've plastered on you, and any protests will rig hollow. Your life is ruined, as you ruined so many others, and now nobody is talking to you, even to reassure you about the help they were going to provide after you'd played the scapegoat. All for nothing. You trigger."
"While driving back home from a trip (to visit family, to see a concert, etc.) you get into an accident. Trying to avoid a drunk driver you drive into an utility post. Dumbfounded and bleeding you watch in horror as a powerline slams on the hood of your car. Trigger."
"You've always loved climbing, altitude, standing upon the heavens. You enjoy it so much, in fact, that you don't usually use even the most rudimentary of safety precautions. You've always been able to catch yourself when you fell, so it doesn't seem worth it to take the time to put pitons down. This time, however, when you stumble, the outcrop you reach for crumbles under your grip. You scrabble for something, anything to hold onto, only tearing up your fingernails for your trouble, and your stomach drops out from under you as you slide out into the void."
"You're a cape geek, you spend most of your downtime trawling the speculation threads and stuff on PHO. One day, while observing an active thread about one of your favourite local heroes you see a picture that reminds you of someone you know, unable to help yourself you dig through all the info you have on them and realise that you know their secret identity. As the stress builds about what you know, worst case scenarios running through your mind - all ending in being hauled off by government mooks - you trigger."
"You're an amateur pilot, enrolled in a stunt show with some slightly-faked credentials to impress your spouse. You're generally considered what would be a prodigy, and you're confident you can hold your own. As you loop and dive the G-forces start to catch up to you but you stay alert and in control- until the plane stalls. You pushed it too hard, and you're too close to the ground to pull out. There's no eject in your cheap Cessna, and the plane smashes into the ground, entangling and mangling you in the twisted, burning metal."
"Your neighborhood is nice enough. You have known most of the people there for your whole life and they are good people. But lately it has been getting a bit dangerous. Gang colors are more common and there's been an increase of outside people that you don't like. One day, coming back home late, you're assaulted. Someone stabs you repeatedly in the back and you trigger as you bleed out in the street, not knowing why would anyone would do this."
"You're in the semi-finals of a statewide gymnastics competition. It's a big deal: your family and friends are cheering you on from the stands, and you've trained hard for weeks. A victory would mean going to the nationals, and from there the Olympics wouldn't be far-fetched. You get worked up and overthink your routine, and you put too much into your flip off of the uneven bar. You land on your back, and you feel and hear the snap. Your body aches, but what's worse is what you feel in your legs - nothing. Trigger."
"You work in a daycare. Handsome guy, adored by the kids, adored by some of the moms, even. You knew going in that allegations were inevitable. What you didn't expect was how fast people would turn. A comment about you touching a little boy's rear end while you were keeping him balanced as he climbed on the play structure, and your entire life starts dismantling in slow motion. You can see it in everyone's eyes, even in your parents' and girlfriend's, that suspicion, the momentary /wondering/. It isn't you, and the anxiety eats away at you as it just doesn't /stop/. You trigger as a wave of mothers pull their kids out of the daycare, shooting you dirty looks as they leave."
"You're at a comedy show, some small-time local doing mediocre standup. But the tickets are cheap, and the drinks are free, so you and your clique are there, tipsy, and even laughing occasionally. At some point, the comedian picks you for his next joke, something about your race, or family, or something. It doesn't matter. Because it happens to hit you hard, you cry, everyone's eyes are on you, you recognize coworkers, friends, EVERYBODY is watching you break down as the comedian keeps pushing. Why won't he stop? What the fuck? What does he have against you? Trigger."
"When you met him, he seemed kind. Your family disapproved, but you loved him, and he loved you. That was then. One month in, he yelled. Two months in, he started hitting. A year later, you have a kid, you stay at home while he works. When he comes home, he's tired, he's hungry, he's cranky, and you get hurt. Frighteningly, tonight, you've run out of food. The phone rings. ""Miss X? Your husband has just had a terrible accident..."" You trigger."
"You've always had little crow friends. It started when you were four, a dropped chicken nugget or fry, a piece of candy left outside. Eventually the birds expected treats, even brought gifts in return. Ranging from broken glass to even an old rusted coin. For years you fed them and they gave gifts, even after moving away to your own apartment they followed. It came to a crashing end when the landlord found out about the 'pests' and left poisoned treats for your friends while you were away working. You come home from work to find them all dead, the poisoned food halfway gone. You trigger at the sight of all your friends corpses, not knowing who would want to do this."
"You travel with your friends to attend a civil rights protest, and are marching down the street when a police officer pepper sprays several of your friends, and you see them writhing on the ground in pain. Incensed, you confront the officer, and get pepper sprayed for your trouble. The anger and injustice supersedes the pain, and you initiate an altercation with the officer, who strikes you across the face with his baton, shattering your eye socket. As the ocular fluid dribbles out of your ruined eye and down your face, the blinding pain caused by the capsaicin intermingling with your mess of an eye causes you to trigger."
"It's been a blissful year and a half since your engagement, and you've spent hour upon hour planning out the wedding down to the last detail. Nothing left unchecked, no little error too small to be corrected. Despite your family's seemingly irrational dislike of your fiancee, you ignore them and loftily allow them to attend your wedding. The long-awaited day of the wedding finally arrives, and you find yourself missing a groom. The audience stirs restlessly, your family badmouthing your fiancee, but you know something terrible must have cropped up. You call his cell over and over again, and you scour the news stations for any possible news. You finally find him- the local Protectorate has apprehended a supervillain, singed, beaten, and mangled, you see through the ruins of his mask and see your husband-to-be. ""Tch,"" your mother remarks, ""I knew he was a worthless criminal."""
"Your father hinted at it, but never gave you details. Only that it made him the success, the mover that he was. A part of you always suspected that he was a superhero, or a supervillain, or that he had powers and never went out in costume, only succeeding in the business world. Your excitement was palpable as the day approached. A secret group in university, all sons and daughters of powerful people, in a major university. But it wasn't powers. It was a secret society, little more than a pretentious co-ed frat. You pushed forward with the initiation, and things went a little too far. Someone shoved a hose up your drunk ass and they inflated you with air. Except something -ruptured-, and jeers and cheers turned into screams and you experiencing pain, shock, and indescribable pain."
"He picked you up off the street with a smile and a wink. You knew it wasn't the smartest decision, but you figured all would turn out well. You were so wrong. The fucker is some sort of serial killer, and now you're tied up in some kind of 'kill room', sterile, white, and covered in what looks like plastic. He comes back into the room wearing a haz-mat suit. He has some strange canister and a...is that a ladle? He opens the canister, and smoke starts to rise out of it. Fuck. You try to struggle, but he has you tied up too well. He grabs one of your fingers and pours the solution on it. It BURNS. He smiles at you and pulls a hammer from his toolbelt, before using it to shatter your finger. You realize the canister was full of liquid nitrogen as your finger fully separates from your hand in multiple pieces. Trigger."
"You got into porn to support a lavish lifestyle and a mild cocaine habit. You did well, and you lived like a king or queen, with a nice place and virtually all things you wanted. But as your age ticked up, your options diminished. Approaching thirty, you found yourself without work, with an addiction to shopping and a taste for coke to attend to. You got into the kinky stuff, and when those roles started to dry up, you got into the messed up stuff. You've yet to recuperate from a session where you endured having ghost pepper sauce rubbed all over places that hot sauce should never go when your employer shows you a jar of bugs and a jar of broken glass, and asks you which you'd prefer to go up your you-know-what for the next shot."
"It isn't the cancer that gets to you. It's the days where you see your parents openly greiving, the days where they ask you what you want for your funeral. It's the day where you casually think about handing out invitations and that moment after where you realize even you don't see yourself living through chemotherapy. You go to school one last time, see the faces of your knowing classmates and trigger."
"An artist, talented at his craft gets mangled beyond all recognition and is no longer able to ply his trade. Triggers after talking to a 'fan' who considers all the best work of his life worthless shit."
"A light protest turns to violence when militant police and capes step in and turn things aggressive in seconds. Your eye socket is shattered, fluid spilling over your cheek, the pain and devastation mingling with horror at just what's going on with your government and cause. (If it doesn't fit the city/country, you left to live with family elsewhere as the game started)."
"At a young age, you burned yourself severely by playing with electricity (the quality of the device you were playing with may have been... poor). Over the next few years, you suffered a number of nasty plastic surgeries grafting skin onto the affected areas. Due to inferior health care, the local anesthesia was done wrong in one such surgery. You'd always felt /something/ as they were working, but after a little while you realized you felt /everything/ this time. And you know that if you jump... or react in any way, it'll be worse. You triggered."
"After participating in a wheelchair basketball game, you return to your locker room to find that someone stole your fucking wheelchair. Without funds for a replacement, (and the one you used for the sports game was borrowed, not owned) you're effectively bedridden afterward, stewing in rage and growing depression as your entire life is put on hold."
"A chemical spill at your high school starts a fire, evacuation is attempted but you get cut off from the others and trapped by the fire. Panicing, you run for a door only to find it locked. With no escape you cower in a corner, able only to watch as the fire closes in on you."
"You thought it would be fun to go on a cruise with your school friends. You weren't exactly wrong. You had an absolute blast the first two days. On the third night, you wake up choking. Black smoke has filled your room. You get to the floor, but even there the air is scarce, and your eyes are still watering painfully. You feel the door, and it burns your hand. Your only choices are a burning hallway and a window that leads into freezing cold water, assuming you're even able to break it and get out. Stuck between the two impossible choices, you trigger."
"Trichotillomania. That's what they call it. This compulsion you have, ripping out your hair since you were in kindergarten. It wasn't a big issue, at first. Noone really noticed, until you got so bad that you were ripping clumps out per day. The therapy doesn't work. The pills don't work. It just gets worse. One day, you reach up to pull a hair out. It's almost automatic, at this point. Your hand scrambles around, but it can't find any. You're bald. Trigger."
"On a ski trip with family, you take a bad fall. You come to a complete stop, and see your family members continuing down the hill, oblivious to your situation. You try to raise your voice, and can't. Looking up the hill, behind you, you spot your pole and one lost ski, as well as a long smear of red where the crust of ice shredded your skin, and the snake of your intestines, trailing behind you. Cold, shredded and disemboweled by the rasp of the rough ice, you trigger."
"It was just a routine mugging. You got the guy's wallet and wedding ring, you figure that's enough. You turn around and run. After a few steps, you feel bullets pierce your back. You fall to the ground in what seems like slow-motion, snapping your left wrist as you catch yourself at a bad angle.. You can't feel your legs at all, thanks to the bullet that severed your spine. He kicks you onto your back and puts the gun in your face. Trigger."
"It's your birthday, and your mother has invited you to her house. You're expecting a surprise party, but when you arrive you get a different sort of surprise - a room lit by candles, rose petals scattered on the floor, and your mother waiting for you in lingerie, holding a half empty bottle of wine. Bewildered, you demand to know what's going on. She tells you that you're adopted, and, furthermore, that she's in love with you. You freak out, triggering as she presses herself against you and tries to stick her tongue in your mouth."
"You didn't ever expect that having a twin could be so much work. He/She had always been going to parties, and a few of his/her girlfriends/boyfriends confused you for him/her every time they stood at the door, crying and angry at him/her, letting it out on you, tired of how he/she played with them. You thought it stopped when you finally moved out and got your own apartment. But it didn't. Just as you step out of your home one evening, you stand in front of a man with a gun, calling you by your twins name, and demanding you to pay up."
"It's your mom. She's not well. She's only 55, and she is supposed to be too young to get Alzheimer's Disease. It's not fair, it is not okay. She's forgetting your name, she's getting lost and frightened several times a week, she was screaming at you yesterday to get out of her house, she doesn't know you. You hold on to the hope that she is still in there, she still has times when she is perfectly lucid, she still has her sense of humor, it's still her. But the lucid periods are getting farther and farther apart and you realize one day in your room: You can't take this. Trigger."
"You are a fucking idiot. Of course this would happen, that's what you got for buying a stolen car for $50. Who would sell a Porsche for that price? And your four drunk friends just laugh their asses off in the car as the police follows behind you. The car stops apruptly as you hit a tree, your chest exploding in pain as you are forced towards the wheel, apparently completely devoid of any airbag and you force yourself out of the now burning car. You trigger as you run away, leaving the smoking wreck behind and holding your chest, ignoring the screams of your friends to let them out."
"Your parents snooped and found your drug stash. Total overreaction. It would be bad enough if they just sent you to one of those wilderness rehab places - the sort of place where you have to hike every day and make a fire by hand at night, but this place is fucked up. The stories the others have been telling you - counsellors climbing into kid's tents, kids being punished by being whipped by branches of pine needles... you were already stressed, and this doesn't help. You sneak away to get high - speed, your drug of choice, which you managed to hide from the staff. Just when it hits you, the flashlights start to pan out, searching for you. Nowhere to hide."
"You lost your house in the aftermath of an Endbringer attack, along with dozens of thousands of other civilians. Some survived, but the lucky ones died. Daily, you must compete for resources with the uncountable number of competing scavengers. For a few weeks, you avoid conflict, sticking to neighborhoods and stores you know well. As supplies dry up in your area, you venture deeper into the city. On your first day among the fallen skyscrapers of downtown, you are confronted by a fellow scavenger, frothing at the lips and brandishing a switchblade. He wants your food, supplies, and bike. Your lifelines. You attempt to run, but another silhouette appears at the end of the street. Surrounded, you charge him. As you pick his shattered eye socket off of your can of peaches, you trigger."
"You've always prided yourself for your great memory. Every trinket, toy, gadget, it all has some deeper meaning for you, because you /remember/. They help you remember, and you remember them because of it. Your house is full of memories, constant nostalgia and euphoria as you bask idly in it. Until one day, your mother arrives at your door with your childhood therapist and another man. You invite them in, and you sit down in your favorite chair, an older plastic one from a few years ago or so. They each take a seat, and start accusing you of being a /hoarder/, of being abnormal, calling you wrong, broken. It's fine, you can deal with it- but then, they start taking things. One by one, your memories leave, until you're left completely and utterly alone. Trigger."
"You had this project on the books for weeks. A handmade oak table. It's a large piece to craft by hand, but simple enough that you lulled yourself into a false sense of security. You waited too long, and now you're in a rush. You practically shove the piece of wood through the bandsaw. There's a tugging feeling, and suddenly there's blood everyone and three of your mangled fingers on the ground. You stare at the digits, shocked. Trigger."
"You are in a public bathroom, doing your business as quietly as possible. You don't like making in such a public place, you get frightened, you feel vulnerable. You start to panic as a drunk person, possibly dangerous, starts hammering at your stall door screaming to let him in. The intruder kicks in your door, as you are sitting there, pants around your legs, you have no way to run, to escape. The red-faced man leans over your exposed self, too close, too close. You start screaming as he throws up on you, coating you with his stale, pungent vomit. You trigger as he slaps your face and screams."
"Your Two cousins are capes. One is a well known hero, and the other a villain. As such, family reunions are tense. The family takes sides, and you try to be the best cousin you can to both of them. One day, your villainous cousin's teammate is killed by a teammate of your heroic cousin in a fight. He explodes during a birthday and both your cousins begin all out fighting - even using powers. You trigger as you get caught between their attacks."
"Fuck her. FUCK HER. FUCK. HER. She thinks she can stop you from seeing your children? You practically fly down the road in your truck, skidding into their driveway wheels squealing. You bang on the door, and they won't even open it. They threaten to call the cops, but you're not having that. You came to see your children, and by god that's what you're going to do. You get back into your truck and crash it into their piece of shit house. The airbag knocks you unconscious when deployed. You wake up handcuffed to a hospital bed. Trigger."
"Step one: bomb shelter. Step two: retrofit it and the background of your house, to keep it hidden. Easy enough, when you've been thinking about this for decades. Step three: rig the shelter with locks, supplies, speakers, and cameras behind indestructible glass panes. Step four: rig a sprinkler system to run on piping hot and icy cold water, each of which can be turned on from the outside, with appropriate drainage. Step five: clothes, tools, and toys more for your pleasure than your soon to be guest's, to be used at your order. Control. Complete and utter ownership of another human being. Step six: test. Because you cannot and will not have the effect of absolute and utter control over them spoiled by a -mistake-. Testing the cold water, you see how it obscures the camera. A leak, water running over the glass. Water still running, you stride into the shelter to check the camera, enduring the cold. You adjust the screws, then make your way back. You slip, stumble, and slam the door closed. Locking yourself into your own trap."
"You go fishing with your buddy. You're a little worried about the gray sky, but it's your last chance to hang out with him before he heads out to basic, so you ignore it. You then proceed to ignore the choppy waves. Then you ignore the drizzle and wind. You can't ignore it, however, when the mother of all storms hits, dragging you out to sea and capsizing your boat. Trigger as your buddy slips beneath the waves, and you're left clinging to an oar for dear life as you're flung and battered by the sea."
"You're incapable of having children. Narrow urethra, barren, whatever the reason, you've found yourself left spouseless as all of your friends and peers find companionship in their lives. You trudge through life, barhopping for one-night stands, but everyone leaves when they find out. As a last-ditch effort, remembering the joy your dog brought you in childhood, you adopt a pair of puppies from the pound. Over the next month, you become rejuvenated, with a purpose in your life. Once in a while, you find a stray dog on the road, or grab another for adoption, until your condo has half-a-dozen furry friends within and around it. Until one day, where your newest rescue, a scarred, bleeding Lab you assumed was hit by a car, mauls and kills every single one of your pets. Your children. You have a gun. The Lab has a dopey grin on its face, its panting revealing the blood-stained, chipped teeth it possesses. And you can't bring yourself to shoot it. Surrounded by your dead pets, their killer licking your hand, you turn the gun on yourself."
"Drunk out of your mind, you trip over a homeless guy that's sleeping by the side of the road. Before you know it, you're being thrashed by a guy who's covered in a gruesome looking skin disease, frantically trying to get away before he can touch you, and failing. You end up on your back, your uncoordinated self holding his wrists back while he tries to claw at your face and eyes. His fingernails have been chewed down to the quick, to the point that they're scabbed, and all you can think of is that he could very well have AIDS or Hepatitis"
"An internet series focused on finding, doxxing (publishing personal details/info online) and making fun of the biggest losers around picks you to add to their 'cast', harassing you, your family, and even hunting you down to take pictures of you in the street. In the weeks that follow, every failing (unemployment, having a stain on your pants, getting rejected when you approach someone for a date) gets overblown, mocked by hundreds online. It wasn't even that deserved... you had a quirky hobby, maybe, a disability, or you're a little odd looking, and facing a low point in life. It just wasn't deserved, and it doesn't stop."
"The doctor said you had to do it, so you took up long-distance running. It's only your third week or so into it, but already you can feel the differences in you as you go, and you're discovering new places to go all the time. You wake up early and set out, taking nothing with you but your keys and a bottle of water. You leave your phone at home, lock up, and go. You're crossing over some ditches when you misjudge something and go sprawling head-first. You hit your head, and by the time you come to, you're bloodied all over. When you try to stand up, you find you can't - you must have landed badly, and you can see bone protruding from flesh. Trigger."
"You stood by and watched, bystander as the girl you liked was bullied. She did a modeling thing, and somehow her peers, your classmates, all turned nasty. Middle school psychology, kids in a small town reacting to the possibility that someone else might escape. Calling her a slut, a whore, all that. You talked to your parents and got advice, found the courage to stand up for her. She got upset, and the lead bully called you out. Only when you met him and saw a dozen other classmates approaching from a distance, hostility in their eyes, did you realize just why she'd been upset - because she knew how very bad things might get for you. Mortal fear for your own well being fills you as you realize you might get seriously hurt. Trigger."
"You've been working at the factory for awhile. The hours are long, but you persevere. It's a bit dangerous, but as long as you're careful it's okay. Just keep your eyes on what you're doing and you'll be fine. Except some of the tools haven't been maintained for awhile, and the long hours are cutting into people's sleep. Somewhere up above you, somebody drops a spanner on their scaffold and the clanging noise distracts you for just a moment - and in that moment, you lose control and your arm is shredded from wrist to elbow. You trigger."
"You first caught the attention of others when you were 14. Older men began leering at you and giving you compliments. Your mother didn't like that, and put you down each time it happened. She dressed you in baggy clothes to hide you, and picked out all of your flaws whenever someone looked at you for too long. You were sinful, disgusting. One man gets angry and as your mother drags you away and hits you for tempting him you trigger."
"You like competition. A good way to make you do something stupid is to dare you. You can't help it. So when one of your friends dares you to run across a junkyard in less than five minutes you don't even hestitate. You start to have doubts about it when you see the amount of dangerous junk around, but you continue anyways. You run like hell and everything seems to be going fine, much to your surprise. But then you hear barking. As you look behind to locate the source of the barking you trip on some trash. Your knees hurt and you're confused, but otherwise ok. Then you feel a pull. A couple of really big dogs are going crazy on your legs and you are suddenly hit with the feeling of your shin being ripped apart. Trigger as one of the dogs yanks away a piece of your flesh."
"You've always put your kids first. Your relationship with your wife got worse and worse, after you pointed out how much she was drinking. You couldn't trust her to watch the kids anymore, so you hired a nanny, and got your wife sent to rehab. When she gets back, she delves right back into her addiction, and you give up. You file for divorce. At the next hearing, she comes in with bruises covering her whole body, and a black eye, naming you as the perpetrator. She gets everything in the divorce. You trigger when the courts give her full custody of your children."
"You're out for a jog around a nice neighborhood you've been looking at with your fiance(e), when you make a wrong turn and end up in a grimy, dark alley. You make to turn around, but a pair of dark-clothed assailants with guns take your phones and wallets. They briefly quarrel before one of them pistol-whips the other, then shouts at you to get down on the ground and take your clothes off. Your fiance(e) tries to intervene, but the mugger quickly drops them with a single shot. As your fiance(e) lies dead on the ground next to you, grey matter leaking from the hole in their skull, the mugger turns his gun on you. You've got nowhere to run, and no help. Trigger."
"You and your girlfriend were mugged. Baseball bats, taunting, and a thorough beating, almost for amusement rather than simply to get the money. You could almost say the trigger was about seeing your very cool girlfriend bleeding, hurt with one of her arms shattered. That you weren't strong enough, that you didn't protect her. But no, the main thing was really the baseball bat that's striking you in the head."
"You used to be popular, until you called a fellow student in your school a racial slur during an altercation. Word gets around fast, and now everyone thinks of you as a racist. It starts small, with people jostling you in the hallway. It ends with that fellow student and twenty others cornering you after school, ready to kick your teeth in. You trigger as they stare at you with hatred in their eyes."
"It was some kind of bizarre accident, your umbilical cord tangled around your leg in utero or something. Your leg was amputated as soon as you popped into the world, and you've been living through a life of ridicule ever since. As you watch your classmates- none of them your friends- run around outside, you once again have a little pity-party for the sad sack of shit that you are. You'll never be normal. Never have been, and never will."
"You work hard. Harder than most, even. But sadly, you are one step behind, for no reason at all. You learn and train, but you never attain those good grades, never reach those dream positions that were promised to you. 'You are just lazy, even if you are smart, you have to work hard,'. You hear that sentence again and and again, but you work hard! Stay awake day and night, working until your hands cramp and forcing yourself to go on until they bleed from splinters the dozen or so pens you broke become too much. You trigger as you sit in front of an essay/report that is due in an hour, with only your name on the paper, and at least a hundred crumpled papers on the floor."
"Spring break and you and your friends decided to go somewhere exotic, Australia. Day Three and you couldn't be happier. You're out swimming, enjoying the waters when suddenly your world /explodes/. Pain races through your body, water fills your lungs and your heart begins to feel like it's trying to tear its way out of your chest. You black out as the pain overwhelms you."
"You come from a traditional family. Old values are important. Chastity, listening to the elders, respect for the men. But you can't stand it. You live in a progressive world, right? It's not like you have to stay home with your mother and cook for them! There is no need for those dresses that would make a burka look like a bikini! Who did they think they are, deciding your life? So you left. Packed your stuff and moved out, visiting your uncle and aunt a city over. But you made a mistake - you didn't tell them that you... fled, you just said you had some time that you wanted to spend with them. They called your parents, telling them how nice it was having you here, and you couldn't stop them quick enough. You had to leave again... but where to go? Maybe he won't be too harsh in front of your relatives... Sadly it didn't take long for your brother to arrive, furious and red-faced. He grabbed you by your hair, forced you down the stairs and into the car before driving off. It didn't end there, though. Promises were made, and you agreed. You had to take a husband... someone you didn't get to decide. You trigger as you sit at the table, bruises in your face, the scumbag they chose as your fiance stroking your hair and whispering sweet nothings."
"You've always been the funny guy. The class clown in youth, now the funny guy at the office. You make an innocuous comment one day that gets you in trouble. Soneone took offense. You get upset when HR drags you in. You get more upset when they fire you. The person you offended gets social media involved, and your career is torched. A pariah in your own field, you're reduced to working an unskilled position for a pittance, compared to what you're used to. You trigger when the bank forecloses on your house."
"Why... why why why WHY? Why did that happen? What did you do wrong? What could you do to fix this? It was a small shove, just a push! The guy who always bullied you stole your bike, driving like a madman and... and just this push and he was on the floor, not moving. He was dead, you knew! Of course! FUCK! You trigger."
"You work a boring desk job while your partner sits at home taking care of your kid all day. When you come home the brat is always screaming and sometimes you just can't take it anymore and shut them up with a slap or a thrown object. Then they shut up. You know your partner does the same but you don't really care, you work hard and you're tired. One day, you get a call at work. Your kid died in the hospital from inner bleedings. You trigger as the judge goes off on you and your partner for abusing your child and wishes you the very worst."
"You are the owner of a small shop in a bad place. It's nothing special, nothing someone would rob, but it was all you and your spouse had. You barely made enough to come by, but they stayed with you, helping you wherever it was necessary. You sat at the register, reading through a small magazine as a huge man walks in. Looking up you stare into huge pupils of already gigantic eyes, the face hidden by a balaclava. A gun was drawn on your head... but the man heard something. Turning the gun to the noise, he aimed at your spouse and you didn't think twice about jumping forward and taking the bullet. You trigger, seeing the man flee while your spouse is desperately trying to keep your wound from bleeding."
"You escaped into the storm drain, and it's darker than you ever thought possible. Dogs' barks bounce off the walls, seemingly echoing forever, building on each other until you almost lose your balance. You did something bad. The sort of bad that gets books written about you. The authorities are after you, police, FBI, capes and even a PRT team for the extra manpower and tools. You're lost in a labyrinth without light, other people's blood on your hands and face, and you just can't seem to find an exit, a ladder leading up into anonymous darkness. From the sound of it, the momentary flashes of flashlight beams reaching down neighboring tunnels, the confidence of their movements, your pursuers know exactly what they're doing. Too tired to keep putting your feet in posiiton, you collapse. It dawns on you that you've lost, you won't get away with this one. You trigger."
"Your squad is boxed in. Bullets snap over your head and the odd grenade clouds your view with dust and shrapnel. You can't even see them anymore, but you keep shooting. After what seems to be hours of sustained combat, their assault holds strong. Out of ammo, surrounded by dead friends and comrades, and with enemy combatants hopping the fence outside the barracks, you trigger."
"Don't go in the water after dark, they said. It's dangerous, they said. Well fuck them. You didn't come to the beach just to follow some stupid rules, and besides, you're good at swimming. What could go wrong? Except you got caught in an undercurrent and after the tumbling and turning and choking on seawater, you're completely disoriented. You can't tell where land is, you're definitely out of your depth, and then something brushes against your leg, causing a jolt of mind-numbing pain. Another brush, and another jolt. And another, and another, and another... You trigger."
"Playing on the bed of a frozen lake with a group of friends, you feel the ice start to crack beneath your feet. Any movement will cause you to plunge through and die of hypothermia. You start to edge away, as carefully as you can, but the ice spreads further. A friend, not the brightest of the bunch, starts to move your way, telling you he'll help, he'll make it all okay, but he's making it worse, and refusing your protests and the protests of your friends, telling him to back off, as cracks spiderweb out from each of his footsteps, joining the cracks around you. You trigger as you scream ""don't come!"""
"The mask covers the lower half of your face, locked on, seemingly impervious to anything your hands can do to it. Though it's your sole means of survival, you've pulled at the restraints so much that your skin is raw and peeling around the straps and the mask itself. If it was just the mask, that would be bad enough - the tube stretches up to attach to the ceiling, it feeds you air and food down two different tubes within, jammed past your esophagus. But the walls of this little aquarium confine, to the point that you have to contort to get your hands up to the mask, or back down by your sides. Water swirls around you, keeping you afloat, picking up piss and shit and sweeping it into drains as new water flows in. At the sound of laughter from beyond the confines of your aquarium, you start thrashing, but unlike all the other times, you can't find the wherewithal to stop panicking, a loop makes it worse each time you start to settle down. Even your thoughts tumble down into a crazed loop: You want out! You want out! You want out!
"
"The day was sunny as you stood in front of the open coffin of sister. The priest preached, said his prayers, finished up and slapped his bible shut. That man looked so genuinely hurt at a person dying, but the weather aggravated you. Not even a cloud was in sight, and you find yourself staring at the coffin was closed and she was slowly put into the earth. You had time to grieve, you know that you couldn't change it now... but when the priest looks at you, puts a hand on your shoulder and tells you she is at a better place now, you snap. You throw a punch, probably break his nose - and you don't stop there. Your fists smash into the older man multiple times, your hands hurting already before one of your relatives was able to pull you off him. The police was called, the man decided to press charges, and you ended up in jail. You were given a reasonable bail, something any of your relatives could pay, but nobody came. When you called your uncle, the one who pulled you off the priest, he hung up on you. You trigger."
"You're a celebrity that has been accused of a murder you didn't commit. You have evidence to prove your alibi, but it's deemed inadmissible by the court. Your fans, friends, and even your family turn their backs, all publically denouncing you. You blow all of your considerable money on a high-powered legal team, but they falter at the worst moments, and you lose your case. The legal battles go on for years, but you refuse to take any sort of plea deals, because by god you are innocent. Not that it matters. You trigger as the court sentences you to death."
"You got really, really drunk at your lifelong best friend's Bachelor party, and made the genius decision to drive drunkenly over to a nearby playground. Bets were made, drunken idiots were egged on, and now you're stuck in a kiddie swing, circulation to your legs cut off entirely by the rigid plastic, friend and co. drunkenly laughing around you as you slowly die."
"You have a rare blood disorder, which makes you unable to take certain drugs. It's rare enough that it doesn't come up much, and it doesn't impede your life at all really. Except that now you've gotten ill - how or when you're not sure, but it was probably from that overseas trip a few weeks back - and you can't take any of the medications available for it, because they'll kill you as surely and as painfully as the illness itself. Drifting in and out of pained consciousness, you trigger."
"It was a joke. Normal adolescent curiosity. Your religious private school's smaller gymnasium had tables that unfolded from the wall so it could serve as another cafeteria. What you discovered was that if you were inside the wall when the tables were folded up, you could be inside the wall and peek into the girl's showers and changeroom. It was a perfect moment of triumph and genius crossed with your fantasies coming true. Until it went horribly, horribly wrong. Someone saw you, apparently, and jabbed an object into your peeping hole. The pain was unlike anything you'd ever felt, the girls started screaming, thinking it was a teacher in the wall, and all you could do was fumble, half-blind, to try and make your exit. As teachers and students find you and pull you out, looking on you not with pity but anger and indignation, you realize just how grave your situation is. Your life is ruined, your parents and teachers unfathomably mad and horrified with you, leading you to trigger. On the upside, you wind up with a cool eyepatch."
"He was a horrible man, and you left him. He wasn't always like this - kind, understanding. His family didn't really approve of you, said that if you didn't convert, you don't deserve to marry him. Even though he didn't seem to have a problem with it, he let some words slip most of the time. Respect and honor were important, and despite saying that so often he was sitting on his ass at home after being fired, not even bothering to look for a new job. And so you left. Of course you did, because he couldn't take care of you, couldn't take care of your child. But he was easily angered. And one day, on your way home after picking up your daughter from kindergarten, he appears in front of you, screaming, waving a knife in your face. You trigger as you hear your daughter cry - there was blood on the knife and none on you."
"A bomb blast hits the school, and you're apparently one of the few classes that didn't make it to the anti-endbringer shelter in the basement. The class you teach huddles beneath a crumbling ceiling, surrounded by grit and rubble, in almost complete darkness. Hours pass and there is no sign of help; you give the reassurances you can, keep an upbeat tone, and fight the panic, even getting students to join in a sing-along. But you feel your strength gradually slipping, the wound from your leg is bleeding and nobody knows it. The pain is winning out, and the agony of it all is that when you break, when you fall, you know the small children will too. If you give into the pain and start screaming, they will too, if you pass out, they'll fall into despair, or even kill themselves trying to dig to safety like you've had to tell them time and time again not to do. Dying, knowing that you'll inadvertently take your students with you, you trigger."
"You always chew on your thumb when you are nervous, removing skin so often that it grew hard. Being nervous wasn't something that just happened, though, no. It was all according to plan, just like always, standing in front of the trunk, the corpse of the girl you had inside still there. But something moved her, you saw. You saw it! Someone moved her! Her hair was not in the same position! Your teeth rip through the skin and flesh on your thumb, drawing blood. You trigger as you see blue lights, hearing loud calls. Policemen rushed into the garage. ""You are under arrest!"""
"You're never telling anyone about your trigger event. Some people have their first crush when they're thirteen or so. You didn't. You discovered a flirtation with bondage, instead. You had everything rigged properly, including an electric toothbrush turned to 'on', and bike-locked yourself to a chin-up bar, with the key frozen in a block of ice, so you can let yourself out when the fun is over. But when the ice melts, the key remains stuck to the chain, just out of reach of your fingertips. Your flailing, stomping, screaming and hot breath don't free it. Trapped by your own devising, you trigger.
"
"The short flight you'd been taking to see your in-laws crash-landed in a forest clearing. Out of the eighteen people on board, you're the only one who wasn't killed on impact. The small plane carried little in the way of rations, and you're soon stuck wandering through the cold, hostile, oppresive forest in search of food and safety. You recognize the sounds of a highway, and approach it, trying to flag down a driver - not that there are that many out, at this time of night, in the middle of nowhere. But nonetheless, a small sedan speeds down the highway. You hop out into the road, arms flailing like a crazy axe-murderer, but the car doesn't stop. It keeps on going, straight at you. In your confusion and exhaustion, you fail to move out of the way, and you're rammed and tossed over the windshield, battered, starving, and freezing to death on a highway. Trigger."
"You're working towards your PhD in a lab when your beaker of ethanol is almost empty and go to fill it up with a large bottle of it. You hadn't realised your beakers contents were on fire. Flame flashes up the pouring stream and into the bottle which explodes, covering you in broken glass and liquid fire. You trigger later in hospital, after the first of your major skin grafts hearing how you survived because you'd been wearing a labcoat...and your two students watching, who you'd told didn't need labcoats to watch a safe procedure, were dead."
"You’ve been working as an attendant the gym for a couple weeks now. Your boss, whom you have become friends with, finally invites you back to see her office, a room only she was a allowed into before now. Inside, you find that there are a row of televisions, each of them hooked up to video streams. Your boss shows off how she has hooked up cameras everywhere as they click through feeds. Everywhere, from the bathroom stalls to locker rooms to behind mirrors in privacy rooms, in full color. You try your best to not show it, but something on your face suddenly makes her look disgruntled at your discomfort. She confronts you, a completely different person, shoving you into a wall next to the table with televisions. At another shove, you trip over a cable and knock a TV into the ground, shattering it. Furious, she begins to beat you, a former athlete in her own right. She doesn’t seem inclined to stop. You trigger."
"You joined the activist group like so many people do - a hottie lured you in. It's ironic that your first big protest was about police brutality, doubly so that it turned violent, largely in part to the police's actions. Funny thing is, the police were given a mess of nonlethal weapons after one too many criminals were killed in the line of duty, and they're scarier with them than they were with regular guns, because they aren't holding back at all. Your hottie gets the butt of a nonlethal gun to the gut, the activist leader gets shot with tasers, and you- you back away, as three police officers converge on you with their brightly colored beanbag guns. The one in the lead smiles as he cocks his beanbag gun, and it's a mean smile, one that suggests he's going to enjoy the pummeling he and his buddies are about to give you.
"
"There was an accident, all screaming metal and tumbling concrete. You aren't sure how, but you muzzily come to in darkness. You feel yourself breathing dust and coughing something wet against the nearby rubble, each cough burning your throat. You can't move, you can't see well and, fear creeps into you as you realize that you don’t think you can even feel your arms and legs. After eternity, you start to hear shifting rubble and voices. Desperate, you will them to you. They get close, almost within arm's reach, when you hear someone call for a break. As the voices retreat, you try to moan but all that comes is pain and more muted coughing. The voices vanish and you are alone again. You trigger."
"It... was a mistake, admitting it to your parents. Coming out is hard, those forums on the internet said. Of course it is - not only finding the courage to do it, but also to live with the consequences. It started small, a bit of anger in the house, your father screaming at you all the time until you couldn't take it anymore and left. It escalated quickly as your mother called you, hoping to meet you so you could talk for a bit. She said that your father wasn't home... but he is. Together with your uncles. You barely dodge a punch to your face and run to the door, trying to open it... but finding it locked. Your mother is weeping as she holds the key. You trigger, desperately trying to open the door as the men approach you."
"There isn’t really any room for you to go lower. You live on the streets barely scraping by, doing so for years now. The only light is this girl that sometimes gives you food. Recently she even started talking to you. She appears more and more often, wants to know your story. She starts bringing you more things. First its just food but then she brings you her sibling’s old winter coat, a pair of boots from her parent and so on. And you really want to give something back. You make a genuine effort to somehow get out of your hole. You get in contact with an old friend and they offer you a job. You go for the opportunity. Things are going upwards, you get your own small place and a better job. You haven’t seen the girl for some time because you couldn’t be at your usual place but you often go there and wait in the hope of seeing her again. One day someone talks to you. It’s the girl’s sibling. She was mugged as she was looking for you and died in the hospital. You trigger as you stand in front of her grave, feeling guilty for the death of the one person that helped you when you had noone."
"You don’t fit in. You don’t fit in at home, you don’t fit in at school. Your parents and your classmates seem to go out of their way to make your life miserable and there’s this constant pressure inside of you. You’ve taken to cutting just to feel some kind of relief and you’ve found the sharp pain helps you get through the day. On a particularly stressful day, you escape to the bathroom early, and that’s when they find you. A couple of your classmates shove you down, take your blade and cut deep. With humiliation, shame and pain coursing through you, you trigger."
"It was supposed to rigged as usual; you rile the crowd up while smack-talking about the champ's family or something, rough them up a bit, and then they'd come back and knock you the fuck out. Sure, it hurt, and it was strenuous and dangerous, but it paid pretty damn well. But this time, maybe you hit him too hard, maybe he's been having a bad day, but when he goes to knock you out he hits you right in the bridge of the nose, smashing it backwards into your skull. Trigger as you feel the cartilage squelch into your frontal lobe."
"You're in the midst of teaching a class when you get a phone call. The team that was working on renvoating your house hit a water main, and the property is flooded. Years of first edition books ruined. You'll get the money back, but a collection you've worked on since you were twenty is gone and ruined.
"
"Funny thing is, you're not the type most would think of. From a nice family, though they don't talk to you anymore, and you were attractive, once, and you had all the potential in the world. But you grew up in a home without boundaries, and to test those boundaries, you had to go... a little off the beaten track. The destination was cocaine. You had money, and the money's somehow all gone. Desperate for your next fix, with vivid, crazy dreams and restlessness, depression, and feeling like shit, you can't pull the money together, and your dealers aren't forking it over. You trigger as you reach the point where you're just about ready to claw the skin off your face."
"You boat capsizes during a storm. You manage to survive, washing ashore a tiny island, barely a strip of sand far away from any proper land. You have no food, fresh water, or shelter. Four days later, with the sweltering sun cooking you and your body depleted in every way imaginable, you trigger."
"You have what looks to be the perfect life, from all appearances, and it's one you earned with hard work. You're the high school quarterback, you're smart and you get good grades, you're well behaved and a regular at your church, you volunteer to help teach disadvantaged kids, and more. The girls want you, the guys respect and look up to you. The only problem is that you're gay. In the kind of community you've grown up in, that's just not an acceptable way to be, and you're at peace with that; you can deal with it for now, staying in the closet rather than taking the risk of coming out. You stay single, and occasionally look at gay porn on your computer. One day, though, your dad finds it in the browser history, and he traps you in your room and unloads on you, screaming his head off, demanding to know why you're looking at this ""sick filth"". Trigger."
"You've suffered from 'blackouts' all your life. Short little blanks in your memory where you just can't remember anything. You've been to the doctor many times - it's a medical condition, and it doesn't affect you in any other way. But every relationship you've had has fallen apart because of it - you just want them to stop. You've tried everything, from scientific procedures to clean living to goddamn shamans. Nothing works. But you find a cape advertising a way to heal yourself of mental conditions, or at least help you remember during your blackouts. You pay them, week after week, but the blackouts get worse. Things start falling apart, you can't hold onto a job, and your partner split with you particularly violently. You find yourself irritable and angry, falling out with friends and family alike. After a couple of months, you confront them - and realise what's happened. They've been taking control of your life, implanting suggestions ever since you started seeing them. They've been ruining your life and taking your money, even turning your friends against you. They leave, and there's nothing you can do to stop them, after they've torn your life apart."
"You're what they call a cape groupie. Somebody who is interested in capes, enough to do all kinds of things to get with one. You've bounced, once or twice, from a cape to the next, when they wound up arrested or moving out of the city. It's hard to get a new one, but capes, generally, like groupies. You're loyal, reliable, have stars in your eyes and can be extraordinarily helpful. Your latest parahuman paramour was a villain, really minor stuff. Robbing convenience stores, breaking into armored vans, the petty cape things. You came with them on a job, and it all went horribly wrong. Two people died, and the heroes are outside. You've got a gun, but you've never shot anybody before. Your lover is giving you the occasional half-hearted smile, trying to reassure you, at the same time as they try to come up with some way out of this. They never get the chance. The heroes burst in, and your beloved is on the ground in moments, your gun flying out of your hand as some cape screws you over before you can even take a shot. Trigger."
"“Fuck spiders fuck spiders fuck spidersfuckspidersfuckspidersfuck-”

All through middle school you were terrorized by the goddamn arachnids. Every kid in class knew you were scared of them and Johnny, that one asshole who got through puberty before all the other guys and made himself feel better by making other kids feel low, had used his pet tarantula on many occasions to publicly humiliate you. Now it's sophomore year and you're going to get the fucker back. You just caught a spider in the backyard and you're going to give the asshole a taste of his own medicine.

You sneak the creature into Johnny's locker during class. Once you've done the deed, you turn and notice a girl watching you, horrified. Whatever, you think. Serves him right.

That afternoon you're called to the principal's office. As you make your way through the halls, you notice a crowd of people watching as an ambulance drives away. Wonder what happened, you think.

In a corner of the office sits the girl from before. The principal asks if it is true that you snuck a brown recluse spider into the belongings of another student. Your eyes widen as she explains how your actions endangered another student's life. She solemnly informs you that you're suspended indefinitely until an appropriate punishment can be formulated.

It doesn't matter. You find out quickly over social media that all of your old friends and acquaintances now despise you for what you've done. Nobody asks you for your side of the story, and besides, nobody will believe that it was a mistake or accept that you were too stupid to know how dangerous the spider was before you slipped it in his stuff. Soon, you discover that you are virtually friendless. Then, as if to hammer the point home, your house gets a call. It's Johnny's parents. He was allergic to the spider bite and between the allergic reaction and the necrosis that typically accompanies a brown recluse spider bite, his current condition is critical. They are pressing charges on the child who endangered their son's life. You trigger when it dawns on you that your life is now in shambles because of one stupid mistake."
"You crossed the wrong grandmother. See, you've gotten on people's bad sides before, but this time, wow. You ripped off an old woman, and her grandson worked for this guy. He's a debt collector, and out of generosity and goodwill, he offered to handle the assrat (you) who went after a nice old lady. You took her stuff and knocked her down, but you didn't realize it was enough of a knock to hospitalize her. It doesn't really matter. What matters is that he's got you tied down, a hose up your rear and down your throat, and he's using a wooden rod to help ram liquid concrete down that hose. You're to be made an example of, you see. You trigger as you feel the weight in your gut, burning."
"He was your first real love, the man you thought you'd spend the rest of your life with, and he died. The two of you were expecting, and you had hoped to have that child together. Now that he's gone, you're going to keep the child. Something permanent, that shows that he was here, that he loved you, that you loved him. Your baby will grow up and carry on some small part of the man you loved and lost. Then came the accident. A minor thing, some bruises and scrapes, but you were fine. The only problem is that your baby didn't make it. Trigger."
"Your coworker likes to scare you, and every time you're scared, you yelp in a way he thinks is hilarious. It isn't, but he thinks he can get a compilation online for millions of views. As you get more wary, he steps up his game. You don't know how he found out - you haven't told anyone in years - but he found out you had recurring nightmares as a kid, being clawed apart by clowns. Maybe it's meant as the capstone of his video, the final moment, meant to follow after a sniggering introduction to the moment. It doesn't matter. You're working the night shift when they come out of the woodwork. Dwarves in clown masks with Freddy Krueger gloves. They tackle you, climbing on you, puling you to the ground, and all reason goes out the window. In the panic, you don't realize that it's a mere accident that you fell on the points of one claw when you were pulled to the ground. Only a scratch, not important, but in your mind, the nightmare is coming real, your eyes on the clown masks and the claws that are about to tear you into tiny pieces."
"Your wife is barren - unable to concieve. After ten years and tens of thousands of dollars spent on every fertility treatment imaginable, she finally becomes pregnant. It's a grueling nine months, wracked with pains and suffering for her, but you make it together. However, just two weeks before the predicted delivery date, your wife enters labor early, at home. You rush her to the hospital, but the contractions have been slowly tearing her apart, dislocating her hips and tearing muscles. You wait nervously in the lobby, when a doctor approaches you. The internal bleeding was too much. Your wife is dead. And to top it all off, the baby died with her, drowned in its mother's blood."
"Your sociopath neighbor always bullied you. You knew there was something wrong about her, she had a look in her eyes, and talked about horrible things in such a cavalier way. When she crossed a line and talked about hurting your little brother between classes one day, you passed on word to your teachers and parents. The look she gave you- horrifying. That she got away with only a warning- that was worse. But your family's new puppy, a therapy dog for your dad, happened to go missing shortly after, and that was worst of all. Until a link was sent to your phone. A video. A crush site, the sort of thing you'd never even heard of before. You watched in horror as a faceless girl in her underwear, your neighbor, no doubt, murdered your pet for the titillation of the masses."
"You come from a fat family, and you used to be a fat kid, but you've started exercising and eating right, and the weight is just sliding off. No more soda, just water. Meals with carefully measured out calories. Thirty minutes of jogging thrice weekly. You're young, but there's no time like the present to get started on a healthy life. The problem is that you've been taking a lot of shit. Your whole family is horribly overweight, your old friends all are too, and neither group is supportive of your newfound fitness frenzy. Somebody said something to somebody else, and now you're sitting with a therapist, the looming threat of an eating disorder diagnosis hanging over your head. She offers you a Hershey's kiss. ""It's no big deal,"" she says, ""if you aren't anorexic…"" You don't want to break your diet, but whatever, it's just one. You take it. It isn't just one. She keeps offering you another, and another, clearly not inclined to take no for an answer. The thing is, chocolate's always tasted awful to you, and it turns out that's because you're actually allergic. Partway through the session, you start vomiting on the floor right in the therapist's office, feeling like you're about to die. You keep vomiting even after your stomach's emptied completely, that disgusting green stomach acid coming out in little splatters as you dry heave on the floor. ""Bulimia,"" the therapist says, in a knowing voice. Oh fuck. Trigger."
"You learned a very important lesson in life today: Gas station bathrooms are not a smart place to try your luck with a glory hole. Some sick sadistic psycho rigged up a food processor behind it, and you just stuck your schlong in it."
"You slept with the wrong girl, a mob boss's daughter, maybe his wife. Long story short, you're being shoved feet-first into an ice chipper, and as it stutters and grinds its way through your thighs, spattering you and your captors in copious amounts of bloody giblets, you trigger."
"Car Wash? A hood ornament was struck free, and you opt to go collect it before it can pop a tire, cause problems, or the customer returns. You tell the next customer to wait two minutes, sprint through to collect the ornament, and your foot gets caught in the track for one of the roaming sprayers. Two minutes pass, and the wash whirs to life. The wax application gun is right above you, and a drop lands on your shoulder. Vents for hot water are on either side. You trigger as the door begins to open, the hoses on the far side already begin to spray, then ones closer to you..."
"Two years, seven months together. It's lovely, at first, finally free from the overbearing family, but living alone, just the two of you, is hard. Neither of you can hold a job for long, and after the first three or four she goes through, she just kind of... stops. Maybe it's shock, disappointment, the blatant, glaring disparity between the ideals she held and the life you live now, but when she's not asleep, she's screaming, cursing at you, blaming you for everything. You've sold off most of what you own now, but even with that it seems impossible to help her. After coming back from the psychiatrist, scheduling an appointment for next week, you come home to find her lying cold and unbreathing in the bath. You're numb, unthinking, halfway through your call with the psychiatrist, cancelling the appointment, when the phone drops from your hand and it finally sinks in."
"It started with identity theft. Cards declined, money disappearing from accounts, even as you changed to new ones. You almost lost your job, and even after you recovered it, you still had wary looks from your employer. It seems whoever is doing this to you isn't content to do economic and social injury, stealing your name, but physical injury as well. Loan sharks they hired come after you, guns in hand, apparently intent on making an example out of you for crimes you didn't commit."
"You found a nice chatroom online, but made a mistake. You started to lie, about your gender, about your personality, about your home, your friends. It seemed to be small at first, everyone lies on the internet right? So what if you pretend that you have cancer, or were abused as child, or that your parents threw you out when you were 15? But sadly you were a bit too open with some information that shouldn't be given freely - and then, one day, a person from the chat decides to drop by, a surprise visit, who knows your last name - but you didn't know that at first. When you told him you didn't know anyone with the name you gave in chat, you realize it, and he does too. You know each other from chat, and he immediately leaves. It didn't take long for him to log in and tell everyone, showing proof that he was actually there, and no one in chat is talking with you anymore until a mod steps in and bans you. You are left alone, staring at the screen - but nothing bad would come from this, right? Wrong. A week later you can find a picture online, chat message logs plastered all over, websites laughing about you, people insulting you after they found your social media profile, and in school/work nobody even looks you in the eye anymore."
"You've been studiously working towards your degree, researching under some of the top scientific minds in the past few decades. You've been chugging along, dedicating your entire life towards this goal. You can visualize your dream perfectly, by this stage. Your name, right alongside the greats, on a world-changing report in the highest-esteemed scientific journals. It's these visions that distract you as you trip over a coolant tube, toppling into the path of a high-power laser beam, just as your research head flips it on. As the laser chars and sears your flesh, filling the lab with the very pleasant scent of cooking meat, you trigger."
"You're doing the laundry when your child's school calls you - there's been a fight, and your child instigated it. Normally, it would be dealt with by a suspension and an apology essay on all sides, but the victim in this case is in critical condition in the hospital, greviously wounded by overzealous bullies - one of which is your child. As your friends, all fellow parents, abandon you, not willing to have their children spend time near your monster, you trigger, not in shame for your child, but out of selfishness, knowing you'll never be accepted again."
"You've always wanted to be a fighter pilot when you grew up, just like every other kid and their dreams of a fantastical action-packed jobventure. Unlike most of them, however, you actually followed through, even making it into the Naval Weapons Academy. On a routine training exercise, your rival, and wingman, showboats as usual, but this time, he's also flying in formation with you- very close formation. You're caught in his jetwash, sending your fighter into an uncontrolled spiral, g-forces sending your limbs flailing. Unable to reach the eject lever, and with the ground rapidly approaching, you trigger."
"Your crazed and controlling parents overreact to your eating a damn pop tart, handing your fourteen year old self a roll of toilet paper, a whistle and a watch, telling you you're sleeping outside in the woods for a week, and that they'll give you a meal a day through the fence if you show up at the appropriate time. On the second day, there's a brutal there-were-warnings-on-TV storm, with lightning strikes nearby and driving rain and winds. In the midst of it all, everything coming together, you trigger.
"
"You were enjoying your dinner in the mall restaurant when a cape fight broke out. A fireball was flung at the crowd, and a hero erected a timely forcefield, protecting you and others. But between destruction and the forcefields, you're effectively trapped as the fire rages around you. Others flee, the fight continues off in another direction, and you're left stuck in an enclosure of forcefields and shattered booths. The fire around you isn't the problem, but the smoke is. You experience a fleeting moment of hope when the PRT arrives, dumping containment foam on fires, but that only serves to fix the surface problem. The forcefield keeps the containment foam from burying you, leaving you caught, still roasting while inhaling the too-hot smoke from fires burning beneath the floor. Trigger as hope fades and you realize you've been doomed to death by smoke and slow roasting.
"
"Sophomore year, you rushed for an average of eight and a third yards per carry, all eyes were on you. Junior year, blew your knee out at an out of town game, nowhere for you to go but down, down, down, nothing but the ground left for you to fall to. By July, you made a whole bunch of brand new friends- people you used to look down on. And you’d figured out a way to make real money, selling ends to your friends and it felt stupendous, chrome spokes on your Japanese bike. But selling acid was a bad idea, and selling it to a cop was a worse one- the new law said seventeen-year-olds could do federal time; you were the first one."
"Your family has lived in America for years ever since you were little. You're used to keeping your head down, avoiding anything that would involve put yourself out there or attracting unwanted attention. That's why you didn't know anybody you could turn to when the dreaded IT happens. The door to your house is open when you get home from school, and nobody is home. The place is a mess, as if there was a struggle. You wait in your wrecked home for hours, curled up on the couch as the pit in your stomach growing larger with each passing minute. Eventually you have to face the facts: You're utterly alone, left behind in a country that doesn't want you there. Trigger."
"Your first day working with your uncle's yardwork service- a shit job, but your parents want you to chip in while you stay with them, trying to work out what to do with your life and your Philosophy degree. Hours of raking, hauling mulch et cetera have left you bushwacked in the heat of the day, and halfway through mowing the place's yard, the damn mower's stopped working, stuttering to a gasping halt. Your uncle told you this happens time to time, so you turn it off and find some stretch of metal cord wound around the blades, a couple sharp tugs unable to dislodge it. A third attempt, and the sound of whining 
metal- and you're screaming as blood gushes out of your stump hand in time with your pounding heart. You trigger."
"Its been years since you last went fishing, but for some reason youve had a wave of nostalgia recently and decided you want to get back into it. You buy the best new fishing rod you can from your local tackle shop and head out to the seaside. Renting out a motorboat, you ride out nice and far, just like you used to. You throw your first line, but youre way out of practice and on the backswing, the hook whips into your left eye, ripping across the cornea and embedding itself in your nose. You lose your balance and fall into the water, screaming. As you sink into the lake, a maelstrom of bubbles escaping your lips, you feel water rushing into your mouth and lungs. Trigger."
"You're a pursuit cop. The best of the best, with the baddest car on the force. Escapees, gangsters, it doesn't matter. None of them can get away from you. But when a new gang comes to town, more brutal, more vicious, and when the conflict gets more intense, you start to worry. He who fights monsters becomes one, not to mention there's your wife and young son. Your boss convinces you to take a vacation, calm down a little, but you're followed. Your wife and son go to get ice cream while you get a tire fixed. You go to meet up with them while the mechanic does his work, only to find them bloody, motionless on the ground, surrounded by gangsters. The gangsters laugh when they see the horror on your face. Trigger."
"Your parents divorced, and it would be something of an understatement to say you were caught in the middle. In a ceaseless struggle to 'win' the divorce, you were the biggest playing piece, used against one parent and then used against the other. For your mother you were the carer, the listening ear, the sensitive one, acting as if you shared in her outrage over your father's actions. To your father you were the disciplined student, the careful one, the 'good' child. Putting on a brave face in school, trying to act normal around friends, you nonetheless were being pulled into pieces as sure as someone who was being drawn and quartered. You started to slip, elements bleeding over. Everyone seemed to turn on you, as you betrayed their expectations. It was almost a relief, to be done with it all, to be hated. You pawned off every gift you'd been given to curry favor, and bought a train out, with no plans to return. But sitting in your seat, you felt anxiety take hold. You didn't know who to be. Paralyzed, you trigger."
"The collar digs into you neck as you strain once more to break free, bare feet and hands scrabbling at the dirt. The short chain confines you to a three foot radius around your prison, a small, ugly doghouse. Toys, balls, and bones litter the area, along with half-full dishes of water and foul tasting dogfood. After three weeks the smell of the 'home' has become unbearable, but you know better than to complain, or make any human sounds at all.
But you don't have to talk for your Owner to know how sick you're getting. You've lost weight, you can't keep any food down, and you're trembling all of the time. Your Owner comes over, needle in one hand, steak in the other, and tearfully announces that you'll have to be put down. Trigger."
"Stupid. Evil. Trying to kill them. According to your screaming child and their Borderline Personality Disorder, these are all things that describe you. You ignore their insults and struggle to hold them down as they squirm, kick, punch, and scream. The other members of your family look on, all too used to these episodes. You think you're through the worst of it, then a fist catches you square in the mouth and you lose it. You can't take this any more. You haul them to their feet, slam them into the wall, and punch them in their face, over and over again as your family watches, horrified. Awash in a mixture of shame and rage, you trigger."
"You've loved her since you were kids, but it never got as far as you wanted it to. You were always seeing other people, one always in a relationship while the other was single. You would have dropped anyone, if she had asked. But she didn't. The final time you were both single at the same time, you waited one day too late. Someone else swooped her off of her feet. You weren't happy, but you tried to be, for her. You stayed in touch, but you never got married. You always held out hope. Years pass, and you never noticed the signs, until it was too late. You trigger when you hear the news: Her husband stabbed her over 40 times, until she bled to death on their front porch."
"The blackmailer just wouldn’t stop. At first it was just money. It was enough to hurt, but not worth everyone knowing your secret. Then it was documents from your government job which he somehow obtained records of you accessing. Then it was insurance fraud, then arson, and each time the evidence mounted against you. Eventually your original crime looked petty compared to all the things you’d done to keep people from knowing. Standing above the body of the man he’s told you to kill you hear the sirens. The police are already beating in the door. You’ve outlived your usefulness. He’s cashed you in. Trigger."
"You hate doctors. Hate them. That's why when you sliced your leg open on the playground, you didn't tell anyone. Not even when it started to smell funny, or turned black and green. A few days, later, you're finding it hard to concentrate on what the teacher is saying, and the blackboard has gone blurry. You collapse, and wake up in a strange place, head still fuzzy and throbbing. Tubes are sticking out of your arm, there's a mask over your face...wait, is this an ambulance? Oh hell no. You struggle to get up, kicking over equipment, biting and kicking the EMTs that are now pinning you down. They're too strong, and there's no way you can escape. Trigger.Teller"
"Your parents set a bad example for you. You never learned to mediate conflict with your partner any way besides violence, and you already had a pretty short trigger. When you'd argue, you'd yell, scream, and eventually hit. It's normal to you. Your current partner's pretty much the same way. Whenever you get in an argument, it ends in bruises, scrapes, cuts, ripped out chunks of hair, and more. Once or twice one of you has had to go to the hospital. This time, though, it went too far. A fight over the dishes escalated into a screaming match, and then you started hitting. They hit back, and soon enough, the two of you are rolling on the floor, your fingers digging into their skin, occasionally punching them in the gut. They grab a plate and slam it into your face, ceramic shattering in the process, and they keep using the biggest shard, which cuts into your skin horribly. There's far too much blood spilling out onto the floor, and you realize it before they do, screaming at them, trying to get them to stop. They don't, confusing fear for more anger. Trigger."
"It had been going so well. Your small business was successful, you had a wonderful fiancée, and your family looked at you in envy at your success. But then you got a bit confident, jumped off a small height into the water, showing off. Now, you knew, that you should have checked the water before. But you didn't, and you broke your neck. A one in a million chance, the docs said, that you survived. A one in a billion chance that you can even still regain the strength in your legs. And you were happy that you did too, of course! But then... your life fell apart. Your family didn't visit you as you were lying in that hospital bed, unable to move your head. You could no longer work, and the money got tight - your business had to close. You trigger as your fiancée closes the door behind her, the ring in your hand being the only thing she left behind."
"You see a stray dog staggering up the street, malnourished and possibly injured. Your heart breaks, and you rush forward to feed it some of your lunch. Trigger as the dog attacks you, knocking you into the mud and tearing into your hand with enough maddened vigor that you feel teeth scraping bone"
"You've always been entranced with fire. The perfect vehicle of destruction, unrelenting in its beauty. You started small, just campfires, but you could hear the whispers in the crackling- ""more, more, feed me more,"" it hissed. Eventually, you worked yourself up to the biggest boom of all: attempting to blow up a gas station. With your Molotovs, thermite, and homemade napalm in hand, you started firebombing a local truck stop as the fuel tanker pulled in to restock. You're in awe of the ensuing lightshow, not noticing until too late the fires licking up your arms and legs. Law enforcement finds you burning and wailing, suffering from smoke inhalation, and unceremoniously tosses you in the back of the van. You trigger in prolonged agony, entire body suffering under the callous hands of the master you served so faithfully, burns left untreated in the holding cell and screaming for water or relief from your pain."
"You're working underneath your piece of crap car, trying to find the source of a strange noise you've been hearing lately. You're covered in grease and oil, exhausted, and not thinking clearly. You didn't use jack stands, you didn't block the wheels...and now the vehicle rolls forward, and tons of steel slam down on top of you. Trigger."
"Your team is practicing at the field. A few of you are doing laps, others are practicing their hammer throws. The coach has stepped away for a few minutes, and  a few people are goofing off. You're working on your discus technique, not paying much attention to anyone else, when you hear a collective cry of warning. You turn around just fast enough to see the javelin before it slams into your stomach. Trigger."
"You went in for plastic surgery, now nobody will meet you in the eye. People are talking behind your back, saying the doctors did something very, very wrong, but won't say it to your face. You had everything done, head to toe, and the damage is impossible to put into words, but it's twisted everything, ruined every relationship. Slowly, the truth becomes apparent. Your brother had the surgeon do it because of sibling rivalry, your mom helped him, and in reality, everyone's fucking with you, to the point of ruining your damn /body/. Your attempts to go to police and hospitals are met with skepticism, even after you show them the damage. It all comes to a head when your family corners you, surrounds you, and try to extend the lie to mess with you - that you're a schizophrenic having your first break, it's all the schizophrenia, it's /not/ okay to strip naked in hospital waiting rooms and police department lobbies, and they aren't your enemy. Then they prove the lie by trying to take every last thing from you by suggesting you go to a hospital. A permanent stay in a padded cell. Seething, outraged and lost, you trigger.
"
"You end up on the receiving end of a freak chain of events - completely undeserved. Not that that matters now, with your car, and you in it, buried under a massive mound of trash and detritus courtesy of the broken dump truck ahead of you. As the frame creaks and cracks spiderweb across the windshield, tons of crap about to crush you, you trigger."
"You've been living at Zach's run down apartment with your SO- mattresses on his empty living room floor, he's actually got a job, and you never see him, so you two have the place to yourself. Zach's bad at paying the bills, weeks can go by without power, water or internet- usually one is down. Therefore, you're not surprised to wake and find the power's out- business as usual. Your SO goes to heat up the TV dinners in the oven. She opens it, and the smell of off eggs and minerals that's been lingering for a day or two intensifies. Before you can stop her, she pulls out her lighter to see what the issue is- and the place explodes. Half-blind, charred, and ears ringing, you trigger."
"No one plays Revenant Scope, an MMO FPS game, like you do. Well, almost no one. You're ranked #3 in the world, a ranking you've slaved to achieve. Conventions, a fan following, and you're just now getting into the emerging eSports scene; you're actually starting to make money off this. Life is grand. And then Awkward Turtle Inc. the company that develops and maintains the game, issues an announcement - the founders have committed massive acts of fraud and insider trading, and the company as a whole is being shut down. Frantically, you pull up your RS profile, but it, like all the others, has been deleted. No income, no marketable skills, and most importantly, hundreds of wasted hours gone, you sit in profound shock for thirty minutes struggling with your life's new prospects before you trigger."
"Fast food is a thankless industry, and your manager is ruthlessly cheap. It's a Friday night, and you're severely understaffed, as per usual. Then Shannon, who is usually on deep frying, calls in sick again, so you're having to do her job too on top of it all. Rushing back and forth as the orders start pouring in, the kitchen is going all to hell. You slip on a spill that should have been cleaned up ages ago, and you plunge your hand straight into the fryer trying to catch yourself. Your fingers catch in the laden mesh frying basket, and several agonizing, scream-filled seconds pass before you manage to extricate your horribly mangled hand. Writhing on the floor, you trigger."
"You miss her. She was a wonderful girl, someone who you could have spent the rest of your life with. But she went ahead and died, leaving you miserable, sitting alone at her funeral. Her siblings used to be your best friends, and all they do now is leave you, ignoring you, talking with everyone but you. It's not like you don't notice. All her friends, all the people that bothered to appear, but not one word for you. You trigger as you stand in front of the crowd, trying to find your voice to give a small speech, while everyone seems to be busy doing anything instead of listening to you. They can't even give her that final honor."
"You're engaged in some... erotic behavior with your lover, culminating in you handcuffed to the bed, spread-eagle, your partner looming over you with a cat'o'nine-tails, when they suddenly collapse on you, not breathing. Trapped under them, and with the key to the cuffs on the dresser across the room, you wait for three grueling days, wearing your wrists and ankles raw against the cuffs, your lover's rotting body slowly filling with maggots. Your nose clogged with the stench of death, and the maggots making their way to your orifices and wounds, you trigger."
"You're working between two train cars when things suddenly move. You leap for safety, but only half of you makes it, the remainder sandwiched violently between pieces of metal. The pain is bad, but not as bad as you would have thought. People are called, the ambulances arrive, and then a team of doctors appear. They give you the bad news. Crush syndrome, it's called. Your lower skeleton was crushed, your kidneys are failing, and when things are pulled apart, your entire body is going to be flooded with the byproducts of destroyed muscle and bone. They dope you up, give you time to prepare your family, and counsel you about the shockingly low chance you'll survive, and then prep you, giving you something to drink. As things are pulled apart, however, you feel yourself dying, and you trigger."
"A head injury leads to induced prosopagnosia - the inability to recognize people, even when you know what they look like you can't connect the dots and put a name to the face. You're alone in a crowd of your loved ones, trigger."
"Your SO has a bit of a temper issue. They lose it far too easily. But that's ok, you love them and you have learned to tiptoe around it. But you resent them for it. When they start drinking, you make yourself tiptoe even more around, but the resentment turns to hate. One night, after your SO comes home remarkably drunk, you've had enough. You scream, they scream, and soon things turn violent. Your SO manages to throw you to the floor, and in their rage, starts to choke you. You trigger when you feel your throat give way under their grip."
"""You work as a prison guard. It's not fancy, but it pays well. Most daysgo around as you would expect on a prison. That is, until a fight breaksout in the cafeteria. As you smack people left and right to separatethem you feel a sharp pain on your side. Before you can react, you feelsomeone taking hold of your mouth keeping you from screaming out asyou're stabbed several times. Trigger. """
"You lose your legs, she loses her life. After the funeral, the entire community in which you live in fractures, because of how well known and liked your ex-wife was. Your family becomes distant, and sides are taken. Jokes have an air of malice to them, family gatherings are awkward. People treat you differently and hold things against you. One year later, you go to a bar with some cousins. Your ex-brother-in-law is there, drinking heavily. He pulls you out of your wheelchair, screaming curses and promises to do to you what you did on accident. He wins over the crowd of the bar, and your friends leave you there as a circle forms. You trigger as he punches you in the face and everyone watches from a safe distance."
"Its hot as hell in the middle of a desert. Well, anyone could tell you that, so you brought your canteen. But it wasnt quite enough. Youd forgotten a crucial part of your toolkit back at basecamp, so you had to walk back to grab it. But you decided to be clever. Youre a geologist, right? Maps are your business, so a quick glance at the topographic map shows a better way back to the camp that looks traversable. You head off the trail and cut your own way. Except, when you get to the part thats supposed to be traversable, it fucking well isnt. The map showed a gentle incline, but these are sheer cliff faces. Theres no way you can climb this. But you miscalculated the time it would take and youre all out of water. Youre starting to feel lightheaded, and going back to the trail will take much too long. You try to climb the cliff, but by the time youre half way up youve stopped sweating and youre starting to shake. Youre going to die out here because the map lied to you. As you lie down to catch your breath, you notice an honest-to-god vulture circling in the sky above you. Youre going to die, and that ugly bird is going to eat you. Trigger."
"""You got curbstomped, literally. A new gang rolled into town, displacingthe old one which your neighborhood had a working deal with. Theyasked for more protection money than you could all give, dealt to kids,crossed lines. You joined up with others to stand up to them and fightagainst everything they stood for, and you got singled out to be made anexample of, mouth pressed against the bottom bar of a metal stoolbefore the back of your head was kicked, hard. Your teeth were mangled,shattered and broken, jaw dislocated, face scarred. The jaw could befixed, but the teeth couldn't. Days after getting out of the hospital,you return to a new life, living as a symbol of the power the new ganghad over the community, as well as the broken resistance, teeth still inpieces, causing you constant pain. You trigger very quietly, after amother uses her hand to shield her small child's eyes from seeing yourface."""
"You were never comfortable with how others treated you for being a girl. As a small child, you felt a flutter in your heart whenever someone called you ""young man"" and a feeling of revulsion whenever your parents corrected them. At the age of seven, you took a pair of scissors to every dress you owned in disgust; when you did it a second time, your parents stopped buying you dresses. As a teenager, you cut your hair short, wore boys' clothes, bound your breasts, and took to a more masculine diminutive of your name (Chris instead of Christine, Frankie instead of Francesca, Jessie instead of Jessica, etc). If people mistook you for a boy, you certainly didn't correct them, letting them be wrong for as long as possible. You joined the drama club at school, in part because it was a place where you could pretend to be the opposite sex more or less openly. You always went for male roles, avoiding female ones with a fiery passion. Some of your friends decided you should ""branch out a little,"" made a dress in your size, and tried to force you into it. As you panic and fight against them, holding down bile at the thought of wearing clothes like that, you trigger."
"You started to dress in your mother's clothes as a way to deal with her loss. You knew it was not normal, but it made you feel good. Meanwhile your father seemed to get stay away from the house, giving you more time by yourself, making you feel more alone. One day you decide to take a walk, dressed in drag. Not in your neighborhood of course, maybe even in a nearby town. It makes you feel less alone. One day, as you walk by, you meet your father, holding hands with a woman you don't know. You trigger when he looks at you and his expression betrays his disgust."
"You're on a beach vacation with your friends- a term which here applies loosely. Always the butt of the joke, the back of the line, and the last to be invited anywhere, you get it- they only keep you around to make fun of you. Still, it's better than being alone, right? Your group digs a couple large pits in the sand, deep enough for several to sit in, to make some shade, and build a convenient hangout spot to discreetly smoke in. A little crossfaded, you fall asleep. You wake up to find your friends standing around the pit, laughing and kicking sand at you as if to bury you. Suddenly, one of the large, steep walls of the pit collapses in earnest, and you are immediately buried for real. You try to hold your breath, try to struggle, but the wet sand is too heavy to move- you cough, and inhale some sand, and cough more, and inhale more- and you trigger as you realize you're going to asphyxiate."
"You love spooky stories, creepy tales and the latest urban legends. You hunt them down, try to prove them, rush through the strangest of places. This time you are investigating a monster in the depths of an old school that the mayor promised to rebuild, but never did. Your flashlight flickers slightly as you turn into a small room, until you come face to face with the beast... the first time any of the legends are actually true. Or not. You recognize the symbol on it: ""C"". Finally standing in front of a true legend, you see the beast look up and rush at you, attempting to bite your head of. You can't move... and you trigger as you feel the monster's fangs pierce your skin."
"You knew that online dating was a bad idea, but you just couldn't help it could you? “It'll be fun!” your friends said. “Come on, just try one date.”And so you did. You found a fairly attractive man and started exchanging messages. You even went on a date with him. But then you realized that this person was crazy. You firmly declined any advances and tried to end the date as politely as possible, but he insisted on talking to you and seeing you more, even following you to your neighborhood in his car.Before you knew it, he was blowing up your online profile. You blocked him, only to find that your date had already made 5 other profiles to contact you with. So you closed down your profile for good. Then your phone buzzed. And buzzed. And buzzed. 33 messages in ten minutes, each one slightly more threatening than the last. Blocking the number didn't help. How he got a hold of 6 different phone numbers you'll never know. One message asked to confirm your address so he could talk this “misunderstanding” over with you in person. How did he get your address? You call the cops, but through sheer stupidity on the part of the law, pure genius on the part of your stalker, or some unholy combination of the two, your old date gets off with a metaphorical slap on the wrist and he continues his behavior as if nothing ever happened.Now you're reaching a breaking point. You're looking over your shoulder every minute of every day. You're scared to answer the phone. You can't go online without being bombarded with emails and PMs. You don't leave the house unless absolutely necessary. Your health is failing and the people around you are concerned. Finally, one of your friends tells you that they're willing to let you live with them for a little while until this whole situation blows over. You breathe a sigh of relief and get into your car in the dead of night. As you look in the rear-view mirror while backing out of your driveway, you notice a person in the car and you are knocked out before you can scream. You wake up in a panic, tied and gagged at the mercy of your stalker, where you trigger."
"If you're not living on the edge, you're taking up too much space.
Who even said that quote? You don't know, but it's been your mantra for the past few weeks now. Skydiving, rock climbing, jet skiing- if you can think of it, you've probably tried it at some point. Your best friend was recently diagnosed with a terminal illness, and rather than moping around in a hospital bed, she's blowing the last of her savings so that the two of you can finish her bucket list. This time you're going deep-sea diving. You've been putting this one off, to be honest. But hey, the girl's only got a few months to live. You can put off a little claustrophobia and fear of open waters for her, right?

So now here you are, who-knows-how-many leagues under the sea, stuck in a tiny cramped suit, surrounded by creatures the likes of which you could never possibly fathom, with nothing but this slowly dying flashlight, an oxygen tank, and a dying girl who's more alive than you could ever be.

After the two of you have spent more than enough time in this freezing dark hellhole, she signals that she wants to go up. She begins to rise as you take a few steps toward her and slip on a coral outcropping. You tumble clumsily as you curse yourself for tripping underwater. Suddenly your line tightens and you realize it has looped around the coral. Your friend is too far away to signal and the two of you never got a radio. Even worse, the air is getting thinner. You glance to the side and realize bubbles are coming out of your oxygen tank. Hurriedly you try to fix your line when something hits you from behind- hard. You lose more of the precious little breath you have as you are knocked into the outcropping. You turn in time to see whatever attacked you make a second turn in the water, swimming at full force to strike you again, this time knocking the back of your head and the oxygen tank into the rock. Now you're losing air and consciousness fast. Dizzily you look in the direction that you think is up and can't see any sign that anyone is descending to help you. You're having a hard time focusing on staying conscious, and you have completely run out of oxygen at this point. It occurs to you that, in a way, both of you may have had your lives cut tragically short by her illness. You look and see the creature swim into you again and you barely register the pain this time. Water enters your lungs, your vision begins to blacken, and you trigger."
"You've been dead for six years now- or so you thought. A well-groomed man in a lab coat sits across from you explaining that you have Cotard's Delusion- the belief that you are dead and/or in the afterlife, usually coupled with extreme personal neglect. They've finally found a new cocktail of anti-depressants that have brought you back to reality. Things you haven't cared about in years start coming back to you: your wife left you, your eldest son died in an accident at the factory, your family disowned you... All hitting you at once. You can't handle the torrent of loss flooding your system. You trigger."
"Your mother discovered your alternate social network accounts, and found out that you're an atheist, and an outspoken one at that. Why oh why did you ever teach her to google? You knew your parents would react badly, but not THIS badly. They've cut you off, thrown you out, and you can't afford to go back to college next year, and your grades are too mediocre to get decent scholarships. Abandoned and betrayed, you half-heartedly apply for jobs in town, but no one bites. On your last dollar, the only thing you can do is move halfway across the country and stay with your uncle, work part-time for him. Your friends treat you to a fancy meal as a farewell. Overwhelmed by the gesture and heartbroken that you have to leave them, you trigger as you say your final goodbyes."
"It was you and your brother's secret hiding place- he's just tall and strong enough to reach the trapdoor to the attic. He dared you to go up there three weeks ago when you first moved in to this decrepit, ancient house, and now you've cleaned it up and go up there every time your parents leave the house. You can draw on the walls, make as much noise as you like, and pretend it's the fantasy world of Attica- your brother likes to be the dragons, you the questing hero. One summer evening, parents still at work, he chases you into one of the dustier, fiberglassed areas- straying off the safer planking. Shrieking and laughing, you plunge through the floor, over a story down into the living room, straight through the glass table. The pain is excruciating, and your arm- you can see the bone. You trigger."
"Somehow, you got roped into a shady job with your buddies. You've always been a follower, but when your new boss gets you packing ammonium nitrate, diesel fuel, and nitroglycerin to make enough IEDs to take the city's power down, you start feeling a little uneasy. Everyone around you is joining in, though, so you keep your mouth shut and work. You and your buddy get sent off to blow a power substation, duct-taping your jury-rigged bombs to the transformer and setting them to blow. Something went wrong - fuse cut too short, a bad fuel mixture, a leaky container, you're not sure, but a massive explosion rocks you, searing your flesh, and you watch your buddy get simultaneously crushed and electrocuted by falling electrical equipment as you yourself writhe in agony."
"You try to off yourself. Pills. It doesn't work, but it tears the shit out of your gut, leaving you to wake up in a pile of your own puke. You try the noose, and damage your windpipe, but fail to break your neck. Slit your wrists, even going down the road, getting as far as you can before the pain is too much, and wake up in a crimson bathtub, haggard but alive. The human body is so remarkably resilient, honed by years of natural selection, and try as you might, perhaps with the help of a natural proclivity for living, you can't seem to kill yourself. Getting a handgun, you put it in your mouth and pull the trigger. Too small a caliber, perhaps. You blow a hole out the back of your head, but miss anything too vital. Sitting there in unbelievable pain, you wait to bleed out and fade away, at the very least, only to find that death doesn't come. You trigger out of equal measures frustration and overall pain.
"
"You've been waiting for this day for months. This is a HUGE sale at your FAVORITE store and you've been in line all night just for the chance to get inside. You've saved up any money you've come across since practically April. You're ready. It's 8AM, and the doors are opening. You'd think that everyone would file in nicely, based on spot in line, but instead it becomes a deadly whirl of bodies. You're caught up in it, trapped in the stampede. You try to move through the crowd, but a misstep causes you to trip. You trigger as you realize what happened, knowing that you'll be trampled by the incoming surge of people."
"You're the runt of the litter, and you're not that old besides, but your parents feel you're old enough to go out shooting. It's a family activity, bonding, and you take some experimental shots with a pistol, firing at the target, the gun slamming into your hand a few times. Then your dad smiles, taking the pistol out of your hand and replacing it with a submachine gun. You step up to the range, taking aim, and pull the trigger. The gun rolls up in your grip, the recoil too much for you, and in your panic you grasp it tighter, holding down the trigger. As it rapidly turns up towards your chin, spinning in place, you trigger."
"They were your friends in high school, they were your escape, really. You'd meet up, get high, smoke some weed and maybe do something else once in a blue moon. There were heartfelt conversations, even. After graduating, though, you went to University and scraped by, they went to University and dropped out. You got a paying job, and they started dealing. All the same, when you went home for the holidays and spent time with them, they were cool and happy and even Shrub, who was always a little dumber, a little more desperate, a little poorer, was good company... until two days later. The group cornered you, accusing you of stealing their entire season's supply of shrooms. You were sleeping at Shrub's place, and they don't have to carry you far- they take you to the junkyard by Shrub's place and shove you in, closing the gate. You're left in close confines with a snarling, froth-at-the-mouth junkyard dog on a chain, surrounded by fences topped with barbed wire. The dog is only ten feet away, and the bit of post it's chained to doesn't look that secure."
"You're into urban exploration: Spelunkers are to caves as you are to old, abandoned buildings. You're making your way through a mill forgotten by time, snapping pictures of the moss-covered wheel and lofts, when the rotted floor gives way beneath you. You fall a few short feet into the dark hollow beneath, landing on your back. Worse than the pain however, is the nest of rats you've disturbed - hundreds of them run all over and under you, damp, furry bodies scampering over your hands, legs, arms, and face. First you feel the tiny claws, and then come the teeth. Trigger."
"You've never been really *right* your whole life. Everything always just seemed duller, less interesting. You never got anything out of life that everyone else seemed to. Turns out there's a word for that: Depression. You were given medication, then more. Your general outlook on life seemed to get better, but everything else sucked more. You became lethargic, and felt sick nearly all the time. Nausea, loss of appetite, stomach aches, headaches... You had anything and everything they had on the symptom list and more. When you ran out of your doses, you silently cheered. Maybe it would get better. But then, things started getting worse. The withdrawal symptoms were worse than the side effects. You spent hours curled up on your bed, panicking because nothing felt real. Your body ached, and every so often it felt like someone was hitting you with a cattle prod. You thought about calling up your doctor to get a refill, but it occurred to you that the cycle would only start over again. Trapped between a rock and a hard place, you trigger."
"You've always known there was something not quite right about your dad. Unlike most kids your age, you weren't too wrecked by your parents' divorce. If anything, you're just glad that the screaming has finally stopped. After all, you can only blast the evening news so loud to drown out the bickering and screaming. You've never liked the days that you had to spend with your father. His house smells like cigarettes and he drinks too much and he always makes you watch stuff on the TV that scares you. With your mother's impending remarriage things with him have been escalating. His temper has been getting shorter, and you've been smacked around more than once. But, you have to go.
One day you're there for dinner, but you're overcome by a sudden bout of anxiety. Something just isn't right, and you can feel it deep down in the pit of your stomach. You ask your dad to take you back home--Back to your mom, and he refuses. When you try to call her on the phone to come get you, he unplugs it. You know the way home, but it's too far of a walk and it's getting dark, and even if you did leave he would just come and get you. The situation escalates to screaming and crying and him slapping you brutally across the face. You make it to the sliding glass door, but with nowhere to go and a knife in your father's hand, you trigger as he drags you back inside."
"You're a good looking person, really, a regular in the club scene, and you have no trouble taking someone home every night. Middle of the week, go out, can't find any particularly good looking girls, so you pick up a familiar face - someone you've seen hanging out with a number of good looking girls. Strategy for later. You go to your place, she gives you head, you position to reciprocate, and there's a strong smell. You opt to push forward, strong smell or no, popping a sugar-free candy in your mouth to mask the taste. Partway through, you nearly choke on the candy. You decide to get rid of it, biting down on it. The taste that explodes through your mouth tells you it wasn't the candy - it was a pustule, a cyst, or a glob of something, raw disease.
"
"You liked to hike and to climb, doing that alone is dangerous but then again you liked the risk. As you were climbing a steep slope near an abrupt cliff you grabbed the wrong rock, a landslide happened, pinning your leg and leaving you dangling on the edge. You wait desperately for rescue, rationning your meager food supplies but nobody is coming. You are getting dehydrated, the nights are cold and your position too uncomfortable to sleep well anyway... you could cut your own leg, you have a knife, you have a belt to garotte the stump. But if you do that you'll fall. And even if you survive you'll have to climb the mountain down, dehydrated, exhausted and with a missing leg. You could wait, keep your leg but if no rescue team is coming it'll just mean that you'll be even weaker when you try to make it on one foot. Finally you decide that doing something is better than waiting. You got everything ready and start cutting. The pain is horrible, but you clench your teeths and go on. It's only once you've cut all the flesh around the bone that you realise you can't cut your shinbone, and you're too weak to break it, especially with how little leverage your position give you. You are stuck here, you never had a choice. Trigger."
"You knew that online dating was a bad idea, but you just couldn't help it could you? It'll be fun! your friends said. Come on, just try one date.

And so you did. You found a fairly attractive man and started exchanging messages. You even went on a date with him. But then you realized that this person was crazy. You firmly declined any advances and tried to end the date as politely as possible, but he insisted on talking to you and seeing you more, even following you to your neighborhood in his car.

Before you knew it, he was blowing up your online profile. You blocked him, only to find that your date had already made 5 other profiles to contact you with. So you closed down your profile for good. Then your phone buzzed. And buzzed. And buzzed. 33 messages in ten minutes, each one slightly more threatening than the last. Blocking the number didn't help. How he got a hold of 6 different phone numbers you'll never know. One message asked to confirm your address so he could talk this misunderstanding over with you in person. How did he get your address? You call the cops, but through sheer stupidity on the part of the law, pure genius on the part of your stalker, or some unholy combination of the two, your old date gets off with a metaphorical slap on the wrist and he continues his behavior as if nothing ever happened.

Now you're reaching a breaking point. You're looking over your shoulder every minute of every day. You're scared to answer the phone. You can't go online without being bombarded with emails and PMs. You don't leave the house unless absolutely necessary. Your health is failing and the people around you are concerned. Finally, one of your friends tells you that they're willing to let you live with them for a little while until this whole situation blows over. You breathe a sigh of relief and get into your car in the dead of night. As you look in the rear-view mirror while backing out of your driveway, you notice a person in the car and you are knocked out before you can scream. You wake up in a panic, tied and gagged at the mercy of your stalker, where you trigger."
"All your life, you've considered failure the greatest sin. Your relentless pursuit of success, as it appears to others, is actually just you frantically trying to outrun your impending failure. You started viewing people in a harsh, black-and-white dichotomy, people who had or hadn't given up. It got easier and easier to see the people who, as you saw them, gave up on their dreams and reached for a more low-hanging fruit. You didnt look down on them, per se, but you realized you were completely terrified of that kind of life. Year after year, you set the bar much too high, scrabbling and clawing to somehow reach them. You hate the idea of losing. You hate the idea of giving up. You started believing the sheer magnitude of your fear could spur you to success. But it's going to keep happening over and over again. Until you win, break, or give up. For you, the third option is far worse. Trapped in the midst of your graduate degree you derive no personal enjoyment from, unable to get a paper published, realizing that even spurred by the motivation of panic, fear of failure, your lack of natural talent imposes a hard ceiling on your success, you trigger."
"The diagnosis is mental retardation, but it's not true. You know it's not true. You just can't say it, your throat doesn't form the words, your tongue doesn't cooperate. The whole world seems louder to you, and sitting still feels like your body is vanishing, which doesn't help. They give you stupid, childish exercises, intended for somebody with an IQ below 70, over and over, and when in frustration you scream and throw them away, because you can't just tell them you're bored, it just confirms their suspicions. Your family talks about you as though you aren't there, as though you can't hear them, and you seethe inside. Your sister is the nicest to you, rarely says anything mean or even pitying, doesn't mind 'watching' you, and when she does, she doesn't dote or micromanage, letting you do things on your own. She brings home a boy while your parents are out, and he seems concerned about your presence. She assuages him. ""Don't worry. (S)he's retarded, (s)he won't even understand."" Trigger. [Intent is that an accurate diagnosis would be nonverbal autism.]"
"Average weight, average height. The median grade in your class. The days pass by, and you are unremarkable. You made a few friends at first, but they quickly drifted away. You can’t hold their interest. You’re just a background character, sinking further into an unnoticeable isolation in a seething mass of indifference. And you find yourself staring down, at the gathering crowd and police sirens, and smile. A memorable death. Faced on your own terms. Maybe they’ll finally remember you. But the scream tears from your lips as you plummet down, down, down, and you realize just how overdone, how cliche it is to commit suicide by jumping. As mediocre in death as you are in life. You trigger."
"Both your parents smoked, and they always told you what a bad habit that was and to never start, and you agreed because the smoke was nauseating. And so you tried both to help them stop and to preserve the purity of your lungs, commenting on the effect of the smoke on their organs and holding your breath when they smoked. As you grew up the latter strategy unconsciously trained you, becoming a conditioned reflex: every time you smell smoke your respiration blocks and you have to make a conscious effort to exhale through your nose before you can inhale again. It's kind of annoying but you put up with it. Then as you are at a bar, drinking responsibly a couple of drunks decide to pick a fight with you. One of them punch you in the plexus, knocking the wind out of you, and as you try to get your breath back his buddy blows his smoke in your face to add insult to injury. Except the odor of tobbaco trigger your reflex, blocking your respiration. You frantically try to exhale but your lungs are empty from the previous blow. You start to panic, desesperately trying to inhale air, feeling yourself suffocate as the drunks laugh at you for going down from a single punch. You trigger as you feel yourself slipping into unconsciousness, irrationally convinced that you're going to die, strangled by your own reflex."
"The Whirligig! This is your favorite ride at the whole fair, and you make sure you get on it every time it comes through town. You preach the gospel of it to all you friends, and you get on as you do every year with them, excited as always. But as you spin, and spin, and spin, and the ride raises, and flips upside down stories up, you hear a strain, a creak. You're harnessed in, it's probably nothing. But a sudden shudder, and you're in freefall as your harness gives way, a rusty bolt snapped. It's a bit late, but you finally realize that the Whirligig is a rusty piece of shit maintained by methheads. Trigger."
"Congrats! You've passed your driver's test and you now have your license. You're pretty pumped, and you convince your parents to let you drive around in their car for a bit. You're on a bridge when you see one of those ""Bridge ices before road"" signs and like the safe driver you are, you slow down. Don't want to get into any trouble. Unfortunately, the person next to you didn't get that memo. And worse, they're switching lanes without looking. The car rockets into yours, spinning you out and sending both of you into the barrier and off of the bridge. The icy water begins to leak into the car, and you panic. Attempts at rolling down the windows, or even breaking them are futile. The doors are impossible to open with the pressure. You trigger as the water gets to waist height, when you realize that there's no way out."
"Despite being a bit drunk, you decide you want to drive home instead of crashing in a friend's apartment. Somewhere on the way you ran over some unlucky schmuck. You get off your car, cell phone out, about to call an ambulance. But then you see how their body is bent at wrong angles. You panic. You just killed someone. Instead of making the call you get on your car and drive away. The guilt is overwhelming and you stop going out, only leaving your house for work and groceries. Your friends want to know what's going on but you just turn them away. You can't even sleep, as every night you dream of the crash. You trigger in guilt when in one of these nightmares, the dead pedestrian turns to look at you."
"Even as you tiptoe among the charred buildings, you know that this is a bad idea. Why were you doing this again? Oh right, you were dared to and wanted to impress your crush. Telling yourself that this is merely a slightly bad idea - as opposed to a capital letter B Bad Idea - doesn't do much to stop your shivering, especially as you notice the corpses. Some are mangled, some are slashed to bits, with an especially memorable one having its various body parts entirely severed, being shaped only like a human on account of the knives impaling the cleaved limbs. The reminder of the sheer horror the Nine were capable of had you stumbling, falling straight through a wall. It takes you a moment to realize that you just fell through a a Siberian-shaped hole. Thus, nobody can possibly fault you for screaming loudly when you hear whizzing behind you. As the mechanical sounds continue, you slowly turn around, and barely have time to react before what vaguely resembles a trashed mechanical spider lunges for your head. Trigger.
"
"Your ex was dangerous enough that you ran away in fear for your life. It turns out that running away doesn't always work. They found your new apartment, they broke in, and they flipped out on you. The attack is savage, and they hold you down as you scream and cry, a fury of blows raining down on your face and chest and arms, screams of incoherent rage coming out of their mouth. You're bleeding, and it's bad; you don't think you're going to walk away from this. You manage to crawl away while they're distracted for a moment by someone banging on the front door. Desperate and afraid for your life, you open the door to the balcony, clambering over the railing and tossing your battered form down two stories, hoping to escape that way. Trigger as you hit the ground with a sickening crunch."
"Walk-in freezers, by law, have to open from the inside to prevent this exact sort of situation. Only one month on the job as prep cook, you were tasked with cleaning and shutting down the kitchen after the shift as punishment for fucking up another order. Pissed off about getting home late, you slam the walk-in freezer behind you when you enter, and the impact breaks the poorly maintained door handle, locking you in overnight. Hours later, fading in and out of consciousness, you draw what you expect to be your last icy breath. You trigger."
"It is the worst case scenario. You're the first this morning to enter the lab where you do all your biohazard work, testing bacteria, parasites, viruses and potential cures, when the lights go off, the emergency lighting and sirens kicking in. In your sprint to the end of the hall, you see the disaster, a cart tipped, containers broken. You stand there, your heart dropping into your stomach, knowing you've already died. The papers that were on the cart read, very simply, 'Canberra'. The Simurgh. The name is enough to push you to trigger.
"
"You knew your little brother was caught up in some bad shit, but this is above and beyond any of your expectations. A letter, affixed to your front door via combat knife outlined in no uncertain terms the large amount of money he owed a local gang, his location, and the body parts he would be losing and in what order, if you didn't show up with the money by 10 pm. Unfortunately, you had to work late that night- there's no way you'll make it in time. You get the money from multiple ATM's along the way, in $200 increments, but it's five minutes til and you're miles away. Driving like a maniac down the highway, you fly off the road as you attempt to swerve around an SUV. You're not seriously hurt, but you're pretty firmly pinned, and your SUV isn't going anywhere. You watch the dashboard clock ticking by, weeping and wheezing. At 10:00 pm, you trigger."
"You live in a small town, where everyone knows everyone. You attract the attention of the local gang because you are homosexual/having an affair/having dyed hair. It really doesn't matter what gets them after you. But you know it was undeserved. One day, as you walk back home you're assaulted by gang members. They beat you hard enough that you can't stand properly, and your throat is sore from screaming. The smell of gasoline fills your nostrils as they pour it all over you. A match is lit. You trigger in horror."
"You've trained for years - you always wanted to be an astronaut when you grew up. How many people get to really live their childhood dream? The mission's scheduled for next year, and your shining military career has guaranteed you a spot as second in command. Everything's going great, until a normal medical exam comes back with some horrifying news- you've got Type 1 diabetes. It's not a huge deal, it's easily treatable, and it absolutely prevents you from going to space, ever. You mentally crumble in the doctors office, your lifelong dreams irrevocably snatched away. You trigger."
"You and your brother never got along. Born to a shitty family, you each had different ways of dealing with the shittiness. You withdrew from reality, while he went at it head-on, became an asshole, being a jerk to girls because he thought he deserved a chance after being beaten down so long. Using mysogynistic 'negging' pickup artist tricks, lying, cheating, hitting them, on top of his usual 'bro' attitude and over the top partying. When he fucked the girl you'd liked for years, you got in a fistfight, you won, despite all his days at the gym, and then he somehow got superpowers, lying there in the dirt. He turned things around on you, beat you up, and made your life a living hell after that. He could warp space, but only with your flesh, if he got his hands on you. Make things bigger, make them smaller, twist them around, and he made it /hurt/. For days on end, he'd leave you a twisted wreck, cooped up in your room, too broken to escape, too hideous to go out in public. You finally found a chance, you got out. You put as much distance between the two of you as you could. Until you heard that the girl you'd liked, the one that had started that last big fistfight, she was pregnant with his child, and her cheekbone had been broken in a domestic dispute. You acquired a gun, you went back- and he got you before you could get him, he disarmed you, knocking you to the ground, taunting you about how he's going to use his power on you, with the girl watching. This time, it was your turn to trigger. Being related, the powers are connected on a level, but you're very different people, and the circumstances aren't the same."
"""Follow your dreams!"" your parents said, and for a while, you truly believed you were special. You declined a full-ride scholarship from a nearby in-state university, and went to a prestigious art school. It's nothing like you'd expected, the unrelenting crush of projects as the end of the semester arrives, and you pull consecutive all-nighters, slipping further into your shell. This isn't your dream anymore, you seethe to yourself, but you're already in debt and you're too stupid or stubborn to not back down and go with your second option. You suffer through the five years needed - yeah, you had to drop some classes, retake a few, but you finally make it, early onset arthritis and debilitating carpal tunnel plaguing you, but six months after graduation, you're still unemployed, once again living with your parents, who've changed their tune. This is bullshit, you gripe, you're meant for better things than this. Your father quietly slides a want ad for a local fast food restaurant over the table at breakfast one day. You trigger."
"Your father was the coolest person you knew, then your mother died. He lost his job, took up drinking, and he was never quite the same. He was always rough, going for tough love, punishing you when you stepped out of line, but it's worse without your mother. Much worse. One day, you knock over a vase, pissing him off, and he bends you over his leg and starts whipping you with his belt. You start crying in pain, and he stops. There's a long silence as you sit there, until he finally lets you up. You see the tears in his eyes, the trembling in his hands. ""Go to your room,"" he says, voice soft, almost cracking. You obey. Just a few minutes later, a loud noise comes from his study, and you call out for him, worried. No response. You creep down the stairs, finally finding him in the study. The gun has fallen in his lap, the left side of his skull is ruined utterly, a small hole in the right side. You trigger as you stare, dumbfounded, at the scene, wondering if there was something you could have - should have - done differently."
"You know those cartoon characters that lose their glasses and fumble around uselessly, their inability to function without eyesight played up for humorous effect? That's you to a T. You tried contacts for a while, but the lenses were an irritant, your eyes swollen and puffy, getting headaches consistently after four hours or less of them in. Anyways, you picked the wrong fight one day - confident in your skills in a brawl, your opponent nonetheless lands a lucky blow, knocking the glasses off your face. The room becomes an indistinct blur, and blows rain in from every direction, impossible to see where they're coming from, only catching sight of them once they're too close for you to react. Your movements get more frenetic, erratic, no openings for you to retrieve your glasses, wherever they are, and a haymaker with your aggressor's full weight behind it catches you into the temple, slamming your head into the nearby wall."
"You have an allergy to a pretty common medication. You have a bracelet with your name, the contact information of your emergency contact, and a listing of your allergy. It's years old, now, and it snapped in a place, but you wrap it back around your wrist, looping the broken part through the actual metal 'tag' with the inscription, so it stays on. You're in a car accident, and in the screaming metal, your bracelet snaps off, flying off to God-knows-where. You wake up in the hospital, your throat constricting on itself from a lethal dose of the drug, your body still broken and bruised as you try to thrash hopelessly, only knowing that you're hurt, and you can't breathe, and the doctors don't seem to be helping, or to understand what's wrong. Trigger."
"You live in a town hit by disaster - gang war, Endbringer, it doesn't matter - and you want to get out, to get away to a safer place. An old friend is willing to rent. The day after you arrive, the Endbringer Sirens wake you up. You trigger."
"You read about it in an online article. How to turn a pole-mounted transformer into an electromagnetic pulse. Erase and destroy all electronics in the immediate area. All you needed to do, according to the article, was drop it into a large body of water. Walking by the dipshit neighbor's house, you fantasized about dropping the thing into his pool. Everything was positioned so well. Drunk, you talked about it with budddies, talked yourselves into it, and then gathered the tools. What really happened, though, was the pole broke, the tension in the wires kept the thing mostly aloft, and made it land on the fence. Your buddies die (stupid, in retrospect, to use a metal ladder by a chain link fence), and you're left standing there as a hell of electricity and fire unfolds around you, crackling along the fence, puddles on the street, and igniting the grass. You trigger."
"It's late at night, you're out with the boys, and you spot one of *them* with a girl of your own race. The racemixing slut will get hers, but the guy? The guy's /your/ target. You come after him, a long length of wood your improvised weapon of choice, and he runs for it, surprisingly fast, abandoning the girl with a disloyalty that's only to be expected for his kind. He slips down one alley, then another, and you come up on him as he dodges into a closed up building. You and two of your buddies step inside together, ready to beat the shit out of this fuck, only to find that the building was only closed to the public, and there's a half-dozen armed and dangerous men, all the same race as your target, standing up and drawing their guns while the guy breathlessly explains what happened. Trigger."
"You're waiting on a subway platform to head home after a long day of work when the person next to you jumps into the path of the oncoming train. Reflexively, you grab for their arm, but they pull you down with them. The next thing you know is the deafening screech of the car's brakes and the immense pressure and pain of your bisected body, pinned between the platform and train car. All you can see is the blood-stained side of the car, and to top it all off, you're pretty sure you shit yourself when your colon got crushed."
"You grew up, met somebody, had a couple kids together. They were the stay at home parent, you brought home the money. Recently, as soon as you'd get home, they'd leave the kids with you. You didn't think much of it; they were probably just tired or something. Tonight, though, after you tucked the kids into bed, they said they wanted to talk to you. Reminiscing about the life the two of you used to have, when you were younger and childless, a smile on their lips. The conversation continues until they mention that they've been looking into adoption agencies and foster care, and they've called one already. You can't even think of a response, and you wait until your spouse goes to sleep before creeping into your children's room, gingerly shaking them awake, intent on heading to your mother's home with them. With your spouse's behavior, you just can't trust them around your kids... ever again, really. You're numb, not really consciously processing the fact that your marriage is basically over. Your spouse catches you on the way out, their eyes wild, demanding to know where you're going. In a moment of honesty, you admit that you're taking the kids with you, that with what they said, you just don't feel like you can trust them around your children. They start screaming. ""You want to KEEP them? I thought you loved me!"" Trigger as they grab one of your kids by the wrist, yanking them towards them."
"You look young for your age. You’re in your twenties, but you look like you’re twelve. With a fresh face, and a short, small build, it’s like your body never bothered to finish growing. People make jokes about your SOs being pedophiles, from time to time. It’s not a joke you appreciate, at all: you’re an adult, and you deserve to have a relationship with an adult without them being slandered. You meet someone, and it feels like a whirlwind romance; they’re all charm and sweetness, and you’re engaged in record time. Two weeks before your wedding, you come home to police cars. They find child pornography on your SO’s computer. Physically sickened, betrayed, and full of an exceptional degree of loathing for the body that you’re sure got you into this situation, you trigger."
"It wasn’t a routine surgery, but they assured you that it wouldn’t be anything special. It’s necessary, they told you, because you’ll have a lot of jaw problems later in life if you skip out on this. The best orthodontic surgeon in the state is going to be performing, and he’s done facial reconstruction on car accident victims. There’s no need to worry. Sadly, it’s not the surgeon who fucks up, but one of the nurses. On the way out, your oxygen tube nicks something important and when you wake up in recovery you can barely breathe. Every moment feels like you’re struggling to get enough air in your lungs to stay fully aware, on top of being disoriented from from the anesthesia that they used to put you under. Unfortunately, as a side effect of the surgery, your jaw is wired shut so you can only communicate through a notepad. Your frantic scribbling yields no results, the doctors tell you that breathing trouble is expected. You try to sleep, but your struggle for air keeps you awake. After two days of struggling for air, lack of sleep, and increasing disorientation you’ve become desperate, and you feel like you’re closer to dying every minute. Night falls and you’re faced with the prospect of another sleepless, breathless darkness. You won’t make it. You can’t. Trigger."
"People-watching. It seemed innocuous, and it always passed the time for you. You had a yearly pass for the train, and it was a fun hobby, watching people go through their day-to-day. You've filled out tens of notebooks, and you were really enjoying yourself, until one of them cornered you as you got off. Your watching perturbed him. He thinks you're some kind of government agent sent to spy on him, he's an absolute whacko. He starts threatening you with a knife, and you turn to run. You trigger as the knife pierces your back.

"
"This garbage is absolutely destroying your life. You're addicted, and it's cost you so much. You decide to quit, by any means necessary. You lock yourself in your apartment, drying out, clawing at the walls as you deal with the horrible, horrible fucking withdrawal. On the third day of it, you're almost dead to the world, and that's the day he comes to visit, an old, shitty friend, the one who got you hooked on this stuff in the first place. You can barely muster the energy to tumble out of bed when he starts to slam on the door, and you can see his head and shoulders as he enters, breaking in. He's got some more of what your body craves, and some small part of you wants to give in. A much larger part of you wants to not do anything at all because you feel awful, but you know, by the look on his face, by the way he's holding himself, by the self-justifying bullshit rolling out of his mouth, that he's about to give you another hit, whether you like it or not. All you can manage is to mumble out a few 'no, no's as he approaches. Trigger as he makes his way around the bed and you catch sight of the syringe in his hand, your body refusing to do more than skitter a few feet away from him."
"You're out drinking with a couple buddies, walking from one bar to the next, when you're surprised by a group of armed men. You're held at gunpoint, robbed, forced to take off your clothes and lie, prone, on the ground, your hands behind your heads, while they sort through your wallets. As the cold of the air and the street presses against your naked skin, you can hear one of those fuckers making a joke about your buddy. It's a sore point, something he's sensitive about, and he snarls, twisting his head, getting ready to get up or say something. He never gets a chance to do whatever it is he meant to - as he starts to move on the ground, one of them shoots him in the head, a spray of blood and bone lightly splattering your skin. Trigger."
"How you never managed to get pregnant was something that the doctors failed to explain. You were in perfect shape. You had a normal body size. You produced normal eggs. You tried everything, from new positions, to pills, to in vitro. It did something to your mind overtime. Each failure pushed you farther into the darkness, farther into depression. You found yourself drinking, and hanging out with the wrong crowd. You realized one night that if you couldn't get pregnant this last time you would quit. You brought out the results at the bar, and read it as a negative. That night in your sorrow you drank glass after glass at the bar, drinking far far more than your body could take. You found yourself in the hospital the next day with severe alcohol poisoning. The doctors told you you had lost a baby because of it. Trigger."
"You come from a very well off family - big house, financial security, certainty of going to college, trust fund, you know. On your way to school one day, you're kidnapped, driven off to some isolated spot, kept on gruel and water while your kidnappers negotiate with your family for the money. The negotiations seem tense, leaving you constantly anxious. After days of waiting, one of the men returns to the room where you're tied to a chair. ""Any last requests?"" He asks, a gun in his hand, and the sick feeling, the knowledge in your gut, is that he's going to kill you. Your mind goes blank, everything leaving your thoughts but pure, naked fear. Trigger."
"You were drafted by some major gang and forced into a gang war. This alone doesn't cause you to trigger. You get into the fight and see a friend or loved one on the other side gunned down. This alone doesn't cause you to trigger, either. The final straw is seeing half a dozen different people on the opposite side pointing weapons at you."
"Your car gets stolen. Okay. Shit. You can explain it to your boss and there's not much you can do. The next day, as you prepare to take the bus to work again, your car is in the parking spot that it was the last time. In it you find a small note with a ticket to the cinema. 'I'm sorry, I had to take your car, I did not have money for a cab at the time, and my phone was dead as my wife was about to have our child. I give it back to you and give you this ticket as an apology.' - how nice. You come to work with a smile, and leave with one too. The ticket was for tonight, and because you didn't have anything to do, you left towards the cinema. It was a nice movie, and when you got home, you find your door wide open. Entering, you find almost everything gone, not even your bed was there anymore, and knocking at your neighbors, you only hear them say that they thought it was some moving company, due to them looking so professional and having the key, so they couldn't have broken in! You trigger as you sit in your home, everything you own sans your car gone."
"You're a local politician, a city council member. Probably only a small fraction of the population knows your name, but you campaign and you get reelected, so you're a politician. Recently, your office has started to get a large number of… 'interesting' letters. Same author, it seems, with clipped out letters, reading things like 'I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE,' 'NOT EVEN HELL WILL ACCEPT THINGS LIKE YOU,' 'YOUR DAYS ARE NUMBERED,' and other such creepy things. Nobody thinks too much of it. Just loonies sending letters, same as always. You tell the cops, make some jokes with your employees about it, and ignore it. You go out for a scheduled debate, and in the middle of it, a shot rings out. You hear the bullet whiz past your ear, and you duck to the ground. Another shot penetrates the podium, the splintering wood almost hitting you in the face. Your brain makes the connection to the earlier threats, and you realize somebody very crazy and apparently quite well armed has it in for you. Trigger."
"You've finally found purpose in life- the armed forces. Boot camp was tough, but you made it, and you're now on your first deployment, delivering foreign aid to a Behemoth attack site. But something in the intricate machinery of the helicopter fails, and it stutters and tumbles out of the sky, plowing into the rubble, aflame. With your entire body covered in shredded wounds courtesy of the flying rubble, searing heat enroaching on the small pocket of safety that you lie bleeding in, you trigger."
"Your heart swells- the Boss has put you on bodyguard duty tonight, after your marksmanship skills saved the day in a spat with a rival gang last week. You all pile into an SUV, and your finger your shiny new SMG, nervous and excited. You're headed to a summit between rival gangs- a long awaited effort to broker peace. You guard the perimeter, anticipating a PRT raid, given half the town's big players are at the meet. You're as surprised as anyone when the building implodes. Some cape with a demolition power, perhaps, or a bomb. All you know is, there's no way anyone survived. The demolition was haphazard, rubble flying everywhere, and in the midst of the ensuing dust cloud, something sharp and hard pins you to an adjacent building. When the dust clears, you see it's a beam of some sort, right through your gut. You're skewered into the wall three feet off the ground, like a butterfly in a collection. You trigger as you watch yourself bleed out."
"You respect them. They were special, in your eyes. Not just because they were a cape, no, there's enough of those in the city. You respect them because of their appearance, their flair, their powers, their personality. Whenever something about them is in the news, you are the first to know. Whenever someone shitposts about them on PHO, you are ready to defend them. Who would fault you for following them once or twice, eh? You heard about some big attack nearby, just around the corner from where you live! And in the hope of meeting them, you go out and find half a dozen vehicles, from PRT to normal police cars. You sneak in, though, you know your neighborhood well enough, and get into the building through a window near the side. That's when you see them, and they recognize you, probably. A short muttered ""It's you..."" just before a man rushes around the corner, a gun in his hand. He fires and before you can react, the person you respected so much shoves you away, throwing themselves in between you and the assailant. Despite what you think of them, they are just human, and another few men rush in, forcing the man with the gun to retreat. You are on your knees next to them, sobbing, trying to stop the blood from the two bullet holes in their chest. You trigger, knowing that you are responsible for their death."
"You’re backpacking abroad with a friend. Walking along the road in a rural area, you try to hitchhike to the next town over, which is fairly far away. A car stops for you, its driver apparently a farmer who lives in this area, and he agrees to give you two a lift. Your friend rides shotgun, while you’re in the back. Nothing gives you cause for alarm until you spot the driver’s dove tattoo. Stories of Simurgh victims wreaking havoc fly through your head, and you start to panic irrationally. It gets even worse when the driver takes a wrong turn. Already fearful, your anxiety spikes, and your outburst distracts the driver. With his attention on you and not the road, he drives all three of you into a roadside ditch. No one is hurt, but you trigger in mindless fear."
"You grew up with homophobic parents. You learned early on that being gay was evil, that it was something offensive, satanic, punishable by hellfire. But when you finally made it out of that tiny town in Texas on full scholarship to university, everything changed. College was your escape from it all, finally having the freedom to be who you wanted to be. Your happiness didn't last long, however - you broke up with your boyfriend on very poor terms, and your vindictive ex used your password to send a homemade sex tape featuring the two of you to your parents and family friends. You trigger in shame and fear."
"Your friend doesn't trust themselves with their emergency medication for their autoimmune disorder - without it a spontaneous attack can trigger a heart attack or stop their breathing. Whenever you go out together you hold on to it for them. You've been friends since you could walk, and you're happy to do this for them. The few times they've needed it, you've had it ready. No problems there. You go to a concert for their favorite band, but the excitment is too much, and it triggers an attack. You fumble for the medication, but a poorly timed bump from someone dancing nearby knocks it out of your hand, and it's quickly crushed/kicked away by the mob, never to be found. Your friend, choking, dying, turns to you pleading, but you've got nothing. Surrounded by a mass of people who don't care or haven't noticed, you watch your friend slowly dying, begging you for help. Trigger."
"You always thought it was funny, you had the same name as one of the richest guys in town. It never really had any advantages, besides that one time you were comped a room at a casino, that was pretty rad. Until they threw you out of course. You breeze through life, the polar opposite of the man who's name you share. You live in a shitty apartment in the 'burbs, he lives in a mansion. But the fucking idiot loan shark somehow mistook you for him. Your pleas that ""No fucking millionaire would live here, man!"" do nothing to sway him. You trigger as he brings a pair of shears to your thumb, threatening to chop it the fuck off if you don't give him his money."
"You've waited for AGES to hear back from Omega Delta- the sorority your mother was in, as you proudly and regularly inform all those in earshot. Legacy sisters always get in, everybody knows it. Still, this rush has been a tense one, and you've made many enemies, Cynthia in particular. So of course, she was the one sent to fetch you, tell you that you were admitted, and bring you in for your hazing. You were forced to strip and sit on a running washing machine while your sisters jeered, took pictures, and circled any parts of your body that jiggled. Then, when the ordeal is finally over, Cynthia reveals that you never got in after all - you're too overweight to be admitted, and her and the others were just having fun at your expense. You trigger."
"A late night condom run, while you're out with a girl you really like. You grab the stuff, and the hit the ATM. You feel something touch the back of your neck, cold metal, and a voice tells you to take out as much as you can. He smells bad, probably homeless, but he knows what he's doing - he tells you to stay still, waiting for the clock to pass midnight, then do it again. After you clean out your account and pass the money back, not turning around, he takes the bag from you. 'Got everything going for you, huh?' he asks, and he sounds angry. He gets increasingly agitated, shouting about your woman, sex positions, the total amount you had in your account, the woman's cup size, how easily you'd make it back, all while jabbing you with the gun. You don't know how to answer, but not answering is dangerous. In your certainty he's about to shoot, you turn around... getting a good look at him. As the look in his eyes narrows, you know that you've just forced him to pull the trigger and remove the witness. From a good day to your last day, losing it all."
"Raves weren’t usually your thing, but when you were dragged to one by your friends, you found yourself enjoying it far more than you had any right to enjoy. You enjoy yourself all night, ordering but one or two drinks, and, in a rare fit of adventurism, you took a small pill that had been offered to you. Hours later, as the rave ended, you are pretty certain the pill was nothing more than an aspirin, and more importantly, the people you thought were your friends were long gone. As you wander the dark alleys leading from the rave’s abandoned building, you realize just how lost you are, how long each shadow seems, and how very unnervingly quiet the city was after all that bass and music. It started to become harder and harder to swallow the acrid fear bubbling up from your stomach, as the darkness seemed to pull at you, beckoning you closer. You found yourself shivering as you struggle not to panic. A voice reaches out in the dark, saying, “Hey, you!” With something between a croak and a gasp of fear, you run, straight out of the alley and into the street. You are struck by a flood of light as a massive garbage truck approaches at full speed. You barely have time to figure out what to do as you trigger."
"This is it. You've made it. You've worked your butt off and now your softball team is in the finals of a HUGE tournament. It's the night before the playoffs, and your team is goofing around in the hotel pool. You don't think anything of it. Everyone is diving even though the signs clearly advise against it. You've always been rather cautious, not wanting to stir the pot or do anything stupid. But all your friends are doing it! Nothing bad can happen! You get ready, bouncing on the balls of your feet in front of the ""deep"" end (though, deep in this case means five feet). As soon as you start your jump, you know something is wrong. Someone shouts your name just as you leap, but you don't have enough time to react. Your head bangs against the concrete and you know... just know your neck is broken. You trigger as everything below your neck goes numb."
"Wow. You fucked up, big time. You grew up in a fairly nice, but very strict and religious family. You lived across the street from the most beautiful girl you'd ever met, and little did 7-year-old you know, she would become the love of your life. The two of you were a classic romantic comedy: sharing the first kiss, going to prom together, having a few small fights, including a big one where you broke up and dated other people for a while, and meeting up again at a time in your lives when you are both old and mature enough to finally settle down. You two have been engaged for six months when you get much more trashed than you expect to one night.

The next morning, you wake up in bed with another woman naked next to you. You look at your phone and notice 5 messages from your fiance in your phone, and rush home hungover as hell. Desperate and scared, you lie to her. Your excuses are fairly weak, but she trusts you. Three weeks later, you get a text from a name that is vaguely familiar. The two-word message seems ludicrous at first, but then you put the pieces together and you sob alone. Your heart sinks as you reread the text, trying to find a way to explain this to the person who was to be your lifelong partner. Negotiations with the other woman are to no avail. I don't know if I'm keeping it, but if you won't tell her, she says, I will.

The conversation with your fiance goes worse than you could have ever imagined. You come back home one day after work to find all of your belongings thrown haphazardly outside of the doorway. The lock has been changed. You trigger when you realize that you have forever thrown away the only consistent source of happiness in your life as you know it."
"You're a member of a larger gang in the city, a grunt that does menial tasks such as shooting people who stand against the boss, or a driver in some occasions. But something goes wrong - a new vigilante is in town, and they does not hesitate in the slightest at the sight of your guns, moving quicker than you, better than you, and they destroy all your guns, beat all of your friends before they run away and take the car with them. You are trapped against a wall, as the cape beats you to an inch of your life and asks for your employer. You don't even think anymore, you are hurt, you scream out the civilian name, you give them an address and they leave you alone. You end up in the hospital. Your family stopped visiting yesterday, and you are already worried enough. Half a dozen men, some you know from the gang, appear and grab you, forcing your battered form out and dragged you to the headquarters. Your family is there, bound and gagged in the corner of the boss's office, and the vigilante too, a large hole blasted through their chest. Your boss looks at you, her face blank. On the table is a gun, and your former allies are all holding their own guns at your head. ""If you are so ready to betray your gang,"" she says. ""Then you should also be ready to betray your family to save your life, right? Your own life, or your family, choose."" You trigger."
"You can safely say that you are a content and generally happy person. Sure, there's some rough spots in life that anybody would experience, but you've got a job you love and a hobby that generally gives you drive to continue on. Specifically, stamp collecting. You've got dozens upon dozens of rare, unique, and valuable stamps, framed and hung around the small office in your duplex. You take massive pride in the collection, pariticipating in stamp forums, stamp gatherings, and are a bit of a legend in some communities. Until one day, as you return home from your job at the post office, you catch sight of a plume of smoke in the distance. A plume of smoke uncomfortably close to your stamp collection. You race home, but it's too late. A fire engine sits in front of the still blazing skeleton of your house, firemen milling about as it dies down, but you rush past them despite their efforts to stop you, plunging through embers and flame as you scramble for your stamps. You reach them, but at great cost- a supporting beam, weakened by the fires, collapses as you pass it, trapping you and your stamps within the inferno. As the flames spread from you to your cherished collection, you trigger."
"It was a normal day, wake up, go to school, nothing wrong with that. You went out with friends after school and it got a bit late, and you got a call from your mom telling you to go home. So you did. It was chilly and you didn't have a jacket, so you began to jog a bit, trying to keep yourself warm until you got home and stopped at a red light just a bit later, your home was in sight already. A small truck was visible from afar, approaching rapidly, but they would stop now that your light was green, right? Wrong. They didn't stop, and you were hit, sticking like glue to the front until the truck driver finally realized something must have been wrong and stopped. You were alive, in pain, but still okay. The driver didn't step out to help though, the truck started again and you couldn't talk, your throat was just unable to form words. The truck just moved forward again and drove over you again. The driver must've thought he just rammed some animal... You trigger."
"It's a 'driving' town- no one can afford to live in the city. You're pretty used to your hour-plus commute by now. On your way to work, you've got a large mug of warm coffee, and five audiobooks of your favorite detective historical fiction novel series to keep you calm and happy no matter the traffic. As happens many Mondays, there is a complete standstill on the freeway, and you settle in to a stop right behind a large white van, unmarked- secretly relocating a cape to the Birdcage. 20 minutes of listening to Vilkas, the crime-fighting Barbarian later, you notice a car ahead of goes flying off the freeway. A cape fight in front of you breaks out- your car is half coated in foam, the doors won't open now, and it looks like the bad guys won. You're frozen in terror as the escaped Brute smashes the two remaining guards against your windshield and starts- oh my god- eating them alive. You trigger as body parts obscure your windshield, blood and screams dripping through the cracks."
"It's a carjacking gone way, way wrong. This fucker has had you at gun point for the past six hours, forcing you to empty out your account of hundreds of dollars, buying drugs on your dollar and forcing you to take some, making you drive him from place to place, somehow just managing to not get caught, not give you the opportunity to escape. Finally, finally, he looks the other way at the right moment, and you go for it, trying to sneak away. Your phone goes off at the wrong moment, and he's on top of you in seconds, gun in your face, angry that you'd try to escape him. ""Who the fuck do you think you are?"" He demands, his voice a hushed whisper, his hand clasped over your mouth, the barrel of the gun just inches from your forehead. Trigger."
"You're a paranoid executive's body double, paid handsomely to go where they go and do what they do- that is, give bad speeches and go on overcomplicated adventures to 'defeat their foes'. Until one day when a blast flips the decoy car you're in, throwing it over a retaining wall and tumbling down a short hill, breaking the majority of your bones and leaving a good amount of those protruding from your skin. Turns out the exec wasn't so paranoid after all."
"It's been years since you turned sixteen, and yet you still don't have your license. Your parents and friends are beginning to get frustrated, because they have to drive you to even the most simple of things. Groceries, doctors appointments, taking your cat to the vet. It's not just you being lazy. You're terrified of driving, of getting into an accident and dying behind the wheel because of someone else's negligence. But, you are sick of having to be carted around like a child. One summer you start working really hard. You learn how to drive and begin enjoying it, getting over your fear of the road. Not too much later, you get your license and a car. You're doing great, enjoying your newfound independence. But, less than two months after you receive your license, you find yourself in a dangerous intersection. You stop at the stop sign. Look left, look right. No one's coming. You breeze through, feeling quite relieved... until you hear the crunch. You've been hit, and it's bad. You're not hurt, but your car is totaled and it wasn't even your fault. You trigger as you realize your initial fears were correct, that driving is more danger than it's worth."
"You’ve always wanted to do a bit of traveling. After your graduation, you took a gap year to see the sights that you probably won’t ever enjoy after you start working and inertia kicks in. Everything goes off without a hitch for the most part, there’s always a bit of stress when you travel, but the uneventfulness irks you. You take a chance and visit a seedier area. The next thing you know, you’re waking up naked in a strange room with all of your stuff gone and some crazy guy starts yelling at you in a language you don’t understand. He has a knife. You try to take it from him. In the ensuing fight, you somehow manage to kill him but take three stabs to the gut. You shamble over to the door and find that it won’t open. There’s noise coming from the other side, and it doesn’t sound like the police. He must have had friends. As you collapse against the wall, you trigger."
"You’ve always been a pretty hyper kid, never quite sitting still, pushing at any rules put in front of you. It’s not much of a surprise, then, when you’re diagnosed with ADHD, nor when you get a prescription to methamphetamines as treatment. What is a surprise is how bad the side effects are. Auditory hallucinations, mood shifts, the works. It ramps up into self-harm, and you wind up carving open your thigh in the bathroom at the behest of the voices. Bleeding out, consciousness fading fast, voices still saying erratic things, you trigger."
"You're a solitary kind of guy, since you lost the wife. Just kind of dropped off the face of the Earth, living out in the boonies, still making enough money off your best-selling novel series to live well. You've taken to home improvement for the past few years, and apparently you screwed up at some point- one day you close a heavy kitchen cabinet you installed too hard, and it comes off the wall. You're pinned, one leg probably broken, possibly crushed. No one is coming for you any time soon. You're just close enough to the under-the-sink cabinet to open it, catch drops of water from a leak you meant to fix to survive. Days and days pass, and your leg's starting to smell. The cats, who stopped paying attention to you when you stopped feeding them, pay a keener, visceral attention now. Your last hope of /someone/ coming looking for you is extinguished as you feel the first playful nips at your festering leg turn into stabbing bites. You trigger."
"It was supposed to be an easy job. You'd break into the vault while the building was closed. Your team had everything it needed. When you pierce the vault's outer layer with a small but powerful explosive, though, it all goes wrong. Somebody fucked up with the wiring, and by the time you get the stuff secured in bags, your getaway driver is screaming in your comms that the cops are surrounding the building. A silent alarm your man missed. Desperate, your team closes itself in the vault, hopefully keeping the police out for long enough for you to burrow out through the ground with one of your shiny new toys. Said device fails an hour in, not even halfway finished getting you out. Trapped, with no escape in sight, the police having you well and truly cornered, you trigger."
"You have two spouses in two different cities, neither of whom knows about the other. You take weeks-long “business trips” where you switch which one you’re living with. Thus far, your lie has gone well: they suspect nothing, they’re both deeply in love with you, and you make enough at your job to keep them both in good shape. However this got started, you honestly love both of them, and couldn’t bear to lose either. It all goes wrong, though, when your first spouse manages to get a copy of your itinerary, following you to your second spouse’s city, planning on surprising you. Fortunately, you manage to bullshit things alright, telling your second spouse that you had a last-minute call away… right up until they happen to spot you at a restaurant. You meet your second spouse’s eyes at almost the same moment they spot you, and you panic, realizing that your two spouses are about to learn about one another. Trigger."
"It's a two person project, something you're doing with a friend of yours you know from online. A phone game, an RPG supplement, a board game, whatever. You get some investors and get to work, trusting your buddy to do his part. After a couple weeks, you can't get in contact with him, and he's the one who handles the money. It becomes increasingly clear that he's run off with the money, leaving you holding the bag, and you can't do the project on your own, you just don't have the necessary skills. You try to find someone to help, or get into contact with your friend, or anything to fix things, but none of it works. Then you get the email. Your investors are suing you for fraud. It'll bankrupt you if they win. Trigger."
"You were never a bad looking person - just not quite good looking enough to be part of the 'in' crowd in high school. You knew people, you talked to people, you existed on the periphery of the group, but you weren't invited to the parties. That all changes when the hottie, a person you've been crushing on since you were first attracted to anyone, approaches you and asks you out. It's everything you ever fantasized about, the teasing conversations, getting hot and heavy in the car before driving home... and it all comes crashing down when their ex comes after you. The hottie is there as the ex and their friends corner you, watching and smiling. As a ploy to make the ex jealous and get them back, it definitely worked, and from the look on the ex's face as they approach, their friends backing them up, you're the one that's going to bleed for it. Trigger."
"You fucked up bad. Always a ladies' man, you treated them like treasure before, and trash after. This bites you in the ass after one of them triggers, in an unrelated incident. She thought it would be fun to watch you squirm. Her ability is to fly and shoot bolts or some shit, but she just opts to pick you up and bring you a mile high. You scream and beg, to no avail. This fucking bitch is going to kill you, and there's nothing you can do about it. You trigger as she let's go, congratulating you on joining the mile high club.
"
"Normally, you would never have taken their offer. You're not a bad person, and you're definitely not a criminal. But you've been down on your luck for a long time, and opportunities don't just present themselves to you, besides who says it's something illegal? You manage to grab the package with no issues, and go on your way. Some weird things happen as you go towards the warehouse, but nothing to explicit. Just a stare here, and an oddly following car there. It's a different story when you reach the warehouse. A rival gang is there, having followed you. They knock you down, breaking something. They take the package and are about to leave, before one of them decides to teach you a lesson. You trigger after he beats you half to death."
"There was someone you liked who you were trying to impress. You knew they skateboarded, you picked it up, devoted yourself to it. Got good. You did videos with them, laughed when you got hurt, laughed when your friends did. Never anything too serious. Parkour stunts, falling down stairs. Then they wanted to try something with more speed. Grabbing onto the back of a car, hitching a ride. When the car turned, you could let go and fly forward. Except you fucked up. You picked a van, one without a rear window. There was a loop of something sticking out. Just as you get ready to take advantage of the turn, it catches you. You go down, skateboard gone. Dragged, fighting to try and keep your skin from touching the road, you feel the van go over a bump. You’re tossed into the air, and as you come down, knowing your face is about to meet asphalt at high speeds, you trigger."
"You got too close to a piece of industrial machinery. Your shirt got caught, and you got hauled against it, your arm getting caught and hauled up and around in a corkscrew motion, shattering and dislocating, while your leg did the same. They’re quick to hit the button and stop the machinery, cutting you free while paramedics load you into an ambulance. It starts to dawn on you just how destroyed your body is, the shock passing and leaving your thoughts clear and the pain free to take over your body. In horror and agony, you trigger."
"You worked your ass off to get into the class with the god of taxes, a joking name for the number one professor in the world for tax law, business and accounting. Getting through a set of his notoriously difficult classes is said to be a virtually automatic in with one of the top 200 international business. But oh man, it’s hard. You were the best, each and every year, up until you were in the God’s class. He pits you against each other, and you cope. He never promises, only ever implies, when it comes to the bonus marks and projects. Then he drops the bomb. No bonus marks. It all comes down to the final paper and final exam. Your confidence plummets in a matter of hours. Your paper is covered in red ink. Okay. Okay. You can still salvage this. You put the paper aside, and sit down for the Final exam. You sit down to write it, and experience quiet horror. You chose this school to get a class with this guy, you won’t get a second chance, and you’re about to flunk the exam. You’re not the only one to trigger - the preppy girl who’s had a hard time from the start snaps, too, frustration and panic built up over months overwhelming her. Multi-trigger."
"Your trigger event happened a while ago. You believed your classmates when they said that Mika was a wizard now. They had a ring and when they punched people with the ring, terrible things happened to them. The biggest humiliations, wardrobe malfunctions, they were the ones to fall off their bikes or lose their homework. Then Noah got sick, and it turned out to be cancer. Mika apparently hit Noah ~twice~, and even Mika was scared about what happened. Then Mika told you that if you didn’t kiss them before and after school, they’d hit you with the ring. You believed them, you did it… until one day, after you were done kissing, they grabbed your arm, whispered they had someone else they liked now, then hit you just hard enough to leave an indent in your arm. Once, twice- and before they could hit you a third time, you triggered. Aware that something was wrong, panicking, seeing the look in Mika’s face, you freak out so much that you trigger -again-, halfway through the first. 1.5 trigger events."
"You’d known the school bully all your life. He was messed up on some deeper level, picking on you in kindergarten, he picked on you in grade school, and he picked on you just weeks ago. Always escalating, getting meaner. For reasons you could never understand, there was never any recourse, he never got expelled. Sick of you returning home with bloody lips, black eyes and -the last straw- a broken finger, your father had your uncle, a police officer, teach you to fight. Only if you had to, he said. You had to. You decked the bully, and life got better. Until you were walking at home and he and his friends ambushed you. They threw you into a hole meant for a swimming pool, the walls too steep to climb. Standing over you, they began to throw rocks. None of the big ones hit you, but they came close, and they’re big enough you know you wouldn’t survive if they did. Scared to death and convinced you’re going to die and get buried, you trigger."
"You love soccer, and what’s more, you’re good. Really good. Talent scouts, scholarships, that kind of good. The kind of good that goes professional. There’s tests, of course, before you can play professionally, but you’re legit. You don’t juice or anything of the sort, just practice and train, because this is the thing you love. Given ten minutes of free time, you’ll either be exercising or mentally running through past mistakes, trying to see where you could’ve done better. So it’s a shock when you submit to an M-Scan and… it turns out you have a corona pollentia. You could be a parahuman. You know you’re not, but that doesn’t mean you can convince anyone of it, or play, or anything. Your scholarships dry up, your former teammates give you dirty looks, and your whole life collapses around you in slow motion. Trigger."
"You work as a bank teller. It's a pretty simple job, pays well, and the hours are good. Today, you're the only person up front, taking deposits and performing withdrawals; it's a bit slow. Then he comes in, pulls out a gun, and blows away the security guard. Everybody's screaming as he steps towards the register, wearing a balaclava and a bullet proof vest, gun in hand. You're frozen in terror, your eyes wide, your fingers tapping the panic button. He shoves the gun in your face. ""Give me all the money!"" You try to explain that the withdrawal system is run mostly by computers that means that you *can't* give him any money beyond what's in your pockets, but he doesn't believe you. You're sobbing out of sheer fear, and the gun goes off right next to your head - a warning shot. He turns it back to you, his lips mouthing some words you can't hear over the ringing in your ears. Trigger."
"You are riding a bus, listening to a jazz album with your earbuds. In one of the stops, a young man enters, and despite the noise in your ears you manage to notice that the driver is shouting at him for not having enough money to pay. You decide to help the boy (whom you find kind of cute), walk to the driver and pay for the boy. As you step back to your seat, smiling at the boy, he thanks you shyly. You try to keep eye contact with him but he looks away, fiddling with the straps of his school bag. You plug the earbuds back in, sit down, and look out the window. A few minutes pass, and you turn your head again to glance back at him. He seems to be terrified, he's crying, and you can't figure out what you did wrong. As he reaches into his bag, probably to take out something, you instinctively open your own bag to search for tissues to offer him. The moment you touch the tissues, the entire bus violently jolts and your ears are hit with a sharp pain. You are flown ahead, your shoulder hitting the seat in front of you with a loud CRACK, and your head following after. Stunned, your vision is blurry, and your body hurts all over. You hear faint screams in the background, and a constant ringing that doesn't stop. You raise your head, push away the hair from your eyes with bloody hands, and look backwards at the source of the explosion. In the middle of the bus, you see a torn arm, and countless pieces of flesh and guts, strewn around the floor with blood splatters all over. Nothing remains of the boy. With tears in your eyes, you open your clenched fist, and a blood-stained piece of tissue paper falls to the floor. You trigger."
"Female roomate. Hot, right? No, oh god, you rue the day that the thought crossed your mind. When she turned up, she was a solid six, not bad, not great. She said she'd been camping for a while and you didn't think much of her being a little ripe. You rue that line of thinking too. You'd call her a pig, but pigs are noble beasts. You remembered people talking about how girls could be, how you'd thought it was a joke. But it got bad. The smell. Like hot garbage and B.O. and sewage all mixed with the thick throat-clogging odor of perfume and beauty products, which only served to accent and carry the other smells. She didn't wash her clothes so much as she set them aside for a few days before wearing the same set of clothes a few days later. She didn't shower, she didn't bathe, and she putrefied every place she went, with your place being the worst of it. You started biking because she borrowed your car (without asking) and the smell lingered, never going away. You lost a chance with a girl because she got a whiff of odors that clung to you. Lying in bed in your room, wet towel under your door, window open and fans blowing, you can barely breathe. With every breath, it seems to be getting worse. Three damn days into an eight month lease. Trigger."
"You've had it. You've had it being either mocked for your failures or totally ignored by everyone in your life. You finally decide - you're going to show them all. They'll be sorry when they find out. Not like you have anything to live for anyway, maybe, in death, you could take some small measure of satisfaction as the endless humiliation and isolation finally... well end.
The first time you jump. Off a building. There's something to be said for the classics. The netting catches you on the way down. Guess it was too classic.
The second time you try to slit your wrists, but you chicken out halfway through. You tell the hospital it was a kitchen accident.
The third time you try the car in the garage trick. You fall asleep and wake up two hours later. Your garage has too much ventilation.
When you buy the gun, you're almost frantic. You can't be so pathetic that you'd fail in killing yourself. You can't. You don't waste any time after purchasing it. As soon as you're outside, you put the barrel to the side of your head and squeeze. The gun clicks. Trigger"
"You were quiet and shy. You didn't bother anybody, nobody bothered you, and that's how you liked it. Your body had different plans, however. You're the first girl in class to start developing, and how - growing out of every bra bought for you, even having to get new shirts. It's awful. The boys ogle and whisper lewd comments, but there are a pair of girls who are worse. They're the popular ones who are used to getting all of the attention, and they've decided you must be punished for having the audacity to hit puberty before them. They overpower you in the locker room and frogmarch you through the halls naked for all to see, 'SLUT' written across your chest in permanent marker. Trigger."
"You are a college athlete. The only reason you are even in this place is because you are that good, and there are rules. A lot of stupid rules. You made a mistake - went out with a friendly sponsor who paid for your food in a restaurant. Apparently that is already enough to lose the sponsorship and be thrown out. You trigger as you receive the letter telling you that your entire future has been taken from you."
"It was late at night, but you've walked this route before a hundred times, and the cool air of the night is more pleasant on your skin than the warm sun. Some guy up ahead drunkenly calls out to you, but you just press your finger on the 'volume up' button on your mp3 player and ignore him. A couple of his buddies step forward, blocking you off, and there's an implicit threat to it. Very carefully, with an affected calm, you pull an earbud out of your ear, listening to them. ""Hey, it's pretty rude to ignore someone, you know,"" one of them says, and you hear another step up behind you. ""I'm sorry, I really need to get home-"" you start, but one of them grabs you by the upper arm. Terrified about what will happen, not knowing what they intend, but your escape cut off as the group surrounds you, you trigger."
"You’re walking home in the dark one night, kinda drunk, when a man walks up to you on an otherwise empty street. He quietly holds a knife up to your gut and asks for your wallet. Judgement failing you, you try to fight back and get the shit thoroughly kicked out of you, stabbed twice in the leg and covered in bruises. You’re not sure how long you’re lying there in the cold, slowly bleeding, but next thing you know there’s a garbage truck coming around the corner, stopping periodically to collect bins. As it gets closer, you realise the garbage men aren’t noticing you in the dark. You can’t get any words out in your state, and though you desperately struggle, your body can’t seem to respond properly to move. Trigger as the truck’s wheels begin to run over your legs."
"You and Steve from the office, the guy three doors down, are in an escalating prank war- it helps distract from the tedium of your lives. It started when he refused to turn down his music, so you cut porn audio into all his favorite songs the day he left his computer unlocked at lunch. Things got nasty rapidly, and six months, a few thousand dollars, two relationships, and a lot of sour cream later, you chug your morning cup of coffee, and your face damn near explodes- pure capsaicin poisoning, only he's used much too much of it. You collapse, screaming, trying but failing not to tear at your blistering lips, and you feel it hit your stomach. Every mucous membrane in your body feels like it's being eaten away with acid, and your stomach convulses so hard you start bleeding internally, rapidly. You trigger as you splatter the office carpet with a mouthful of snot, vomit and blood."
"You need your medication. You know that. The doctors know that. It's not - nobody is denying that. They're just making you beg, like a dog, to give you what you need to keep from feeling like death warmed over. Literally on your knees, your eye twitching, your hands up and pressed together, begging like a fucking dog, because you need it so badly. Fuck this place. God. Fuck. Why did you have to be institutionalized? The doctor takes your daily pill, puts it close to your open palms, and then snaps back, laughing. They're all laughing. Trigger."
"They were popular, attractive, charming, and insistent. You weren't sure at first - some nagging feeling in the back of your mind - but finally, you decided to go out. It was sunshine and roses for a while, then the real them came out. Vindictive, insulting, petty, controlling. It became too much for you to deal with, and you broke up. They didn't leave you alone, and their friends didn't leave you alone either. Anxiety and fear became your constant companions. The rocks hitting your window in the middle of the night, only for their thrower to scurry away into the darkness. The unsigned notes that you knew were from your ex. No one listened to you - they were more popular than you, by a large margin - so you suffered in silence. Finally, you went to the police/school administration and they told you (not in so many words), to fuck off and stop slandering your ex. Trigger."
"Food is scarce. Trucks can’t reach your village, with the fighting in the surrounding areas, so you live on subsistence farming. There’s a bad crop, and it makes a bad famine. You’re not going to make it. You walk out into the surrounding wilderness, an old combat knife your only companion, praying desperately to stumble on something to eat. But the same drought that’s afflicting your community is afflicting the wildlife, and game is scarce and easily spooked. After hours of failure, you start trying to make your way back home, but while you were hunting there was a landslide that shifted the terrain, and the way you took can’t get you back. Hungry, you spend hours trying to find a way back home, before finally collapsing from exhaustion, darkness settling in the corners of your eyes, and you know that you’re going to die here. Trigger."
"You went out camping with your SO, but they turned out to be a bit of a psycho. That's putting it lightly. Apparently they were waiting until you were both alone to 'confront you' about your 'infidelity.' You try to reassure them, tell them that you never cheated on them, but that just sets them off. Maybe it would have been best to wait until after they put away the knife to attempt diplomacy, because they cut open your arm with a wayward slash, and blood is just pouring out. You run, and they follow, shouting after you, tracking you by the long trail of blood you've left behind. It's a really nasty cut, and you can't staunch the bleeding with your hand. Their shouted apologies, begging for you to come back, fall on deaf ears. You don't believe them when they say they're sorry; you're pretty sure that they're going to kill you and hide your body. You can hear the footsteps of your SO, following your circuitous path through the woods, and you know you won't manage to escape, not with this trail of blood you're leaving behind you. Trigger."
"One year as a cop, two years as SWAT, five years in the Army, three of those as special forces. You're good, damn good, but you feel like you could be making more, and you chafe under the brass; they don't know what it's like to be a boot on the ground, don't understand that their men aren't pieces to be moved. So you take your talents elsewhere next time your contract comes up, somewhere where you can actually set the terms of your contract. Private military corporations. Mercenaries, soldiers of fortune. A deployment to South America - a cartel wants some real professionals on their side next time things go down. But things go bad. Real bad. You're surrounded on all sides, no cape support, no air support, mortars and bullets flying all around, as bad as you've ever seen it. The word comes down that there's no extraction: corporate has decided you're not worth it. You trigger as you realize you've traded being sacrificed for honor and duty for being sacrificed for the bottom line."
"Your sister was always out a bit longer than normal, but your parents didn't mind for some reason. You go after her one day, when she leaves for 'jogging' and eventually end up finding out what was going on. She was a cape - and when you talked to her about it after she got home, she told you to avoid telling anyone else. She had the power to create white constructs over their arms that made her stronger and her arms much bigger without adding much weight to her, looking like brightly lit neon bodybuilder arms. And you grow closer over your shared secret. But she died, one day, shot by some gangbanger on the streets. You trigger one day, after being shoved down the stairs by some idiotic kids in school, hitting your head against the floor and feeling yourself drift away as bright lights explode behind your eyes."
"It's only your third commercial flight as a co-pilot. Your partner, a cool silver-haired man, can tell that you're nervous. He flashes a grin and tells a few jokes to put you at ease, guiding the bird effortlessly through the takeoff sequence. Nothing to it, he says, with a wink.
A few hours later, and everything goes wrong. The plane is caught in a storm, and the engines start failing one after the other, in quick sequence. You're wigging out, on the verge of a panic attack, but the pilot freaks out to a much larger degree. The stress is too much for his body to handle, and all of a sudden you're alone - the controls of a plane that is falling apart and out of the sky, as well as the lives of 75 passengers, in your incapable hands. Trigger."
"You always knew you'd get in to tri-Lambda, the fraternity your father went to, but getting it confirmed was a major relief. You've just now started to bond with your brothers-to-be, and you've heard the stories, but you just didn't think the hazing would be THIS bad. You survived the drinking challenges, and the ice-melting, but the final task they've come up with is new this year, and untested. Your brothers get you moderately drunk, and start chucking empty kegs down a long staircase. You are tasked to hop over or under them as you make your way up the stairs, a la original Donkey Kong. Predictably, about thirty seconds later, a whirling keg going connects with your face going ~30mph. You trigger as you pick your cracked and bloodied head off the pavement, your brothers scattering immediately."
"You liked the power. During medical school, you were the family's golden child, and girls liked you. You became an oncologist, and you had respect from every non-doctor you knew. But somewhere along the line, you found the work and the emotional cost was starting to outweigh the gains. One white lie became ten, then a hundred, then you lost count. 'You have cancer', you told a perfectly healthy young man. You told it to old women, businessmen, you got a thrill telling it to a politician, watching him lose his hair as you oversaw the chemotherapy, offering your expertise. You told it to a child, and the family's need for you was intense enough to rival the best sex of your life. You pushed it too far, too many patients at once. Someone was told to get a second opinion, you got caught, and instantly became one of the most loathed people around. You trigger as you step out of your office, faced with a crowd of media and the very healthy people you subjected to radiation and chemotherapy, many too sick to even yell, only staring."
"There was a period where your relationship with your wife was not in great shape; she wanted kids, you couldn’t have them. You had to go to couple’s therapy, but it got better; she got sweet on you again, and it wasn’t hard to reciprocate, to just let all the awful things fade into the past. Months passed, and she turned your garage into her own little workshop, one you were absolutely barred from entering. You didn’t mind. It was a little weird how childlike her metal sculptures were, the mechanized little voices they make saying, “ma-ma” and similar, but at least she’s not complaining about the lack of kids any more. One evening, you realize she’s been cooped up her workshop for the entire day, so you make her a meal and head down. You knock, and the door opens. She’s humming along to a song, earbuds in her ears, a collection of odd tools in her hands and on the worktable. The real problem is the grotesque display on the worktable, with a little boy who couldn’t be older than eight cut open and spread across the table, various mechanical parts interlaced with his body. Horrified, disgusted, and betrayed, you trigger."
"You and your dad were always close, he was the only person in your life that you felt cared about you. Sadly, he passed away a few years ago, and the only thing you have left to remember him is his wedding ring. You’ve worn it nearly every day since he passed, wearing it as a necklace. Whenever you feel uneasy, you rub the ring and pray to your dad, hoping he is watching over you. One morning you wake up, do your typical morning routine, and go to put on the ring, only to find it missing. You panic, tearing your entire room apart to find it. Your mom comes in after hearing the ruckus, and tries to calm you down, telling you that she will search this entire house for it while she is at school. She rushes you along downstairs, telling you that your sister is giving you a ride to school. You’re still extremely anxious while you ride in the car, chewing your nails, worried you might never find it again. Your sister puts her hand on your arm to comfort you, and you see it. Your ring, sitting right there on her fat, greedy fingers. That bitch must have stolen it! You claw it her hands, trying to get the ring off, and she yells at you, questioning what the hell you are doing. Screaming at her, you let her know just how pissed off you are about the theft. Your sister, obviously seeing that the gig is up, yells about how it isn’t fair for you to have gotten it, she knew dad longer, dad loved her more, etc. In a jealous rage, she pulls off the ring and chucks it out the window. The sudden loss and betrayal you feel is enough to push you to trigger."
"Your father is dead. Your mom was still around, but she was always distant, more involved in her work than the family. You felt like a single parent, now, looking after your kid sisters and brother. The area you lived in was peaceful - small, not much nightlife but not much gang activity either. There were a couple of capes, jokes really, but nothing serious - and no supervillains. And then the local gang recruited a Tinker, somehow. Or she recruited them, perhaps. You don't know what her specialty is, but she makes them guns. Lots of guns. Little guns you can smuggle into school; big guns that can wreck an entire house if you offend them. Guns that do horrible things to a person, alter them, torture them, freeze parts of them. You were walking your brother home from school when some guys start catcalling you. When you flipped them off, they pulled out what looks like a miniature grenade launcher. You bolt, dragging your kid brother behind you, and one of them starts yelling and fires a shot. Part of the ground turns to glass, and it takes half your brother with it. You keep running. You trigger when the next shot clips your ankle and you fall to the ground."
"You have a newborn, an itty bitty little guy who has no earthly ability to shut the fuck up, no matter what hour of night it is. You’re sleep deprived, your job involves driving, and you can’t take a break from work, since you’re the sole earner and you don’t exactly have money to spare with a newborn anyway. So it’s not really a surprise that you start to flash in and out of consciousness one afternoon, a few seconds of unconsciousness every minute or so, your vehicle drifting before you wake up. You finally lose control completely for a few bad seconds, and your vehicle swerves, a hard turn right into another car. You wake up with a start as the collision takes place. In the brief moment of naked fear, both for your life and for your job, you trigger."
"Your parents have always been so supportive of your endeavors. When you wanted to start that screampunk band with your friends, they provided the garage. When you dropped out of college to open your own record store, they provided the down payment. Now that it's inevitably failed, they've provided your old room to stay in until you're back on your feet. That was four years ago, though, and you're still no closer to having a job than you were when you arrived. One day, they say you're all going on a road trip to a nearby city, to get out of the house. You're happy enough to go along with them, maybe mooch off them to buy some stuff. They pull into an odd looking facility on the way, though, and won't tell you why they're there. Some men in suits escort you into a big, hot studio and suddenly you're under lights, several cameras pointed at you as a TV host announces you're one of the contestants on Man Children from Hell, a new show. You trigger as the host recounts your failures as a son to the laughing studio audience, your parents watching grimly on in the front row."
"Always a bit aggressive, you rarely held back and never pulled your punches when someone really deserved it. You always told yourself that they started it, that you were only a bit impulsive, but not really the one to initiate such fights. Then you overdid it - the son of an important man in town crossed your path, and you beat him into a bloody pulp, sending him to the hospital for months. You didn't even get to see his release, as you were arrested. You trigger in court, after all your friends betray you in the witness stand, restrained by the bailiff as the sentence is spoken."
"You’re so sick and tired of coming in second best. Sick and fucking tired. You've spent so much time studying, researching, practicing to get into the best school you can and succeed in life but nothing you do, no matter how hard you try, will ever be as good as your roommate’s work. You both share a major, Philosophy, but he has a has a gift with words and the natural intelligence to eclipse even your greatest attempts. What takes you three days of furious research, writing, and editing is inferior to a night’s worth of exertion from that bastard. But... you can’t hate him. He hasn’t done anything wrong, and you know that. He’s just better, and you can’t stand it. He doesn’t know how bitter you are. You worked so hard to get here, and it’s like staring at a wall. In your final year, for your capstone seminar, you’re both submitting drafts of your thesis to be judged for a cash prize. You can’t possibly do better than this, and you’ve agreed to edit each other's work for old time’s sake. But when you open up his draft, it’s beautiful and compelling and you know in an instant that yours doesn’t compare. When you get your draft back you spend every night trying to fine tune. But the words won’t come, the argumentative structure is all jumbled up no matter how you try to apply it. The night before it’s due to be submitted, while staring at thesis that just isn’t good enough, you trigger."
"Well, you did it, you were the part of a small gang, had fun with them, went out and did whatever you wanted. Your family wasn't really in the know, but they didn't need to know! You had fun and made sure the police didn't come down knocking on your door. Problematic is when a bunch of other people started shit near your home, and you called your friends to take care of it quickly. Before anything could escalate though, you saw your aunt walking down the street from your home, she saw you wielding a knife and went up to what would become a fight in just a few minutes. You tried to warn her, but she didn't listen, and when some guy knocked you down on your ass with a good punch, you thought that might be it for her. She was a large woman, probably unfit to run away. And she didn't. she threw a punch, making the guy who approached her cry out in pain and bleed. She swung again, knocking over another one, and your friends stood at the side, just watching. By the time the police came, your aunt had already dragged you home. The next day, you find a video of the whole thing online, and when you go to meet your friends, they laugh at you, tell you to fuck off, and better call your aunt if you need another gang."
"You're not quite aware when the downward spiral in your life started. The fact that it's mostly mental was probably a big part of that. With your parents financing your education and your doing reasonably well in classes, most people would presumably think that you were doing fine. You know the truth, though. You obediently call your parents every week, but apart from that, you can't recall when you last had any real kind of human contact. In fact, if it weren't for your games, you reckon that you would have killed yourself long ago. Your ups and downs comes from killing bosses in RPGs, and few things can get you down like losing a character, as they are the closest thing you have to friends, nowadays. On some level, you know it's pathetic, but you just can't bring yourself to care. Your days mostly blend into each other, meaningless to you except for the heights you reach in your games. That is, until you are one day hit by a bullet while waiting for the bus, and screaming begins, as a firefight breaks out between rival gangs. Despite being shot, you feel no pain, but as you hear a whizzing sound a fear takes root in your mind, and you desperately grab your beloved [Insert name of handheld game console here], only to see it spark and go up in flames, a bullet falling out of the casing. Even as you hear people panicking and fleeing, your mind is numb with the fact that your cherished Pokémon team, which you spent well over 1000 hours collecting and training, has almost literally going up in flames. Trigger.
"
"You grew up knowing only one thing, hate. All you heard, day in and day out was how they were ruining everything, destroying the world. If only they could keep to themselves, all our problems would be gone! Of course you agreed with this, how could you not? It was the only viewpoint you were exposed to. And so you hated them, with a cold fury. You joined the group because of this hatred, knowing full well what it was. You gained their trust, and became one of them. They gave you an opportunity to hit them where it hurt. They gave you a bomb. You walked into the building with it, ready to end the lives of hundreds of them, but... something stopped you. You just couldn't do it. You tried, you really did, but you couldn't find it in you. You called your organization, and told them what happened. That was a bad idea. When he told you to stay put, you could hear it, the hate. You triggered as you fled."
"Your relationship fell apart. It wasn't pretty, or nice. They abused you, physically, emotionally, psychologically. No scars, but more than enough pain. You tried to speak up, but they were pretty rich and famous, and they managed to play you off as the psycho ex. Journalists would interview you, act sympathetic, then turn around and write articles portraying you as a monster. You almost give up hope of your side of the story ever being heard outside of your blog and a few loyal friends. On your first date since the break up, though, you sit down with a near-total stranger, and as you give your name, they laugh. ""You probably get a lot of crap for having the same name as whats-their-face's psycho ex,"" they say. The emotional cocktail they've just unwittingly set off leaves you at a complete loss for words. A mix of anxiety, fear, righteous anger, the feeling of being trapped, of nothing being good enough to satisfy anybody, of a fundamental unfairness. You trigger."
"You like walking the forests, always did. There's something mysterious about nature, and the large trees are a sight to behold as you stroll near the abandoned park. And the nature-loving person that you are, you don't shy away from animals, unless they're dangerous. That ended up being your doom, when you took a midnight stroll and walked near the park again, hearing the whimper and bark of a dog. Immediately worried, you moved closer to the park, and saw a tail sticking out of one of the slides. Moving up to it, you looked down, and saw the black fur of a very hairy dog. In an attempt to get it out, you call out to it, hesitant to touch it, and all hell breaks loose. Or rather, the slide did, as the plastic gets send flying everywhere and sand is kicked up, and you fall to the ground. Jet-black fur and a C branded onto its chest, a cape, you think. It howls loudly, roars, and you scramble backwards, the noises you make on the floor immediately alert it. Its eyes are sealed shut, and its ears twitch... You scramble backwards slowly, your hand hitting broken glass and you hiss in pain. You trigger as the monster jumps you."
"You are failing classes, people have not seen you for weeks. Your parents are probably calling you regularly. You wouldn't know, your phone has been off for days. You wake up, you don't know if it's morning or night, the time or date. At least you're not so terrified all the time. You don't have to look at people and lie to them about being all right, or have to face your falling grades. You don't have to look your parents in the eyes, so this way is better. You've probably failed all your classes, you know your parents are worried sick, you're a failure in so many ways... You turn over, face crumpling, and try to go back to sleep. Hiding from your own thoughts. Because in the end, a failure is all that you are. Trigger."
"You are a construction worker building a brand new office complex. It's dangerous work, but it puts money in your pocket, and you and the boys have always been careful to avoid causing accidents. 
Today must have been your unlucky day. Just as you've finished pouring the foundation, one of the crane operators loses control of his machine as the generator short-circuits. Your crew dives for cover as the concrete bucket swings towards you, but you're too slow. It catches you with a bone-shattering crunch, and you are violently thrown from your platform and into the foundation site.
Moving and trying to stay afloat within the mix fills you with agonizing pain; the impact broke too many things inside your body. You can see the others calling for aid and grabbing harnesses, but you know that they're not fast enough to save you. As you go under the surface, you trigger as the liquid begins to fill your lungs."
"You tried to be a good dad, despite getting your girlfriend pregnant as a teen. You married the girl and held her hand through the process, you put in the full time hours at one job and part time hours at another, making minimum wage at both, and came home to take care of the house, even though your partner was staying at home with the kids, because that was what you were supposed to do, right? You played with the kids and took them places, you went to all the effort, and in the end, just as you started making more money, she left you for somoeone else. You made the divorce as fair as you could, despite the wounded feelings and anger. You had an amicable deal, you gave her what you would've been giving her without the courts getting involved. Years have passed, and she just sued you for child support, including -back- child support. Without receipt or record of what you'd given her to date, she was able to take that amount all over again. Wages garnished to a barely sustainable level (damn that judge!) you reach out to your kid, only to hear your wife's words parroted back to you through an oblivious child's lips: deadbeat."
"It's a beautiful day and you and your significant other have decided to get out and you bring the baby with you. You get to the park and start to look for a nice spot for your picnic, getting a bit far in your search. Once you've found the perfect place you go back to get your baby and the rest of the things. And then you discover that your car has dissapeared, with your baby inside. You panic, you try calling the police but you're a mess, the most horrible possibilities going through your mind, you can't even type the number properly. That's when your car come back, stopping right in front of you and an angry vagrant step out, yelling at you, ""Who the fuck leave their baby alone in an unlocked car! Who the fuck leave their baby alone! You're an horrible person!"". You trigger as realise that he's right and that things could have gone a lot worse by your fault."
"The less said the better - you knew it was wrong, you knew people would judge, but sometimes you get into something and because it's private and personal, you don't have others to check you or tell you to be careful. You step it up to keep it exciting, and you eventually cross a line. The line you crossed was putting a live eel inside you. It bit you, deep inside, and it tears a hole. Unable to walk, feeling the life drain out of you, you trigger."
"Your father was a breaker, changing into an ephermal energy construct that could touch a form of energy and fill themselves with it, radiating pulses of that energy. Your brother received a variant on that same power. He could absorb materials, filling himself up with a swirling mass of that energy, and emitted pulses to convert nearby terrain to that material, concentrating it to make ripples that would push people away or knock them up. Both could emit pulses over time, or wait and emit something more concentrated, but that increased the intensity of the cost that they both paid when they exited the form. You… you didn’t get a power. Not for a while. It didn’t bother you, but as your father and brother got into crime, making bitter jabs about how you weren’t contributing, it started to eat at you. They started holding back better food and taking away your ‘undeserved’ possessions. Shoving you. Never hurting you, but making it clear how powerless you were. When you finally triggered, it was a mixed relief and concern; it ties you more firmly to them."
"Your parents are hardcore doomsday preppers, spending a significant portion of their salaries on building and maintaining a ramshackle bomb shelter and stock of supplies. Their planning eventually comes in handy, if not in the intended way, when a fire breaks out in the house. You're able to flee into the backyard from your window and secure yourself in the bunker, safe from the flames, as far as you know. Unfortunately, it's not the flames you have to worry about- as your eyes dart around the dim shelter, you realize someone's been living in it- your theory is confirmed when a ratty, scabbed arm wraps itself around your neck, another one plunging a very rusty kitchen knife into your abdomen."
"You never have enough time. It doesn't matter, and it went on for months. Working takes everything out of you, and the mental stress that comes with it is often taken care of by sleeping. You wake up exhausted, you grab some coffee, you go to work. When you've a free day, your boss calls, he needs something. You can't say no, if you say no, you'll be fired, and if you keep working, maybe you can get a recommendation to work elsewhere. At least the pay is decent, if you had time spend the money. Most of it goes into fast food, coffee, the time you're on your feet prevents you from being that unhealthy. But there is never enough time. Never. Months went to years, the company went to shit, but you were still on your feet like a train on legs, moving forward. The pay got a bit worse, steadily, until you noticed that even a cup of coffee has become too expensive to have three times a day. Eventually, the company is bought up, and you hope that the workload stops. On your first day with the new CEO, you are called into the office. Your old boss fucked up hard, he did some things and he did a shoddy job of hiding them. After an interview with most people in the company, you were named as his closest 'friend', and will be put under review, on unpaid leave, without recommendation to find another job. You trigger, finally having all time in the world."
"You were born to run. Or so everyone thought. You had some talent, sure. First you were better than everyone in the school. Then you were better than everyone in the State. It came to the national level, and you were still better. Some of your rivals decried the unfairness of nature. What they never saw was you working hard at night, later than everyone else, earlier than everyone else. You poured your, blood, sweat, and tears into it, and you got results. You even got rumors of Olympic Development Training for you. The Olympics! Then, the accident happened. Hit by a car. You listening to music, them on their phone. Just bad luck. Shit happens. Spinal injuries. More bad luck. Well, that's the way the cookie crumbles. Pinched nerves, herniated disks, cracked vertabrae. You'd be walking again, with surgery, but the Olympics? Not happening. You even managed to deal with that somehow; what finally gets you is seeing yourself in a mirror as you're rolled out of the hospital in a wheelchair, a nurse promising you you'd be up and about in ""a few more weeks"". It finally hits you. It's all gone. Trigger."
"You had a few interests when you were younger, and often went online with it, met a nice guy who introduced you to a bunch of other people. With them was that girl, cute and a bit naive, and when all of you met on a con, she met some guy. It went well, at first, they had a long-distance relationship and kept at it for weeks. Until it ended. Well, you saw it coming, the distance was too much, and too expensive for them to visit each other. When she came online and cried, you consoled her. A week later, they got together again. And then they broke up. And the cycle continued, until you were just tried. On a particularly bad day, stress with some relatives and all that, you came home and got a message. She was crying again, wanted to video chat, and complained about how her boyfriend said he needed some 'distance'. You snapped at her, told her to shut up, blocked her and actually forgot most of the nicknames she used so you couldn't find her again when you regretted that. A week later, you get a call, from the friend that introduced you to her. She killed herself, and from the chat logs that were found on her PC together with her suicide note, you're to blame. You trigger."
"You were in unique position of power. A cadet since you were fourteen, you ended up serving directly under the region's top military officer for four years and then serving in his place for six, you the individual in charge of Yaounde's military. Alas, you were fighting a losing war, with too few parahumans, only decades-old tanks and guns. Neighboring regions fell, and responsibility and blame for those deaths fell largely on your head. Your enemy's forces were constantly reinforced, your own slowly whittled down. Very close to the ten year mark, the insurgent group takes over a critical location, and everything collapses. You take what measures you can, give the orders, and cut your losses, making a break for it through secret tunnels. As you head to the rendezvous point where you're to meet your family before you all board an airplane for North America, you get the word - the man you entrusted to evacuate them was a traitor. They're in the hands of the enemy. Even if you were to return for them, you know you would only be reclaiming their corpses. On so many levels, it's a loss that rests on your shoulders. Sagging to the ground, kneeling, you trigger."
"""You were never really chill with hunting, but your family is right Southern and shootin's in your blood. At least, that's what your dad always said. You managed to avoid ever really doing much of it. You mostly hung back in the truck while your dad and brothers did the deed and came back with more deer and turkeys than you ever really needed. You're not even sure if anyone in your family *enjoys* the taste of venison. Either way, near your eighteenth birthday your dad decides it's been enough. He hands you his shotgun and sends you off into the woods. You're barely in there ten minutes when you hear a gunshot behind you. You trigger as you fall to the ground, a searing bullet lodged deep into the flesh of your leg."""
"You were born with multiple defects, due to having a junkie bitch of a mother. Your legs never grew to the right height or muscle mass, your left eye never worked, and you were born with HIV. People look at you with pity in their eyes from the get-go, but you finally manage to fit in with a group of misfits. One day, you come clean about having HIV. They all seemed cool with it, at first. Slowly, the phone stops ringing so often. Whole weeks go by without you seeing your friends. You finally confront them. They tell you it's nothing personal, but you skeeve them out. You're gross. Infected. Physical defects they could deal with, but AIDS? You aren't worth the risk. You trigger as they walk past you."
"You have no memories of your mother since she died when you were a toddler. You have pictures and stories from dad, but it's not the same, and over the years you built up this image in your head of the perfect mother. The day after you turned sixteen, your father tells you she was a cape, and shows you her old costume and gear. Then he brings out newspaper clippings of your villain mother using her invisibility power to steal, kill, and eventually getting caught, explaining how she was just trying to support the family. You listen in horror as the image you've built comes crashing down. Trigger."
"For the last three days it's been the same. She lets you out into the woods. She catches you again. She breaks something else. It's the fourth day, and you've got one working leg. She says she'll break your back if you can't escape after this round of her ""game"". You nearly escape, and then she steps into your view. Trigger."
"You're not sure what the story was, the why or how. Your father was a hero, Hedge, a breaker who fused with his surroundings to turn his surroundings into a jungle of thin pillars and tangled cords. There were strengths and weaknesses to the power, and you saw both at work when you and he were attacked, en route to buy ice cream. He crossed the wrong person, and the two of you get attacked, with you as the apparent primary target. It's actually your first time seeing his power in action, as he raises a virtual jungle around you, emphasizing the pillar growth between the two of you and the attacking parahumans. But for optimal effect, he has to remain in place - the constructions fall as soon as he moves, and while he could merge with the ground and raise them around himself as he skims the road's surface, he couldn't do that and protect you at the same time. He remains there, and sounds eerily calm as he holds a final conversation with you, the pillars glowing red and white with the heat as a laser works its way through them. Your father dies, and in the moment you realize the laser is going to work its way through his chest cavity and destroy you, you trigger. Before the trigger event is even fully underway, you're thinking in terms of your father's power, and how you can use whatever variant of it you end up with."
"Your parents are always pushing you hard to succeed. After several hard earned As in high school and applying to what feels like hundreds of colleges, you are relieved when you get in to one of the best. This is short-lived as your parents make you sign up for too many classes, and you quickly burn out, spending too much time on classwork and making very few friends. A couple years later, your grades have slipped into the C-D range, and your advisor is concerned that you may not graduate. She tells you she has called your parents and they are flying out here to help you get back on track. You can't bear the thought of facing their disappointment, and desperately try to think of a way out of this. A few days later they have arrived and you have only found one solution. Your mind made up, you climb the stairs of a nearby office building, go out on the roof, and jump off with only a slight hesitation. You close your eyes and truly relax for the first time in years. The wind rushes by your ears for a second before quieting, and you feel warm arms around you. You open your eyes to see a cape setting you down on the ground, and think ""I can't even kill myself properly"". Trigger."
"You're famous. Maybe not at the top tier of fame, but hundreds of thousands - maybe even millions - of people know who you are. One night, though, you got wasted, and you talked to this very attractive member of your preferred sex, and you may have said some things you really shouldn't have. They recorded you, and now there's a video of you on the internet, showing you shittalk your fans, your employer, your friends, as you drunkenly throw yourself at this person. News articles explode on the internet, your phone's ringing off the hook, and you're curled up on the bed, hiding from the world, trying to hold back tears as you think about how much you just screwed up your life. Trigger."
"You're a wannabe comedian. A few shows here and there have been quite successful, and eventually get a show on a larger stage with more than two-hundred people watching, and you invited your SO and their sister as well. It starts well, your jokes are perfectly delivered, your puns, while often quite bad, were received well with the slightly tipsy audience. But then it starts falling apart - the show dragged on too long, almost out munition, you grasp straws and make a mistake you shouldn't have made. You make a bad joke, racist, after you see a man in the audience, try delivering it a something funny and end up tripping all over your words, sounding awkward and your SO's sister starts heckling. She won't stop, and it ends up becoming worse - the show ends with you getting boo'd off the stage after calling your SO's sister a cunt, and you trigger after your SO breaks up with you, both your career and relationship over."
"He messaged you online. You were so excited! Three days of talking, and you're in love! He just moved into town, you're his first friend here, and now he's saying he wants you to be his girlfriend! O.M.G.! Something makes you wonder if you shouldn't be careful, so you check online for tips. Tell others where you're going to be. Done. Note left behind, where they'll only find it if they're looking. Meet in a public place. You tell him to meet you at the park. He pulls up in a white van, and honks. You run up, excited, get grabbed, and hauled into the back of the van, tires peeling out. The hand is suffocating, fear lancing through you, and the older men look so scary! You manage to get your mouth free enough to talk, and the first words out of your mouth are to ask where he is. The boy you were supposed to meet. They laugh, and you realize how stupid you were. You scream, and the hand seizes your face, hard enough to bruise. You trigger.
"
"You've spent month upon month putting together a dialogue in your head, confronting your estranged father for the first time in years, going so far as to write down a list of points you intend on going over, shoving into his face. You're old enough now to see his head games for what they really are, a laundry list of emotional abuse accumulated over your childhood. You're saving up money for the plane trip when your sister calls you. A brain hemorrhage, she says - and it sinks in. Your old man is dead. Well, you make arrangements to attend the funeral, but it passes by in a blur, a minister you don't know droning on about a man who you hardly know anymore. It isn't until he gets to ""a good father"" that you snort in derision, walking out of the service in outrage and frustration. You drink yourself into a stupor in front of his grave after his burial, mumbling to yourself, gradually working up to a full tirade, notes previously written scattered to the wind, screaming at nothing, your words ringing hollow. Kneeling in front of the headstone, bile rising in your stomach, you can't help but feel eight years old again - one final mind game from the old man, fucking with your head one last time, robbing you of the thing you needed most - closure."
"You were mugged, held at gunpoint for long minutes, made to fear for your life, but that's not what made you trigger. No, it was the aftermath. You were afraid to go outside. Seeing a stranger would make your heart pound, memories of that man racing through your head, replaying, bringing the fear back to the forefront. You can't leave your room, and your parents were understanding, at first. The one friend you keep is your cat; the rest slowly begin to see you as what you are: a broken shell of your former self, too anxious to step outside your doors. Even your parents' patience starts to wear thin, on the second or third year of it. Your cat gets sick, and you desperately want to take her to the vet, but you can't manage it on your own. You beg and plead for your parents to do it, but they see it as an opportunity to force you outside. Several times, you manage to open the front door, only to rush back inside, quivering, when some stranger glanced your way. After days of it, trying and failing, the pervasive fear of the outside overwhelming you, you hold your cat close to you, and she's too sick to do anything; she doesn't even meow, just coughs pathetically. You trigger as she dies in your arms."
"Your spouse was always a charming person, and they could talk most people into most things. They talked you into taking a lunch to work, so you ate bagged food rather than going to a restaurant with coworkers; it'd save money, let you buy that piece of furniture you wanted, even though it meant you spent less time networking with your coworkers. They talked you into moving cities; it would be a good career move for them, help both of you get more financially secure. They talked you into quitting your job, cutting off your friends, stopping talking to your family. They're your only friend, now, the only person you know in this strange city, and God help you, you love them. They bring it up so casually, when you're lying in bed. Kidnapping someone to keep as a slave. You've been doing what they asked for too long to stop now, or maybe you're just that fucking stupid. You help them. You're honestly shocked when they kill your 'slave' after just a couple days of keeping them in captivity. You're far, far too deep in to back out now. Trapped, betrayed, an accessory to kidnapping and murder, and totally alone, you trigger."
"You're mailed on social media. It's a series of links, all about you. Erotica stories, photoshopped pictures, and each one devolves into vicious and sadistic gore & snuff fantasies. Bad as it is, it gets worse: the only people who have access to those photos are people on your friends list. 15 people who amount to your closest family and friends."
"Your sister's death ruined your life. She had a bright, happy, future in front of her. Sirensong and her gang had burnt that future to the ground. The bitch had put a bullet in her head, and then destroyed the body. You had seen her face while she did it in the street, she wasn't a bit sorry for the atrocities she had inflicted on you and your family. Claire was gone forever. You had gone through enough therapy to make anyone insane. That sick fuck wasn't sorry for her sins, and if the government wasn't going to make Sirensong pay you were. You had tracked the sick fucker down, at the local club, a marketplace for mercenaries and villains who offered their services to the ganglords that offered all kinds of shiny pennies. Putting a bullet in her head wasn't good enough though, after that you stabbed, cut, and sliced into her dead body, screaming and crying. Finally you trigger as you pulled off the demonic looking full face mask, revealing the bloody face of your supposedly dead sister."
"There has been some home invasion gone wrong in the area recently, and you've started to have nightmare about being attacked in your house, you and your spouse getting tortured and killed by thugs. You decided to buy a shotgun for home defense, and once you're back home with you freshly purchased gun you try loading it to see how it work. Somehow you accidentally pull the trigger: the slug goes right through your hand and the wall, and you hear a brief scream of pain from the other side. The pain is unbearable but you can think clearly enough to remember that your spouse was in the next room. Clutching your mangled hand, using the wall for support as you feel like you're going to pass out from pain and blood loss, you go check on them, discovering their corpse laying in a pool of blood, a big hole in the stomach. It's worse than your nightmare, it's real, and it's all your fault. Trigger."
"You've been active. Well, online. Online you could meet millions of people, chat with them, have fun! So when a convention was nearby and you decided to go, you met a few of your friends. And nope, your parents were completely wrong. They are just as great as in chat! And you have a lot of fun with them before they leave. And well, you also met someone there, and you hit right off. They were just sweet, so adorable, and you had a lot of fun. But sadly, they lived far away and you could only resort to video chats to keep your relationship working. It worked out, for a bit, until they broke up with you. You cried, complained, cried some more. You told your friends, and they consoled you. Then, your ex apologized and you couldn't stop yourself from forgiving them. The relationship started again. And again, it broke up. And again, you got together again. And again, and again, the endless cycle of crying and complaining to your friends until you realized that only one of them was left, and he kept listening. It wasn't forever, though. His patience must have run out, because after the 50th time of dealing with this he started to get angry, shout at you, told you to get a grip on your life and finally end this shit with your ex and just stay away. He blocked you, deleted all connections you had to him, just like the others did. It was your only escape, and now you destroyed all your relationships you built over the past few years. You trigger, seeing your ex message you with an apology again."
"She was perfect. Sweet, gorgeous, with a similar goal in life to yours. You felt lucky every day with her, and you could tell she felt the same way, which just made it all the better. When you got married, she quit her job - totally reasonable, she made peas compared to you and you'd honestly prefer her to be home. Then you found out she burned through all the petty cash on your debit card in the first week of your marriage - more than five thousand dollars, frittered away. You had a long talk, and you had to give her a monthly allowance, even though you don't like having to treat her like a child. You hoped it would teach her to manage her money. Nope. She still burns through the money in the first few days she gets it, a year in. You're more than a bit frugal, and seeing her waste money like she does drives you up the wall. The fact that she'll often come to you for more money in the middle of the month for things like groceries or gas because she's already spent everything you've given her doesn't help. Then you go to buy something with your debit card, only to find it declined. A quick investigation reveals she took it, spent several thousand dollars, and put it back. You try to confront her, and she turns it around on you, claiming you're controlling, that you keep all the money for yourself, that you never do anything nice for her. The combination of the stress and her sudden hostility pushes you to trigger."
"The shop wanted a whole grand to stick in the speaker system. You bought the damn thing for, what, 20 bucks, there was no way you were paying one thousand smackeroos to stick it in there. Couple of manuals, some internet tutorials, and you've got it down...except...Was it the red wire, or the grey wire? Everything else is in place - maybe the red? Eh, what's the worst that could happen? You grab it and oh shit oh shit oh shit ahhHHHHHHHH. Good job, you just grabbed a live wire. Trigger."
"The big C. Cancer. The odds are 50-50, you're scared, and the boyfriend/girlfriend you moved halfway across the country to live with is caught up in work out of town, unable to come to support you for months. Scared, your defenses crumble. You just need support, a helping hand, so you reach out to your parents. They make plans to come, and your bratty, spoiled sister that still lives at home refuses to let that happen. She makes noise about it being a hassle, and when that doesn't budge your parents, she starts complaining about her 'Fibromyalgia'. The self centered bitch had a conversation with you a decade ago about how she'd fake having the disease to get disability cheques and never have to work again, and now she's using it as leverage to strip you of support in your time of need. Alone in a strange city, you trigger."
"You barely know what hit you, all you remember is a flash of headlights and squealing brakes. You wake up in the hospital to a world of darkness. You can't move your limbs, can't open your eyes, can't do anything aside from breath in and out automatically. The doctors come by and perform their tests, but you can't tell them anything, even though you're screaming inside your skull. Your friends come, your relatives too, but you can't so much as move a muscle even when they try to talk as if you can hear them - unaware of your fate. Your family doesn't have the money to pay the bills, but they do so anyway, for a while. Eventually though, as the weeks crawl by inside the prison of your body, they can't anymore and decide to let you go. You hear them crying, comforting each other as they say their goodbyes, assuring themselves its a mercy while you rage helplessly. Your significant other is the one to do it, whispering a tearful goodbye in your ear as they turn off your life support. You realize you're going to die, awake, concious, and trapped in your own head, and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. Trigger."
"You heard whispers from your coach, that tonight's game was an important one. There's a scout at tonight's basketball game, and the guy asked your coach to keep things quiet. He wanted to see how you usually play. Your future on the line, you join the game and everything clicks. The pressure is perfect, you're on the ball, you're playing your best, and everything flows. You're in the zone, and you're close to beating the best team in the state. Two thirds of the way through the game, you hear the crowd roar, as another player steps in for the opposing side. He walks funny, doesn't make eye contact with anyone. You hear the story. He's the assistant manager for the opposing team, he's autistic, and he exists solely for the game. Their team is ahead enough in the season they can afford to put the kid in and throw a game, your team doesn't see just how close you are to winning this one, and the dominoes fall. The kid misses, your team doesn't fight as hard to keep the ball from him as they could. Then he sinks a three pointer. Then another. Then another. The crowd roars, a teammate doesn't pass to you, but passes in a way that lets the kid have the ball. Another three pointer. You're floundering out there, looking bad... and finally find yourself face to face with him. In the heat of the moment, pushing for a win and a good showing, you charge past him, and he ends up on the ground with a bleeding face and missing tooth. Teammate, coach, fans, family are all jeering, booing you as loud as they cheered the boy, the scout staring, a horrified look on his face."
"You're doing one of those bed isolation experiments for NASA or whoever. It's day thirtysomething of fifty, you've sort of lost track. You're tied down, hardly able to move, with feeding tubes and a rig to handle excretions, but you still managed to piss yourself early on and you've had a horribly painful, itchy rash on your inner thigh for more than a week, hardly letting you sleep. You've found that you can rub your leg against the straps to scratch the itch, and over the last week's it's been the only focus of your thoughts, relentlessly rubbing and rubbing and rubbing until your lag feels aflame with the pain and pleasure of the itch. One night, wide awake and staring at the ceiling, you are startled as two men burst through a door that's been unopened for more than a month, carrying medical equipment. As one undoes your straps, the other peels back the blanket, ripping it off your leg. You finally get to look down to see blood-soaked sheets, horrible welts and cuts all along the inside of both your legs, a yellowish liquid seeping out of the gashes. You can hardly understand what they're saying through the pain and confusion, but you catch a few words - they think they'll need to amputate. Trigger."
"You were born into a poor family. Not quite poverty, but you could afford cheap food, cheap housing, and cheap clothes with little to spare. Your parents, both working two jobs to keep the income, could not even afford to send you to elementary, so you were supposed to just have at most a high school education. At least, that was the plan. As it turns out, you were smart. Always at the top of the class, eventually you had been offered a scholarship for a good college. Knowing that it would make your parents' lives easier, you took it. 
It was the finals for the a subject in your second year, and you studied harder than ever. So hard, in fact, you took the test sleep deprived and hungry. Your mind wanders against your will, and try as you might, you can't focus anymore as your body breaks down after being pushed so far. Almost to the point of falling unconscious, you do some quick mental math, then realize the worst part of it all. Failing this test will bring your grade down, down below the grade required for a scholarship, then you'll have to start paying the school's far too expensive tuition. You've gone so far, though it's all for nothing as your body betrays you at the worst possible time. Trigger."
"You were burnt alive, but that's not how you triggered. No, you woke up in the hospital, missing three limbs, burn scars running up and down your body, one of your eyes missing, only three fingers on your surviving arm. You managed to pull yourself together well enough, doing physical therapy, learning to work with what you had left. Your physical therapist said you were the most driven patient he'd ever seen. When you were released, you were consigned to a wheelchair, sure, but you can keep on living, even managing on your own. Except all kinds of things that were trivial before, aren't any more. It's embarrassing to have difficulties opening a door *and* going through it at the same time, having to try to get your elbow to hit the controls on your wheelchair while you hold the door open with your hand. Gradually, you isolate yourself, staying at home and ordering food in, sticking to the few tasks that aren't that difficult, or that simply can't be avoided. There's no particular point that's any worse than the rest, but there is the dawning realization that all your hard work has born its fruit, and this is about how you'll live for the rest of your life. You finally trigger when you try and fail to open a container of salsa, accidentally dropping it and sending glass and salsa splattering across your kitchen floor. It's a both a symbol of your inability to perform even the most rudimentary tasks unassisted, and it's going to be a massive chore to clean on your own."
"You're considered to be one of the best surgeons in the area. Repairing damaged organs and excising malignant tumors were routine in your life. But it all went downhill when your arm suddenly spasmed mid-operation, slicing something important with the scalpel. The patient survived, but he's suing you for damages. To make matters worse, the lawsuit investigation reveals that you're displaying early symptoms for A.L.S., and that you've got less than five years before your nervous system completely degenerates. Not that it matters to the plaintiff. As the walls start closing in on you, you trigger in your despair."
"You were offered a good deal. The PRT needed someone to look after what they called a 'case 53'. A boy with no memories, a marking on his shoulder, and powers. But those powers came at a terrible price. They changed his body, head to toe, giving him an appearance like a cockroach crossed with a maggot. But his face, oh, it was a normal face, but for that tattoo. It was his eyes that convinced you. You had experience in studying parahumans, the prof that led your department said there were opportunities unlocked with this move, he knew you had experience in foster care and plans to foster, and he knew you needed the money, so he pointed the right people at you. You look after the kid for two weeks, a young teen, shuttling him here and there for tests and tutoring, helping him make a game controller for his strange, insectile hands and playing Qbert Qart with him, watching movies and teaching hiim about the world. It was actually the coolest thing you've ever done. On your birthday, you were invited to your parents. You open the door to a 'surprise' sign in the hall and no crowd to welcome you. Entering the living room, you find the party guests. They lie there, comatose, eyes rolled back, virtually all with stomachs distended, pregnant. Father, mother, sister, your partner, your cousin. Stunned, in horrible shock, you stagger forward to get a view out onto the back patio. He was a she, it seems, and she's entered puberty. She's got her insectile hands on the family dog, and its stomach seems to magically swell with her young. You trigger with the eye contact."
"You were carrying drugs cross-country, and somebody fucking narced, because a cop tried to pull you over when you were doing the speed limit. There was a brief chase and, long story short, your car's now suspended halfway over the edge of a bridge, a long, long fall in front of you. Each time you move at all, your car teeters dangerously, and the cops are surrounding you already. Trapped, unable to move without risking falling to your death, and definitely screwed - even if you get out alive there's about no way the drugs are coming with, and there'll be hell to pay on that front - you trigger."
"One day, after having a few too many served to you at home by your (widowed) darling of a wife, you feel an discomfort in your chest. She reassures you, tries to calm you down, suggesting it's no big deal, that you just need to lie down for a little bit. You're more worrisome than most about your health, and you're feeling short of breath; you finally decide to call the hospital. An ambulance picks you up, your wife getting in with you, and the EMT gives you a preliminary diagnosis of a heart attack, saying the symptoms were classic. Your wife's last husband also died of a heart attack. You turn to her, confused as to why she wouldn't have recognized it or been *more* worried than you, and you see something flash across her face for just a moment. It's unambiguous in your mind: she poisoned you. Trigger."
"It's the event of the season. You've gotten dressed up in a gorgeous new dress that mixes modesty with allure in new and fascinating ways. You're excited, you've got a date with the most wonderful person, all in all it's looking to be a great night. Then, in the middle of a dance with your new beau, your dress gets caught on something, and it just rips clean off, leaving you naked but for your underwear, and it takes just a few seconds for everyone to turn to look at you. Your date is just staring in silence rather than doing anything to help, and you can't really cover enough to deal with it. You feel tiny and alone in a crowd of gawkers. Trigger."
"You and your buddy did a bit of a double-team, tried to rip off a drug dealer. You'd grab the cash, they'd distract the goons, you'd reconnect elsewhere. Only problem is, you got ripped off halfway there, and when you try to explain to your buddy, they don't believe you. You're running, and they're coming at you with a gun, bullets whizzing just inches past your face as you try to get away. You trigger as you trip and fall, knowing that in the time that it'll take you to scramble to your feet, you'll already be dead."
"You hate the soldiers and what they have done to your village. Once a quiet place, it is now unwilling host to a group of unruly men who drink all the time, take anything and anyone they want, and kill all who speak against them. Your father insists that you stay quiet and keep your head down, so you do.
One evening, soldiers armed with guns kick in the door. They swear that your father has been plotting against them, and reel off a list of things that others have blamed him for - things he could not have possibly done. They beat him in front of you and your family, then haul him up to his knees, bleeding and groaning. They are going to shoot him.
You go beserk. Your weapon is anything within arms reach: First a chair, then a fire poker, and then you seize one of the guns. The fight is a vicious whirlwind, and soldiers fall left and right in the face of your fury. In a fleeting window of lucidity, you see your mother and brother on the ground, dead or dying. You return to the fray, redoubling your efforts to kill them but no longer caring if ther bullets strike you. Trigger."
"You grew up and lived in a small town, and life was good. Simple, but good. You did your schooling at home and online, you were set to inherit your parents' shop, and though you resisted at first, you bowed to pressure and agreed to start dating the neighbor's child, and after the usual teenage pushback against what your parents wanted for you, you agreed that it was a good match. Everything seemed set. Until a private investigator came to you, pushing a photo into your hands. You were kidnapped at a young age, they said, apparently to help bolster the numbers and keep the dwindling community alive and thriving. Only your parents and a few of the higher-ups truly knew, while others suspected, and kept their mouth shut. Faced with the fact that the people you trusted most were lying and conspiring against you for your entire life, you trigger."
"Your mom and dad started fighting a lot. The arguments would escalate and you'd have to pull a pillow down over your head to muffle the noise just so you could sleep. There wasn't a single conversation at home that didn't have some bitterness or anger, some snarky comment or biting insult. When they sat you down and pretended to act like they got along, just long enough to tell you that they didn't love each other anymore and they were getting a divorce, you were almost relieved. But it didn't end there. You were brought to the courthouse, and within the span of an hour, were being pressured by attorneys, by parents, by the judge, and by child protective services, who asked if you'd ever been abused, if mommy had done this or if daddy had done that. There are no right answers, no answers that don't hurt one of the parents you care about, and you're the trophy theyr'e trying to win, the sole thing either of them really want, caught in the middle of a vicious, bitter game of tug-of-war."
"You fucked up, and now you're going to *get* fucked up. The gang you roll with apparently has some fucking history nerd for a head, and the piece of shit decided you'd be drawn and quartered. You're taken out of the city, and strong ropes are tied around your limbs and attached to the back bumpers of multiple cars as you scream and struggle. The cars start to move, each in a different direction. You trigger as the ropes are pulled taut, feeling your limbs stretch to try to compensate, knowing how this will end."
"Your dad hits your mom. He’s done it as long as you’ve been alive, and sometimes it gets rough enough she has to go to the hospital. “She fell down some stairs.” Never you, though, luckily enough. Just her. You hit a growth spurt, a big one, and you’re tall now, gawky but with some genuine muscle. It’s enough to fool you into intervening as he starts to lay into her. It doesn’t go well; he easily knocks you to the ground, slamming your head unceremoniously against the tile floor. As you feel his foot digging into your back, right between your shoulder blades, all you feel is a deep and abiding sense of regret that you were stupid enough to try to play hero. Trigger."
"You are an avid user of social media of all kinds and have amassed a small collection of followers. For years you’ve posted about your daily life - school, family, friends, selfies, your best and worst moments - to both record your thoughts and vent when necessary. One day, someone messages you and strikes up a conversation. You instantly hit it off, but the as you talk to them the you begin to realise that they know far more about you than you are comfortable with. You block them, but they continue to message you on other sites, referencing things you posted years ago. Once they bring up your home address, you delete all your profiles to try and stop them. That’s when the phone calls and letters start, followed by the horrifying sensation that you’re being followed. You go to your parents, friends, and even the police but nobody seems to think it’s a big deal. You change your number, burn each letter and move into a new apartment and for it seemed like you’d lost your stalker. When the letters start to flood in again, you pull the same thing again. Again. And Again. And Again. Each time you moved you’d have perhaps a month or two of peace at the most until you’d come you’d come home to find a new letter on your bed with the words “FOUND YOU” neatly printed inside. You try to stay in contact with friends and family ,but nobody really feels the urge to talk with the “modern nomad”. You finally trigger as throw the sixth letter in the trashcan, filled with a familiar sense of frustration as you fall the floor, drained, and reflect upon your utter loneliness and just how damn tired you are of your constant migration."
"Your boss was a villain - more specifically, a Tinker. You were his right hand, and he even let you into his personal workshop, showing you around. His tech was built around creating all kinds of weird semi-automated suits and other personal equipment. When Leviathan hit, he died. Your life fell apart, financially, and after several months you decided to risk it and go to his workshop to see what you could salvage. The devices were alien, but the parts weren't - he used a lot of gold circuitry and gemstone ""computers,"" which is another way of saying expensive shit you could loot. When you break in and start looting, you find out some of the machinery is still running when one of the machine arms stabs you in the shoulder with a syringe. Your whole arm goes numb instantly, your vision starting to blur, and you trigger."
"You grew up in Sydney, and Leviathan cost you everything. Your house was destroyed, the company you worked for went bankrupt, and most of your references and friends were dead. You struggled to get the slightest bit of government benefits to stretch your days out, but even that was a stopgap. In spite of your efforts, you've got no savings, no job, no place to stay. You finally trigger when your benefits run out, not knowing where you'll get your next meal."
"Your father's beating down your door in a drunken rage. You've got your whole weight pressed against it as he kicks and rams his weight into it, feeling the wood bend and distort beneath his strength. You know that it won't survive much longer, and you know that when it breaks down and shatters, you'll be on the receiving end - both of the splintered wood, and your dad's wrath. Trigger."
"You bought a house with your partner, but when your partner died, you weren't able to pay the bills. You took on a renter, dividing the house into two portions, and things seemed to be going smoothly. The rent came in on time, your brief visits showed the place was clean and in order, and the college kid you were renting to was a nice guy, if a little naive. Even when he got sick, his family covered the rent, and things seemed to be okay. You made it a habit to check in, you left his little workshop and study materials alone, and found the place in working order, with no damage. When -you- started to get sick, however, you had to wonder. You had authorities come in to check for toxic molds and the like. You stand outside the place and wait until the people come out, moving rather briskly. You realize what's happened when you hear the device they're holding. Pipipipipipiiippipi. One of those detectors for radiation. Whatever the little idiot was doing in that workshop, he's probably killed you."
"You figured you'd fry up some potatoes for dinner, but get a little too absorbed into the show on your TV. Your inattentiveness damns you, as you belatedly realize the flickering light in your kitchen is a grease fire, growing out of control. Unfortunately, in addition to your inattention, you're also not the brightest. You fill up a huge bowl of water as the fire scorches your ceiling and ventilation hood, and you dump the water on the raging fire, hoping to quench it - and it erupts even higher, searing the flesh straight off your arm as you pour. Trigger."
"Your spouse was the moneymaker, then they died, while you and your children lived. They didn't have life insurance, and you struggled to keep the funds together in the aftermath, to hold onto the house that the two of you built together. Your finances were never in good shape, and things only got worse, rising property values meaning that property taxes went up. It all added up to ""too much."" You're in your spouse's old office, going over the numbers again and again, but the conclusion's inescapable. You'll have to sell the house, to leave behind all the precious memories you made here. The crushing weight of it pushes you to trigger."
"Completely random - some psycho just grabbed you and shoved you down, started violently attacking you. In a few frantic seconds, you're curled up on the ground, trying in vain to protect your head with your hands, and the guy just starts stomping on your skull. Your vision swims, your grasp on reality shifting with each slam, and you struggle to formulate a coherent thought as he just keeps going on you. You trigger as your vision starts to darken and unconsciousness starts to set in."
"Your spouse works for Leonine Labs, a newer tech company that's trying to take tinkertech and turn it towards industrial applications. Things are going well until you and your spouse start to get sick. You're anemic, vomiting, your hair falling out, occasionally coughing up blood. It takes the doctors weeks before they can figure out what's wrong with you: improper containment procedures at Leonine left your spouse exposed to residue from hazardous chemicals, and that exposure transfered over to you. Your spouse has it worse than you, but it's slow acting, so both of you get to watch as your bodies break down under it; there are a dozen other people affected by it, but none of them as badly as the two of you. As you wake up one morning, eyes bleary, still feeling exhausted after sleeping fourteen hours, you're told by a nurse that your spouse died in the night, their organs just shutting down as they slept. Knowing you'll soon follow them, you trigger."
"You studied for this, trained for months cramming your head full of facts and trivia. Now you're in the gameshow's final round, with a million dollars on the line, all or nothing, and you panic. You pick an answer and realize it's stupidly, hilariously wrong a nanosecond after you choose it - a joke answer that was supposed to make things easier. The host says some comforting words, but they turn into background noise, blending in with the dull roar in your ears. All you can think about is how your friends, your family, the entire nation, all saw how stupidly you just threw away 1 million dollars. Trigger."
"When you were younger, neither you nor your wife were particularly good looking. It turns out she was the ugly duckling, and became a beautiful swan. You, not so much: you're still a gawky pale geek. She's in love with you, she's stayed by you, but you can't help worry that sooner or later she'll realize she's out of your league. You go out to a bar with her, hoping to have a good time, and she gets a little too drunk. You try to help her out to your car, and everybody decides that just because you're not as pretty as her, you must be some horrible monster. She's not even trying to defend you, either too drunk or too embarrassed to do so. As a crowd of strangers accuse you of all kinds of horrible things and threaten you with similarly awful ones, trying to claw your wife from your arms, you trigger."
"It happened slowly, but you wound up a member of a new religion. ""Cult,"" might be the word. You thought they had the truth about the way the world really worked. Everything they said made sense, really. There is an apocalypse. There are unexplained things, monsters, demons, gods. You were always on the periphery, though, especially because you were willing to question some of the odd bits of theology, or point out some of the leader's moral failings. You still believed, of course, but it was a surprise when you found yourself invited to a quiet retreat, with the leader and some of the senior members. You jumped at the opportunity, one of them picked you up, and then... then you were drugged, blindfolded, tied up. You're naked, you're only barely clinging to consciousness, and you can feel a knife pressing against your skin, cutting thin lines across your chest. Trigger."
"You went on one date. One date, and it wasn't even very good. They just won't let go, though. They harass you, constantly. You change your phone number, your email address, you start dying your hair, you change apartments, couch surf with friends for a few weeks, you file for a restraining order, you do everything you can, but they still find you somehow, weaseling their way through things. At the end of your rope, you finally respond, agreeing to a meeting in a fairly public spot, hoping that you'll be able to talk them down. They show up - in costume. They're a hero, a Thinker with some kind of hunter-killer power, which explains how they kept finding you. They say some bullshit about how you're a criminal and lock your arm behind your back as they drag you out of sight, the crowd doing nothing. Terrified and not knowing what they intend, you trigger."
"Always second place to your sister, in the attention from your parents, in the attention from boys, from teachers, you never matched up to her in grades, in athletics, even in obscure hobbies you picked up. You can remember playing Go and learning for months in secret before letting her know you were playing. She picked up the game and was capable of beating you within a week and a half. You almost suspected she had powers, but she was just that type of person, competitive, driven, excellent at whatever she set her mind to. Then you found a boyfriend, and he was handsome, sweet, smart, a perfect complement to you. She actually made a pass at him, and he turned her down. You'd never been happier. A three year relationship, you moved in together. Everything was perfect, until he acted a little weird as he shooed you out of the the room on Christmas day, while he was wrapping presents for your family. You snuck back in, you checked the parcels, and you found one, set apart from the rest. Jewelry for your sister, nicer than what he bought for you. He's too smart to buy jewelry for anyone he didn't have feelings for. Second place, you trigger."
"You should have aborted him. You'd known - the doctors had said - that your little baby had a very high chance of severe developmental disabilities. But you thought it was wrong to take a life without even giving it a real chance, and your spouse agreed with you. Now you've got nothing but regrets. It costs so much in medical bills to keep him alive and fed and safe. He's not functional, you have to baby him every minute of every day, like an eternal infant. It's destroyed your marriage - you haven't made love to your spouse in years for lack of time and due to mutual exhaustion. You're pretty sure they're having an affair and, honestly, you can't blame them. Late one night, he starts screaming and pounding on the walls again, waking you up from your sleep after what couldn't have been more than an hour. You force yourself unsteadily to your feet to go deal with him, and finally trigger as you see that he's smeared his feces on the walls again."
"You were caught in the crossfire of an all-out parahuman fight, a wayward stroke of some weird energy sword cutting into your side. You get away, call an ambulance, get to the hospital. At first, it looks like a flesh wound, a bit of muscle torn but something that can be healed. A day in, though, it starts to fester. Not rot or gangrene, but something alien, little slivers of glowing teeth poking out of your skin, shredding through your bandages, awful and alien and raw. The whole area starts to pulse with life, like some alien entity instantiating itself through your abdomen. You trigger in horror at what's happening to your body."
"There's a little bit of forest you used to go to all the time when you were young, and you still go there when you want a break from the dash of city life. Like all things from your childhood, it seems so much smaller now, and safer. Except not anymore - it turns out a gang's hiding in there, and now you're running madly through the woods as they chase after you, firing their guns whenever they catch sight of you. You daren't go out in the open where you're an easy target, but they're closing in on your position... You trigger as one of them breaks through the brush and fires at you."
"You went to the army, you came home early on, and you had nowhere to go. You were homeless, friendless, your family was angry you'd left and you weren't on speaking terms. Getting to a better place took a long time. You volunteered at the same soup kitchen you ate at, you met people, found work, and ultimately got a house you all shared. Things were maybe better than they'd been in your entire life, you were happy, you enjoyed what you were doing, and you liked your friends. One of your buddies came home with what he said was a cash settlement for wrongful dismissal, he treated you guys to good things, threw a party, and he was the hero of the hour. There was no wrongful dismissal. The cash was collected from the house payments, and in the wake of his moment in the spotlight, you all lose the house. The group breaks away, you have to leave a great job because you can't find a place close enough to it, and you once again flirt with homelessness. That was a year ago, and the resentment eats away at you, poisoning your thoughts. Vivid fantasies about finding your 'friend' and beating him into a bloody wreck, or threatening him with your gun, even -shooting him- eat away at you in a very real way. You trigger in the moment the old excuses you used to hold yourself back stop working."
"You got lost in the wilderness, the cold biting at you, your cellphone dead. You wander for hours, trying to find your way back to civilization. Suddenly, your body starts to feel like it's on fire, and you pull off layer after layer of clothes to try to cool down, until you're completely naked. You crawl into a small little crevice in the earth and curl up, trying to get cool. In a delirious state, dying of hypothermia, you trigger."
"You were a teen who liked to drink and party, and you were pretty staunchly Atheist. Apparently that was enough for your parents to send you to a 'scared straight' program. Kidnapped, taken to Mexico, and kept in conditions worse than a prison. No talking, ever, eyes on the floor. Take more than a minute to pee or brush your teeth and you had to do a hundred pushups in three minutes, or you got put in the dog cages, chin to the floor for three hours, hostile dogs mere feet away. Nobody was allowed to use the toilet for an hour after eating, because some of the others were bulimic, and none of the girls were allowed tampons, because they could be used to commit suicide, blood running down legs. While doing one of the lighter jobs, bleaching bloody girl's underwear, and you crack. In the moment the guard watching you is distracted, you start drinking the bloody bleach. They get you before you can get enough to be sure. All the long weeks of pressure and confinement and the grinding down of your identity were too much, and the knowledge that things were going to get so much worse in the wake of your suicide attempt hits you. You trigger."
"There's a sense of satisfaction you get, pushing your body to its limits, going where you're not supposed to go by virtue of your own strength. You're an urban climber, and you're hauling yourself up the rusted, shaky fire escape ladder of an abandoned coal storage facility. The climb is fine, even without the aid of rope and clip, and the view is magnificent - overlooking a river, where barges still travel, and once delivered coal to this very place. As you reach the landing, you feel a pleasant, satisfying burn in your arms, the wind whipping your hair and making the fire escape shift jerkily in a way that makes your heart sing. You force the lock to the inside of the building, intent on reaching the apex of the facility by climbing up the service ladder in the now-defunct elevator shaft. As you step into the interior of the tower's upper level, you hear a high-frequency sound, ascending in pitch, like the charging of a camera's flash unit. You turn to investigate, and realize - the abandoned building has been claimed as a hideout by a Tinker of some sort, and you're facing off against a suit of armor, eyes aglow, leveling some type of armament at you. As the sound grows higher in pitch, the intensity of the glow in the weapon's barrel increases to match it. Trigger."
"Your whirlwind romance with the hot, popular person is all ash in your mouth, now, poisoned by what you know. You got together, even moved in with them, and things were good for a while, until they started hurting you. Little nerve pinches, in just the right places, when you didn't do what they wanted. Incredibly painful when they did them, yet not leaving a mark. After taking it for months, late one Saturday, you realized you had to get out, fast, and started getting ready, planning to walk out on Monday when they were at work. Monday morning, packed bags in hand, you call your mom, planning on staying with her; when you get to her house, your significant other is there waiting for you, staring grimly in your direction. A half-dozen different horrors - betrayal, fear, phantom pain in anticipation, and more - duke it out in your mind, keeping you paralyzed for long enough for your SO to walk towards you, grabbing you by the wrist. ""We're going home."" Trigger."
"You come from a very disciplinarian household, to the point of being abusive, but it’s not necessarily easy to convince anyone of it. No bruises, no tearing, not much in the way of physical signs of abuse. The trick is that your family owns a roughly human-sized box - almost a coffin, really - and that, when your grades are too low, or you get in trouble in school, or they don’t like what you did today, they toss you in it, lock it, and leave you there for a few hours. It’s hot, confined, frightening, and you’ve just been tossed in it again. This time, though, you can dimly hear your family leave the house, maybe an hour into your being locked up. They don’t come back. They don’t come back long enough for you to piss yourself, to shit in there, to pass out from exhaustion, and wake up still trapped, terrified that they died and that you’re stuck here, that you’re going to die in here. Trigger."
"Your mother was a Tinker, with a specialty in biology: specifically, she would make minions, carefully crafted monsters. You were her magnum opus, the ultimate culmination of all her labors. Roughly human in biology and intellect, but with certain twists here and there, making you better suited to her purposes. She died unexpectedly, not from violence but from simple health issues, leaving you vulnerable and alone. You have no birth certificate or SSN, and without her, you have no identity in a deeper sense as well. In the weeks following her death, you trigger from the dawning realization that you are completely adrift, with nothing connecting you to the world around you, nor any purpose to give you direction."
"You remember exactly how you got into this. Smiles and invitations to be one of the cool kids, to prove your worth, to not be such a waste of space. Now you're running across rooftops away from sirens with cash stolen from a corner shop, your, ""friend,"" rapidly outpacing you. You come to a gap between buildings and hesitate, watching in disbelief as Callum hurls himself across the gap. He turns, ""come on you useless fuck, jump!"" his usually serene expression twisted. The feeling twists in your gut, that gnawing, nauseating feeling of fear. You attempt the jump, but your fear makes you clumsy, your fingertips tear off as they scrabble for futile purchase on the brick wall before the sickening lurch of falling overtakes your consciousness. 
Lying on the floor of the alley, leg crumpled backwards under you, you soak in the rain. Footsteps walking towards you fill you with dread, Callum's appearance briefly transfiguring it into hope. Wordless and without an expression on his face he stoops and take the money from your pocket before walking away.Trigger."
"You were a researcher’s assistant in the arctic, studying glacial flow patterns, when they suddenly took ill. They were flown out, and you stayed behind to keep track of things. But as a snowstorm hits, relief is delayed and communications go down, snowstorms piling snow as high as the top of the doorframe. Snowed in, with only the hum of a generator to keep you company, in one of the loneliest places on earth, you find the quiet and the lack of communication quickly getting to you. Sleep isn’t consistent without an actual sunrise and sunset, and you ration food, with hunger playing a factor in your mental decline. Fiddling around with the radios, you get a brief message. The next flight in is being delayed, they’re expecting snowstorms for another two weeks. Stay strong. You trigger."
"You family's got a business going back generations. You're not interested; you never liked it. But there's pressure on you, pressure that you can't avoid, being the only child. In time you'll be expected to take over, so you start saving up, using money from odd jobs, opening a bank account. Getting ready to get away, even as you grit your teeth and learn the ropes of the family business. One day, you're out getting that little extra bit of cash, and you get a call. Your father's in the hospital - heart attack. He passes away shortly thereafter. You're the heir to the family business, the rest of the family is ganging up on you to push you into a position you never wanted, your friends just as expectant that this is the way you'll go. Escape, now, would require cutting ties with everyone and everything you've ever known, you don't have the money, and you don't quite have the heart to just destroy what your family has built up over generations. Trigger."
"The city's full of dirty cops, and you've been working to investigate them. You've compiled evidence, interviewed some of the few honest cops, and you've got a lot of dirty laundry. Then it happens. Middle of the day, you at home in your house, going over your work. Cop cars surrounding your house. They know about your investigation, you know it, and your heart starts beating in your chest as you wonder what they plan. Soon enough, you're dragged out of your house by multiple officers, and one of the cops smugly explains that they're going to toss you in a mental institution where you'll spend the rest of your life. Trigger."
"You never wanted this stupid fucking marriage. You were young, things happened, and everybody pushed you into it. In your community, there's no such thing as an abortion, and you can't leave your kid as a bastard. Under pressure, not wanting to be thought ill of, you did it, hoping that you would grow into love with your new spouse. You didn't. What teenage infatuation there was faded into seething resentment, your spouse's voice becoming nails on a chalkboard to you. It's a slow, grinding process, as you come to hate everything about them and your child. You keep it all bottled up; the community you live in isn't exactly accepting of divorce, so you just pretend that everything's okay. Your one year anniversary slowly and inexorably nears. With it comes the realization that you'll be expected to do something romantic with the spouse you hate, which is followed shortly by the realization that you're never going to get out of this, and it is never going to get better, not unless you're willing to break ties with everyone in your entire life. Trigger."
"You thought you were so clever. The bar where you and the other working girls hung out was pretty notorious for being a place where deals went down. You kept an eye out, even made out with someone in a dark corner to be in the right place at the right time to see how it happened. Then, as the next big deal was due to go down, you ambushed one of the men in the bathroom, bashed their head in, and stole a duffel bag full of the stuff. Premium grade, supposedly uncut. Enough to do you for a long while. Except it was tainted, or it wasn’t what you thought it was. The high doesn’t seem to end, it gets worse, and you get hit with paranoia as bad as it gets, convinced the gang is coming after you. Running, fleeing, trying to get away, only to see figures in the shadows, lurking. Gotta get away, gotta go fast. You collapse as your legs give out, too exhausted to keep moving, and you crawl, knowing they’ll come, you’ve got to get away before they come. You trigger."
"You’re mixed race, and it doesn’t play well; a white father and a Sansei mother. The first-generation immigrants and refugees have a completely different cultural background, and take a dim view of your ethnic mix. There’s a feeling of alienation among the white kids, though it takes a different form: being mistaken for a foreigner, having difficulty getting girls. You act out, but it’s a secret from your parents, everyone at school. You hang with some Issei delinquents on the other side of town, drinking, smoking, doing drugs, the occasional act of petty theft or vandalism, miles away from home, while you tell your parents you’re at a friend’s “studying.” There’s a friendship and loyalty that grows, in the camaraderie of criminals. Your new friends actually think you’re pure blooded Japanese, and you tell them you’re Issei too, managing to fake it with what you've picked up over the years. Then it goes wrong. You get busted for public intoxication, along with your pals. Underage drinking, to boot. It’s going well enough, in the drunk tank, until your father comes to pick you up. You can see it coming, but there’s nothing you can do to stop it. “Who the fuck’s that?” One of your friends asks. “I’m his father,” your dad replies, his voice sharp, hard. Trigger as your house of cards collapses utterly."
"You were a con artist, and you milked a lot of old ladies out of their money. You were careful, though, not leaving enough of a paper trail to be followed. Your partner got picked up, though, and he squealed. Stupid. Really fucking stupid. You got grabbed a few days later, taken to the local police station to be booked. The same one as your partner, actually. You're told just how much he ratted on you with, and you know it's not bullshit to get you to confess. Enough specific details to be sure he really did squeal. As you're carted around the police station, you happen to see your partner, and you scream at him, hurling invectives, angry at his betrayal and his stupidity, and you can see it cuts at him. In a blind rage, your life in tatters, you trigger - and so does he."
"You're an informant, a narc, whatever. Something of the sort. Unfortunately, you don't cover your tracks well enough, and the people you squealed on manage to get their hands on you. Now you're in the rear of a van going over a hundred on the interstate, with the doors open. You're being suspended by the scruff of your neck as the asphalt peels out in front of you, screaming and blubbering incoherently in response to their questions, and then one man leans forward, pressing your hand into the road, and you screw your eyes shut as your fingers abrade off, flesh stripped away in a matter of seconds, bones torn from knuckles. You white out from the pain, partway through, jolted back to reality by your other hand being violently scraped off by the pavement - and then, feeling a pressure on your neck, you realize your face is the next to go."
"They said it was going to be the worst storm in decades, but they always said that. You’d be fine with a few sandbags and a shotgun to keep the looters away. You didn’t know they were right until the rain started pouring down, filling the streets up to your knees, then your waist, then higher still. You try to get out when you realize the truth, when the muddy water sweeps into your house and it starts to flood, but by then it's too late. You climb into your attic, desperately searching for a way out. There’s none. The rain pounds down above your head as the water wells up into the attic, lapping across the floor, submerging you more and more as the minutes tick by, your screams for help drowned out by the storm. You press yourself against the roof as the water rises to your neck. You choke on the last breath as the cramped attic fills to the brim and you dip beneath the floodwaters, your lungs screaming for air. Trigger."
"Crap. Shouldn't have had that last drink. There's no way your parents would be okay with you even going out (alcohol is a tool of the devil), but you caved, sneaking out with your pals. You know you're gonna be feeling rough in the morning, but at least there's no way your parents'll find out - if they even stay up past 7:30 pm they're being 'extravagant'. Or so you thought, until you sneak in the back door, and not only are your parents there, so is your aunt, your uncle, and Grandma Milly. You catch a moment of your mother's frantic, distraught cries to the police on the phone, right before they turn to you - You trigger as you see their expressions shift from fear and worry to outright fury."
"Your psycho ex has it out for you. Every new partner, every person you date, they send them a long list of smears, lies mixed with truth - even some photographs of wounds (self-inflicted, you assume) - and that's it for that relationship. You met a wonderful person at the bookstore, and they lived on the other side of town, so your ex didn't find out about them at first. You mostly talked and texted, with their busy schedule; finally, after a month, you managed to both find time, and went on a wonderful date with them. You kept talking and texting, had another date, then two. Got too cocky, perhaps, because your ex found out and sent them the same band of lies they'd sent to everyone else. You'd hoped they would believe you, that your connection would be enough, but their sobbing, betrayed tone of voice on the other end of the line, as they call you to break up with you, makes it clear that they didn't. A few minutes after that call ends, your phone rings, and you recognize the number - your ex, probably calling to taunt you or to demand that you take them back. Trigger.
"
"Years and years of preparation, schooling, scheming and schmoozing is all it took to land your competitive dream job. Well, almost land. You've survived a lengthy interview process, and it's down to just three people- but your friend on the inside tells you you're the frontrunner by a mile. You pack a bag and head to New York for the final interview, supremely confident- so confident you take a nap and miss your plane. Screaming and pleading with the woman at the desk, she tell you that there simply is no way you'll be able to make the interview. You know this no-show will lose you the job- Mr. Hardin hates unreliability. You trigger as she tells you to move out of line."
"You wake up naked, drenched in sweat and dizzy, the smell and taste of vomit burning in your nose. Trying to force yourself up, you realize that you might have overdone it with the party yesterday. Dizzily falling to the bed again, you turn around and see someone sleeping there. Touching their shoulder, you catch a glimpse at their face. You trigger as your parents rush into the room, screaming and raging at finding you naked in the same bed as your sibling. All that in their room, of all places, while the headache is growing worse."
"You enjoy being a lawyer quite a bit. Helping people through the legal system, thinking of arguments, the mental engagement, it's definitely your dream profession. There's just one teensy weensy little problem - you never passed the bar. You've got no license to practice law whatsoever, and that's a big nono. You get around it by operating in bumfuck nowhere towns, and moving often, because there's the other small problem of having never been to law school either. You win all your cases anyway, but that probably wouldn't make a whole lot of difference to the world at large. It's all fine and dandy, until a small no-name case blows into something huge, as your client goes off the deep end for an entirely unrelated manner, and next time your show up in court for it, state troopers are there to take you in as well - they finally decided to check your credentials, and found them wanting."
"Water drips from the ceiling, again. You have no idea where you are, but that damn drip has been your only ambience for quite some time. You've been locked in this room, beaten, tortured, and mutilated, for no reason that you can think of; Maybe they're doing this just for fun. What feels like years, but was probably just weeks ago, they forced you into their van, injected you with something. Since then, this room has been your life. Each day, they take another piece of you. A finger. A hand. Until there's not enough left of you to fight back, any more. Today, one of them comes in again, and tells you this will be your last conversation. They hold a gun up to your head, and ask you to confess your crime. You have no idea what you did, but looking down the barrel of a gun, stuck in this fucking torture room, less than half the person you used to be, you trigger."
"You were a twin, always pit against your sibling. Every social interaction was made out to be a victory on one side and a failing on the other. The grades you got were the same, as were the people you dated, the way you dressed, who grew taller first, who gained weight, who did the best in sports. Always a competition, always a matter of comparison between you and them. At a certain point, you rose above, you pushed beyond it, and fought to excel in hobbies, in work, and in school. Your sibling gave up, they seemed to fade as you grew. Until they killed themselves. You weren't sure how to feel. In a way, you killed them, you grew as they faded. In another way, you can finally breathe. The comparisons stopped. You were fine, you could breathe for the first time in your life. The mixed emotions left you in shock for the funeral service. Then, at the wake, you hear it. The comparisons. Your sibling was so nice, so kind, so good at heart... you feel it in your core. So long as you live, you will never measure up to the memory, and the thought triggers you."
"You've finally gotten your dream job, finally suffered through all the troubles and trials needed to get to where you've always meant to be. The six years leading up to it were arduous, to grossly underexaggerate, college, blackmail, backstabbing, sucking up, greasing the wheels, multiple instances of consecutive all-nighters - you've put yourself in debt, taking out loans for education and bribes alike, and you've neglected your health, unwilling to let such trivialities impede you in your unrelenting pursuit of the goal. Well. You've finally made it, and two months in, you realize that nothing's changed. You're still on the same path of unending drudgery, slowly being ground to dust by a system you've invested far too much in to escape. In the same situation as before, tearing yourself to pieces to move forward, save for the fact that you now lack a goal to impel you, unable to afford to cut your losses with all the debt you accrued, you realize you'll be stuck in this job until it breaks you - unless it already has. Trigger."
"You break into homes for a living. This one, maybe you shouldn't have. You got in, started rifling through the family jewelry, and then you heard the gunshot, felt the pain in your arm, as a spray of blood coated the wall in front of you. You were sure that nobody was home - you turn to look, and you see it, a shotgun, attached to some wires and other mechanisms. A fucking trap? Fuck this, you think, moving to leave, quickly exiting the gun's line of fire. As you get ready to leave, you notice several other guns, also attached to mechanisms, that you somehow managed to avoid setting off on the way in. You trigger as you realize you have no idea how to get out."
"The cops show up at your front door, heavily armed, PRT vans right there too, and they serve you an arrest warrant. As you're taken into custody, confused, they start reading you your rights. They've apparently gotten you confused for some local villain, and they're charging you with a laundry list of crimes. An M-Scan ""confirms"" that you have a corona pollentia, reassuring them that they've got their man, and they've got enough circumstantial evidence that they might actually be able to convict. As one of the cops practically screams in your face, demanding you just fucking confess already, you trigger."
"Your home life was awful. You parents are the worst kind of disciplinarians - you've got the scars, mental and physical, to prove it. That's why you ran away, only, you don't have the money to take care of yourself. You wind up in shelters, only a few changes of clothes to your name, and you can't manage to keep things together financially. It becomes increasingly clear that, unless you're willing to risk your life and health in unsavory ways, your only remaining option is to return to your home. You go to your family's house, your hand half-held up, ready to knock, your whole body almost shaking with anxiety as you imagine just what your punishment will be. Trigger."
"You'd heard the joke ""how many 8 year olds can you take on"" from one of your more sordid friends, but you didn't ever think it'd happen literally. Parahuman power? Whatever caused it, you were walking by the local playground on your way to the store when they swarmed you, excited - for your flesh. As a swarm of the little angels start to bite and dig in with fingernails, you thrash and panic, but they've got weight of numbers, and as you go down, you realize, despite the horrific method of your death, you're probably going to end up as a gag headline somewhere. Trigger."
"You always liked the local cape scene. Your spouse wasn't really into your hobby, and while you were the stay-home kind of person, they kept going to work, often very long, leaving you alone before they came back exhausted. Your marriage was still fresh, though, and they made sure to never let you feel left out. You were watching the news, waiting for them to come home before starting dinner, and see that one of the heroes has arrived at the hospital with the media all over the place. Only a few minutes later the message comes out, the cape is dead. Your phone rings half an hour later, as you were preparing the table, and you pick up. ""Hello,"" a man says, and introduces himself as a PRT official. ""I am calling about your spouse..."" - It seems that they kept a secret from you. And piece after piece falls into place. The cape that died, it was them, and they lied to you. You didn't realize they lied to you, and now they're dead, risking their life for the people of this city, and couldn't even have told you with their dying breath. Trigger."
"A parahuman who can turn into a whirlwind of death killed your spouse... or at least, that's what you thought. They disappeared at the right time and in the right place, and a lot of people were killed by that monster, still more missing. You're surprised when, a week later, your spouse stumbles up to your front door, looking haggard and wounded. You let them in, happy, worried, and they stumble onto the couch. They explain that they triggered and got a power they couldn't really control, turning them into a monster. But they've got it under control now, they think, so they came back to you. It's then that you take a glance out the window, and see PRT vans pulling up. You're already panicking, whispering to your beloved that the cops are here, and you can watch as their hands fragment into ash and they inexorably - and involuntarily - shift states. Trapped between two impossible options and afraid for your life, you trigger."
"You're the son of a CEO of a powerful company, and since birth you were expected to take up your father's reins. Expectations were layered on you constantly, building up and up and up- there had to be a breaking point. But that wasn't your trigger.
You ran away, lived with friends, moved from city to city, living only on the money you could make from less-than-legal sources. And for a long time, you were happy. You were living free, even if you didn't have the greatest standard of living. But the past caught up to you. Your father had hired freaking /capes/ to come and find you, to bring you back - and as you hovered there, held painfully in the crushing grip of a telekinetic, facing the prospect of returning to a life you dreaded, a life of constant responsibility, expectations, and obligations - you trigger."
"Being stuck in solitary confinement for months will do horrible things to a person. In your case, it's anxiety; a mixture of constant unease and insomnia, punctuated by apexes of intense panic. You've lost track of how many anxiety attacks you've had in here - dozens or hundreds, you couldn't really say - and another one comes on when you hear a noise in the hall like something being dropped. Possibilities varying from the mundanely awful to the completely bizarre run through your brain. You start hyperventilating, your chest pounding, and you struggle to breathe. All the factors come together to push you to trigger, your brain shutting off for a moment, but nothing's solved by it, and you trigger again as confusion and panic hit you even harder in the immediate aftermath. 1.5 trigger events."
"You always knew there was something rotten in your little brother. Something wrong with him. Then he killed three people. No real reason, as far as the cops could tell - he just likes hurting people. They don't catch him, he kills again, and the net starts to tighten around you. He's hiding out somewhere, and of all people, you ought to be the one to know - but you don't. Your parents long dead, you having been your little brother's guardian for the better part of a decade, you're a ready made scapegoat for the police and the rest of the locals, in equal measures blamed for his behavior and accused of shielding him somehow. Then you get the letter, finding it slid under your door during the night. ""Miss me?"" It's written in your brother's handwriting. Your hands shake as you read it, and you break down sobbing in your kitchen, not knowing what to do. Trigger."
"“Prodigy” was the teacher said to your parents after two weeks of violin lessons. From a very young age, you’ve displayed an inherent talent for music that well exceeded other instrumentalists of your age, and eclipsed those of older students as well. Perfect pitch, muscle coordination, sharp memory, you’ve had it all from the get go of your musical career. 
Not a single day in your life has been without some reference to music. Grueling practice hours, master classes with world-renown virtuosos, and orchestra rehearsals have come to dominate your life. And while you wish your parents would back off, you still made it work. You managed to graduate with dozens of offers for free rides from universities all over the country. 
The drunk asshole driving sixty in a thirty five zone changed that for you. You were horribly mangled in the accident, and the doctors had no choice but to amputate. The shock of waking up and holding a stump to your face was only the tip of the iceberg. One by one, your scholarships disappear, the product of fourteen years and countless hours gone down the drain. 
Alone in a dark hospital room, completely helpless on your own, the straw that pushes you over the edge is overhearing your parents talk about selling your instrument now that it doesn't have any value. Trigger. 
"
"It happened so fast. The drugs used to make you happy. Your brother was a dealer, you got the stuff cheap. Bad day at school? No problem. Girls laughing at you? Who cares! Your brother had the answer. You looked forward to seeing him.
Then, he started asking for more sexual stuff. You were hooked, you didn't have much choice anymore; You needed the drugs to stay afloat, above the guilt and shame. The price just kept rising, and you just kept sinking, lower and lower...
At least nobody knew about it. Or so you thought. It starts with a look, a giggle, and a sneer of disgust. People you pal around with start looking at you funny. Someone calls you a brotherfucker.
You go back home, and you realize that you still need the drugs to keep going. No matter the depths you'd sink to, begging them off the brother who defiled you and told everyone. Paying any perverted price he sets.
You're still a coward. You're fucked, in every sense of the word. Your life is ruined, and in ten minutes you won't even care. Trigger.

"
"Your parents homeschooled you, but you never really fit in with the other homeschoolers. Sure, your family are pretty devout, but you're an only child amongst families of ten and twelve children at the homeschool co-ops. What's more, you aren't in quite the right denomination, your family doesn't follow the right homeschooling leaders, and more. All the little things make you stand out. You thought that was bad, but then your parents agree they can't teach you everything you need to know. You get enrolled in public school. This is no Mean Girls, and you're no Cadi Herron. Most people pay you no attention; a few mock your clothes, the way you talk, but to most people you might as well not exist. Until one student, older than you, takes you under her wing. She always seems to have time for you, sits with you at lunch, takes you shopping. You're never going to be popular at school, but under her guidance you're blossoming into someone other people...well, talk to. Your parents though, they're worried - you're dressing differently since you started going to 'that school', you're talking back to them, and now you've even started swearing. They forbid you absolutely to spend time with your one friend. Caught between your parents, the only constant in your life, and your one and only friend, the choice is impossible. Trigger."
"Every time you swallow, you can feel the collar wrapped around your neck press tighter against your throat. Daphne tried to fiddle with hers, and it blew up, shredding her throat and leaving her to die drowning in her own blood. You're not going to try fiddling with it, you're just going to keep working and doing what your 'masters' say. The cops will come. They have to come. That's what you think, until you and the others are loaded into a shipping container. You know what it means. They're taking you out of the country. You're just going to disappear, forever, into some dark corner of the world, with no hope of rescue. You trigger as you feel the crane grab the container, the shift in gravity telling you just how inescapable your situation is."
"You've gotten more and more exhausted, lately. Twelve hours a night asleep, feel exhausted all day, sometimes a mid-day nap of a couple hours too, on the weekends. It's been costing you at your job, and you don't know why it's happening. Caffeine only halfway helps, shoving that twelve hours of sleep around, this way and that. There's a big presentation coming up, and you know you're going to fuck it up, given just how exhausted you feel, but you can't pass it up. In front of your bosses, you try to run through your presentation, but you can't help but yawn, feeling like garbage. It all comes to a head when you actually fall asleep - just for a couple seconds - in the middle of the presentation, losing your balance and almost falling down. Everyone's glaring daggers at you, as you struggle to regain your balance. You trigger as you struggle to remember where you were in your presentation."
"You thought it was just innocent fun. A one night stand, and a fun one at that. S/He seemed decent enough, and you never really liked condoms anyway. A month later, a knock at the door, a police officer. The man had been arrested for purposefully spreading HIV to multiple partners. S/He was even audacious enough to keep up a blog about it, full of pictures, s/he didn't even bother to use fake names! You kick the police officer out, distraught. Betrayed and upset, you get tested the next day. Now you're holding the results in your hands. Lost in the possibilities, your hopes and fears all hinging on this letter, you trigger before you can even open it."
"You're a gambler, and it's put you in an awful place financially, but this is your best shot. You know your favorite team is going to nail this one, you're going to sweep up the winnings and escape all your debts. You show up personally, to cheer them on, and then, early in the game, the star player for your team falls the wrong way. Paramedics come onto the field - his neck is broken. You instantly know your team is going to lose the game, and you're about to be driven even deeper into an inescapable mire of debt. You trigger, and so does the player."
"You actually don't remember the event itself. You woke up in the hospital, feeling like absolute crap, confused and panicking. When you calmed down, it was your mother-in-law who told you in a tearful tone that your spouse was dead. The two of you were attacked, violently - you fell into a coma for four days, they died. You apparently suffered mild brain damage, because you don't remember anything about the attack itself. Somebody mentioned something about a video of it, and you couldn't help yourself. You managed to sneak a smartphone out of somebody's purse; later that night, you turn it on, finding the video online. Apparently one of them was recording you, and made some edits - blurring their faces, distorting their voices - before putting it up on the web. You watch the video again and again, watching as they mock you and your beloved, as they beat the two of you into death and a coma. After something like the dozenth replay of the video, you finally trigger."
"Your friends bet you a significant amount of money to drink a liter/quart of soy sauce within a good 20 minutes. You, never really bothering to look up the symptoms of sodium overdose, took the bet. At first chug, you managed to down a good portion of it, and only slowed down after the taste was getting to you. You wanted to vomit, but pulled through, since vomiting rendered the deal void, and you didn't want to lose the money. 5 minutes before the time limit, you finished the last drop in the bottle, and everyone cheered for you. Unfortunately, the overdose took full effect around that time, making you incredibly dizzy, with a whooping headache. You try to stand up, but your legs give way and you end up banging your head on the floor and making the headache even worse. As you feel your heart beating so fast it's painful, you notice that your friends aren't trying to help or even call an ambulance, instead just staring at you in shock. You trigger in pain and confusion as you slip into unconsciousness."
"P.T.S.D., it rules your life. You weren't the same when you got back from your tour of duty in the military, but that could be seen by anyone clear as day. What made it really obvious is when someone dropped a pot at a family cookout and you almost strangled your brother to death. You got counseling, your family supported you through it, and you swore you would never freak out that way again. Even when that mugger caught you and your brother in that alleyway, even as he was shouting at you, spit flying out of his mouth, you remember your counseling. That's why you find yourself unable to take action as he stabs your brother in the gut. Then turns to you and does the same while you stand frozen. You recover from the wound after intensive care. Then the physician comes in to say that your brother didn't make it. You trigger knowing that if you had gone all out you could have saved him."
"An accident left you temporarily paralyzed from the neck down. The doctors say it's recoverable, but for the moment, there's nothing you can do but lie in your hospital bed and talk with family. You're watching television when you hear it - a crack like fireworks going off, a scream. More cracks, slowly approaching you. Your heart pounds in your ears, possibilities running through your mind, but you can't move or do anything. Then the footsteps come to your door, and a figure shoves it open, a gun in hand. As he levels it in your direction, knowing there's literally nothing you can do but scream fruitlessly, you trigger."
"You work a simple desk job, and it's not as easy as people would think. Because of what the people you work for do, sometimes you get angry people coming in, yelling and screaming and making threats, as though that'll get them what they want. A guy walks up to your desk, looking calm, and he tosses something at you that you scramble to catch, then he just walks away. You look at the device in your hands and realize it's an IED, and you're reasonably certain it's about to go off. Trigger."
"You and your spouse were kidnapped. Apparently they were in pretty deep debt with a local gang, and didn't bother to tell you anything about it. You're taken to some quiet secret parking lot and blindfolded. You hear the sound of a gun firing, your spouse's body hitting dirt. Rather than what you expect to come next, though, you're knocked onto your side by a sudden, strong force. Your blindfold is knocked off enough for you to see, and you see some kind of humanoid figure wearing armor made of material that looks like something between bone and metal, cleaving gang members in two as they try in vain to shoot it to death. It's your spouse, you realize. Bullets ricochet and ping off their armor, again and again, and you start to hope that maybe, just maybe, the two of you will make it out alive. Then there's a sudden squelching noise, a spray of blood out of your spouse's head, and they fall over backwards, not moving. ""Fucking clean this mess up,"" the boss says, gesturing to both you and your spouse's inert body. Trigger."
"There's a quiet pride to a job well done. But there's just as much joy in the doing, in carving your victims into pieces as they scream fruitlessly for help. Your latest victim is laid out carefully, tightly taped and tied to the table, and then you get a call. You leave the room, letting him scream his lungs out, and take it. When you get back - he isn't on the table. You look hurriedly around for him, and that's when he tackles you, clocking your head on the wall and sending you to the ground in a haze. You trigger in agony as he slams a knife - one of *your* knives - into your gut."
"It's too much, everything is too much. Every day you're that little bit more miserable, slowly ground down by the reality around you, and you just can't take it any more. You clamber into your bathtub, turn on the water, and dig a razor blade into the flesh of your forearms. As your life starts to seep away, though, you suddenly come to the realization that your life is not quite that bad, not so harsh as to be inescapable, that all your problems are solvable. You stumble out of the bathtub, blood dripping out of you still, and you lose your balance, hitting the floor. You try to drag yourself towards your phone, but it's too far, and you're too weak from blood loss. Trigger."
"Your kidnapper hasn't spoken a word to you, in the days you've been stuck here, handcuffed to the bed. He just watches you, still and silent, no matter what you say. He gives you food and water, then sits back, staring at you with cold, calculating eyes. Finally, one day you wake up and find him missing. You call out, trying to determine if he's actually gone, and when there's no response... you start trying to worm your way out of the handcuffs. You don't know if they're coming back or not, and you don't care, you need to get out, now. You scream, you struggle, you cry, and all it does is give you a hoarse throat and bleeding wrists. As you work against your bondage, blood splattering your face in the process, hours pass. Finally exhausted, you collapse on the mattress. You wake up an indeterminate amount of time later, finding your handcuffs replaced with a new, immaculate pair, your kidnapper right back where he was. Trigger."
"It's this damn modern culture. You just want to wait for marriage - is that so terrible? Apparently. Every person you go out with, every SO you have, it ends after a few months, at most, when it becomes clear that you really mean it when you say you won't put out. You meet someone, they're absolutely wonderful, sweet, kind, perfect, and when they start to make moves... suggestions... you don't want them to leave you like all the rest. You know you'll never meet anyone better. The morning after you lose your virginity, you wake up to find them missing. You feel dirty, disgusting, as if you betrayed yourself (because you did), your brain struggling to decide whether the person you loved just got up to do something quickly or if they just fucking left you here like a spoiled piece of meat. Trigger."
"Your spouse is a hero. You pushed them, harder and harder, to put the hours in. Helped them block out other parts of their life to fill it up with this. No matter how successful they got, you never stopped pushing, knowing they'd get sluggish and lose their stride the moment you let up. You yell at them when they come home early, withhold affection when they don't do what they're supposed to, isolate and control them to make them become the best hero they can be. They finally snap after a long day of heroism that was an hour too short, getting torn into by you the moment they arrived home. Inhuman strength and a single backhanded slap sent you careening into a wall in your home, and you can't feel anything below your neck. Trigger."
"You and your friend were low income workers, getting paid per job, whenever there was one. Your income wasn't technically legal, but you never thought you'd get picked up for it. Then one day a patrol car comes down to where you're set up waiting for a job, the officers seem suspicious. Your friend gets a little mouthy when he's cuffed, and they don't take kindly to that - one pulls out his gun and pistol-whips across the face. But they don't stop there; he starts kicking the shit out of your friend, whilst his partner holds you back. You see blood flies, and your friend screams, and you finally break free to pull them apart - a shot rings out, and you look down to see blood pouring out of a hole in your chest. Trigger."
"It started with you going online during a sleepover with your school friends. Anonymous, no face shown, flashing people and running an ongoing auction so that your audience could bid on the things they wanted you and your friends to do. You and your friends split the cash, but the online transaction left a trail, and one of the perverts who were watching sent you an email. They listed your contacts on social media, your mom, your dad, your -school-, and showed you some of the video they'd recorded, where you let a glimpse of your face appear. Do as they say, and they won't send the video out to everyone you know. They tell you if you try to get them arrested, a dead man's switch will ensure the video goes live. They send you a list of instructions - stuff that involves more videos, giving them even more ammo. Your friend's boyfriend gets hit by a car, dying, and the blackmailer goes utterly silent. Faced with a deadline you can't hope to meet, vividly imagining the disappointment and humiliation that will affect every last part of your life, you trigger."
"Your parents are force-feeding you water as punishment for some misdeed, real or imagined. What they don't realize - and for that matter, neither do you - is that this is potentially lethal: water intoxication can cause death. Your head starts to spin, you feel nauseous, your vision becomes blurred, and you're having trouble breathing. Your parents don't care, just shoving another water bottle in your mouth and forcing you to chug it. You trigger when you start having a seizure."
"You triggered while traveling, the first time going more than ten miles outside of your city, let alone traveling outside of your home country. You met Jorge at the airport, and he and his friends took you and your older brother under their wings, showing you the sights. But things took a bit of a darker turn. The place you went to drink at the end of the night brought the bill, and it was astronomical. The equivalent of sixty dollars for a drink, and you had a few. When you and your brother don't have the money to pay, they call the police... who you can almost immediately tell aren't police at all, but enforcers in this scam of theirs. You get taken to an ATM, and they demand you take out as much money as you can. It's implied they'll keep you for a while and milk you for your daily limit for a few days before they get rid of you... but as you punch in the PIN number, the ATM refuses you. You try a few more times, and the card is locked. You try another card, but taking out a large amount in a foreign country looks fraudulent to that bank too, and they refuse, which is cause for Jorge and the police to start beating your brother. As your fumbling attempts to get one of your cards to provide money fail, several of them grab you by the hair, drag you back, and, frustrated at having wasted the evening setting you up, ready their police batons to smash your teeth in."
"You're in love with a guy in another gang. Deeply, incredibly in love, the strongest you've ever felt. The problem is that there's a guy in *this* gang who seems to think you should be his. When he finds out about your late night rendezvous, he doesn't take it well. Held at gunpoint and pinned by some of his buddies, he chops off one of your toes, ""so that you'll remember him every time you take a step."" He warns you that it'll be worse if he hears about you messing around with your boyfriend again. It's ironic, because right now all you want to do is curl up with your boyfriend and cry. Terrified, maimed, and *still* being held down by his buddies, you trigger."
"You're on the run. You fucked up, bad, pissed some powerful people off, and they're going to make an example of you - they'll kill you and make a show of it. Every day's another agonizing one of anxiety, bouncing from city to city, the cash you took slowly dwindling. Once or twice, they've gotten close - you've heard about people asking around for you, showing your photograph, and had to pick up and move again. It's exhausting, psychologically and physically, to be chased for weeks. You can't tell people, you don't have any help, it's just you and them, and millions of warm bodies for you to try to hide between. You trigger when you spot one of them step into the restaurant you're eating at."
"You got some money from your grandmother, so you decided to chill out, travel downtown, grab a burger and catch a movie. You never would have thought that this evening would dismantle your life. See, your twin bought booze with the money they got, and they went to a party. At the party, they assaulted a handicapped girl three years their/your junior. In the wake of the event, the blame is being leveled at ~you~. Your twin gave your name to people at the party, adopted your mannerisms, and now friends have turned against you, family is threatening to send you off to live with your uncle... if the police don't wind up arresting you. In a last, desperate attempt to try to salvage your reputation, you ask for a lie detector test, with you and your sibling being tested. But lie detectors are unreliable, they measure stress, and you're both stressed. You know you're failing, the stress ratchets up, and you trigger. Unbeknownst to you, your sibling is in the next room being tested as well, and catches an echo of your trigger event. Same DNA. You get the same powers."
"Your daddy's the coolest person in the whole wide world! He can just stop being one place, and then, whoosh! He's someplace else! It's super cool, but you're not allowed to talk about it, except with daddy's friends, who all own guns and really like to smoke. You think it's stinky, but you still like them. You're on your way to school when somebody calls your name from a car, saying they're your daddy's friend. You stop to chat, and then one of them gets out of the car and grabs you, puts a bag over your head, ties your hands behind your back, and tosses you in the trunk. You don't think these people are your daddy's friends at all! You kick and scream but you can't get out, and you're scared you'll never get out. Trigger."
"It wasn't supposed to be like this! You and three of your friends were supposed to go camping for a few days, nothing more! What happened instead was right out of some book; your car malfunctioned, and when you all got out of it to try and fix it, it suddenly decided to start again. Unfortunately, it was still malfunctioning, only instead of shutting down, it began rolling down the cliff falling over it with all your supplies in it. Since then, you and your friends had tried to get out of this godforsaken forest, but with little in the way of food and no real survival knowledge, it was no surprise that one of you eventually ate something you shouldn't. The consequences for this lack of knowledge are clear to you, as you despondently stare at the grave of your best friend. The headstone is no more than a large piece of bark with name and dates cut into it with a knife one of your other friends happened to have in their backpack. As tears fall down your cheeks, you curse the decision to take this trip. You run a hand over the 'headstone', and collapse entirely on the freshly dug grave. As you choke back a sob, you grimly realize that you and your remaining friends are never going to go home. Trigger.
"
"You triggered at the local pool. You and your brother wound up in the deep end, and you both panicked, realizing you couldn't really swim, worried you'd drown. To keep yourself above water, you shove him under, using him to buoy yourself up. He does the same to you, and you trade like that, you forced under the surface of the water, then him, and back again. You're certain you're going to drown, and from your angle you can see the lifeguard, just sitting at his post, not even paying attention, but you can't get air long enough to scream, in the two of you's panicked fighting to live. Trigger."
"You're just a low-level thug in a cape gang, pushing drugs and pimping on occasion. It pays well, but the higher-ups are making a push for more power, influence, assets. They go fucking nuts, hitting pawn shops, jewelry stores, escalating - until the local heroes confront them on one of their jobs, with backup from a full complement of PRT squaddies. You get involved with the shootout, but it's completely one-sided. Your gang gets crushed, and as you shout for mercy, one of the PRT agents coats you in foam. It hardens rapidly, stuck in your mouth, horrible and acrid. Your mouth is forced open, saliva pooling, you can't spit and you can hardly swallow. What's worse, though, is when they spray the solvent on you. It makes its way past the foam into your mouth, dissolving a small amount as it passes, and it starts collecting at the back of your mouth. You retch and gag, but more and more liquid starts to pool, coughing and thrashing impotently, still trapped in the foam. Waterboarded by a mixture of dissolved containment foam and solvent, you trigger."
"It started happening about the time your partner left you, they probably gave you something. Itchy, uncomfortable little warts growing on your skin. They started on your hands, unbearable in a way that only itching things can be. Scratching and doctors alike did nothing to ease the feeling. Eventually you found blessed relief. Pain, though awful, was somehow more bearable and wholesome than that fucking itching wrongness. Using needles and tweezers and small sharp knives you pried them out of you one by one. Weeks and months go by and they keep on coming back. When a picture of your partner comes up on your social media feed looking as happy and carefree and pretty as ever you decided to get rid of your infestation once and for all. Laying the itching hand on the tabletop you carve and rend and maim until you trigger with tears run down your screaming face."
"Acne comes with being a teenager, they said. It'll clear up in a few years. But you can't wait that long. Years of being called pizza face, of being disgusting, when you want nothing more than a relationship. You steal some money from your parents' wallet and you buy some special products. Black market, since it's usually prescription. You put on one product, and it helps, but it leaves your skin dry. You switch to one of the others, and it leaves your skin oily but acne free. In a fit of brilliant stupidity, you mix the two while in the shower, hoping to strike a happy medium. You smear them over your face, chest, and back where the acne is worst. There's a chemical reaction, and it starts to burn. The water runs down over you until you find the faculties and sense to shut it off, because it's spreading the chemical down your body and into crevices. It gets worse by the second, beads of blood appearing at your pores, with other areas already turning blue-black as skin dies. You trigger."
"Your older brother was a parahuman, a Shaker who created a field of warped space that heated up people who moved within it, causing increasing pain until they stopped. He was a Ward, then a Protectorate hero. You looked up to him, saw him as perfect. You took up martial arts, studied law and criminology, modeled yourself after him even in everyday affairs, mimicking his little word choices, trying your best to be as much like him as it was possible to be. Then it happened; you were watching the local news, and the story came up. He'd been caught working with one of the local gangs, passing them info in exchange for money, drugs, and a few rounds with some of their girls. There's even video of it, caught on camera as he takes cash and white baggies from some scumbag or other. You realize all that effort spent trying to be like him was wasted, and just how pathetic your mewling hero worship really was. Just how pathetic *you* really are. You trigger as you watch him walked into the back of a PRT van, hands cuffed together."
"Your mother abused you. Financial abuse, mostly. She had you working from the moment she could put you to task, first with family friends who paid her directly, then by having you get a job and claiming all of your paycheques. There were other forms of abuse, tearing you down, making you wear certain clothes, hitting you, being unpredictable and making you dread every interaction... but it was the money thing that kept you trapped. You intentionally sabotaged yourself, found a job that earned tips, and pocketed a share of the tips, hiding the bills in your underwear to keep her from finding it, and then hiding it in your room, which she found, twice. You finally earned enough to slip away, catch a bus, and get an apartment. You bought a retired racehorse, rented a house, and life was good. Until she found you. You refused all contact, all demands that you repay her for the cost of raising you, and summarily came home to find your horse gone and your house ablaze. The horse sold and turned to glue and meat for money, the house burned to hide that she'd looted it. Rather than fight the court case, you fled, cut all contact, did everything short of changing your name. As she finds you again and the shrill voice comes over the answering machine, the notes on the door, you make plans to run, to flee, knowing that it will likely amount to nothing, she will keep finding you, and she will always take what you have."
"Back in highschool, you were a drinker, and looking back, you know you were an alcoholic. Your 'rock bottom' was when you got blackout drunk and got in a fight with your friends, hospitalizing one. You went to court, got community service, and had to attend meetings. It was the talk of your high school for a long while. Now with a six year chip in your pocket, you still want to drink every day, but you hold off. Someone out there, however, doesn't want you to put the past behind you. A package arrived on your doorstep. You opened it, and found a bottle of whiskey, your favorite. It took willpower, but you emptied it into the garden, then discarded the bottle in the recycling bin. A strange situation, but not a problem. Until you got home from work and found the second package, this one with a note. 'Every day you come home, you'll have a drink waiting for you.' This isn't an isolated incident - it's a campaign, and you know it's one that's going to break you, or catch you on a bad day and ruin you. You trigger."
"You hadn't been at the school for long. You were the new kid, joining halfway through the year, and everyone was already divided up into unique little cliques. When one group seemed to be making moves towards accepting you, you were overjoyed. Then they told you about their initiation. ""Walk over the grate on the old well,"" seemed simple and easy enough, but then you see the thing: A rusted, dented, wide square, easy to fall through. Nervous but determined, you decide to go ahead with it - cautiously inching your way over the grate. Then the first stone flies. You turn to see the whole group clutching rocks, ready to wing them at you. Realizing the whole ordeal was just an excuse to bully the new kid, you stare at them in horror - only to receive a fist-sized stone to the face, knocking you off-balance and sending you tumbling through the grate, dislocating an arm in the process. Horrified, in agony, and plunging to immense pain or death, you trigger."
"You had a good thing going. Your older sister worked at the front desk fo the hospital, dealing with insurance companies. When patients came in, she would keep an eye out for the ones with really nice insurance. The ones who would be in the hospital for a while. She would get their address, verify nobody lived there, and pass the information to you. You and your two assholes for hire would then break into the house, loot it relatively worry-free, and scarper. This one, this deal, it was a good one. Some rich old guy that had been in the paper a number of times. His house? A mansion. No alarm system. You break in, your 'team' coming with, and you start searching the house. But then one of your underlings seizes up abruptly and dies, convulsing and grunting as his spittle froths at his lips. The other one makes a run for it, only to die as well, stepping on the wrong section of floor. You get closer, and see that it is metal colored to look like wood, and it smells like ozone. There's a security system after all. Whole sections of the house have a live current running through them. Unsure of where to step or what to touch as you look to leave the area, very aware that anything you touch or anywhere you move could end you. Already, you're panicking, the two bodies are sure to lead back to you and see you thrown in prison... but what pushes you over the edge is the realization that when the second of the useless fuckheads followed you into the hallway, they let the door close behind them. Your only way out is through, and the place is the electrical equivalent of a minefield. You trigger."
"Your life partner was a wonderful person. Same-sex marriage wasn't legal in your state, but you lived together, in spite of their family's opinions on the matter. Then the accident happened, and they suffered severe brain damage. Bad enough to get them declared legally incompetent, but not quite so bad that you couldn't still see the love and affection in their eyes, that you couldn't hear their slurred 'I love you's directed to you. Unfortunately, their family never approved, and they're their legal guardians, now. They cut you off completely from contact, and as you struggle desperately to fix it, to get back in contact with your beloved, you become increasingly aware that you won't get to see them for years, if ever, legally. Trigger."
"You voluntarily committed yourself some time ago. Something's missing in you, the switch or wall that other people have in their heads that helps them distinguish fantasy from reality. The brake that makes other people go 'stop, that's too far'. You get obsessed, sometimes, to the point that you see whatever you're obsessing about everywhere. You're an artistic soul, and you make enough to pay for your stay in a nice mental health facility. In the past three years, you've constructed a world for yourself. When you dream, you have an interesting if abstract job. You have live in luxury, with a home, a family, everything is perfect, and nothing bothers you. When you're awake, life is a touch less bright, but it's peaceful, and you immerse yourself in your world, painting your family and your home. It is, to you, a perfect existence, controlled with a mild dose of medication to keep you level. But the drugs change, and you know within hours of taking the dose. The old drug has been replaced with a no-name brand, and it's stronger. You cease dreaming, you lose the clarity of the illusion you've wrapped around yourself like a warm blanket. A life without problems. You beg to go back on the old medication, but the company closed; there are no other options. As weeks and months pass, the drugs continue to erode at the beautiful dream. Time drags on and the paintings you've filled your room with become mockeries. You stop taking the medication, and you cease being as level and collected as you were. You become unhinged, and still the dreams do not return. The switch was flicked. You trigger."
"You tried to mug somebody with a knife. It turned out really poorly for you. They held back the knife with one hand and jammed their fingers into your eyeball, making you gag and retch, the pain and disorientation incredible, before reaching in and just popping the damn thing out. As you struggle to keep your balance through everything, wondering if doctors can put the eye back in, you trigger."
"Things haven't been good with your spouse, lately. They got fired, their mom passed on, and they've slipped into a malaise that doesn't seem to end. You know it's not their fault, so you try to support them. You get home one day, calling for them, and when they don't answer, you go looking for them. You find them in the bedroom, caressing a firearm, and you know - you just know - that they're going to try to kill themselves. On autopilot, you rush them, trying to grab the gun from their hand, and they start to struggle against you, trying to pull it away, to point it at themselves. Terrified, in tears, begging them not to do it, you trigger."
"You met someone, someone decent and kind, and you came to feel affection for them, wound up getting married. They were more into the sex than you, but hey, that's normal, different people have different sex drives, right? Maybe it's not, you realize now. After a couple years of marriage, building a life together, you meet someone else. Being with them is electric - it feels like you're on fire, almost, burning with desire that was always subdued or absent in lovemaking with your spouse. The difference is that the new person you met is the same sex as you. You're gay, you realize, far far too late. You do care about your spouse, but not in that way. You don't want to hurt them - and you know it will, if they find out - but lying to them about this isn't easy, or kind, or right. It tears you up inside. You lie awake one night, staring at their sleeping body, your mouth struggling but failing to form the words, trying to admit the truth to them. Trigger."
"A monster. That's the only word for it - it's a person, but it's a monster. Skittering across the walls and ceiling, coating this warehouse in some strange, viscous material that covers the windows and the doors, blotting out sound and keeping you trapped. It's obssessed, and it's taken you, the object of its obsession, here. The food is the unappetizing, prepackaged kind, and it doesn't trust you with so much as a kitchen knife, so you're eating soup and fruit out of cans, along with the occasional biscuit. It tries to be nice, sweet, some odd alien purr to its voice, but you hate it. You've begged it to let you go, tried to escape yourself, but it's smart, it's good at what it does, and you can't get free. One day, weeks into your ordeal, its sticky, slimy fingers grasp your shoulders, then your chin, forcing you to look at it. It presses its equally sticky snout up against you, its long, alien tongue trying to worm its way past your lips. It's trying to kiss you, you realize in horror and disgust. Trigger."
"The gangs in your home town went too far. A fight between one gang and the cops sees your family dead. Adrift, something in you snaps, and you start to study the gang's leader, stalking him. Normally, he's never alone, but everyone has their vice... his is the massage parlor. You come in on him while he's getting a massage, waving the masseuse off him with a gun, then firing six shots into his backside. He dies, and it's ash in your mouth. Your family avenged; your life over. The cops or the gangs will end your story. The masseuse stares in horror up at you, her eyes on your gun. A witness. As you consider whether you should turn the gun on her or yourself, you trigger."
"You knew your dad was messing around with a girl half his age, who was probably only interested in him because of his money. Then he got killed. It turns out he was a villain, a Breaker who split into three complementary forms, and all three were destroyed in a single blow. His savings - hundreds of thousands of dollars, earned from years as a villain - fell into your hands. The problem is that his old girlfriend knew who he was - he told her, apparently, wanting to impress her - and she knew you'd inherited his money. She started blackmailing you, threatening to sell you out to the same guys who'd killed him, and she isn't letting go easy. She bled you dry, and when the money ran out, she didn't believe you. She confronts you outside your house. ""I need the money, bitch. If you won't pay, I *will* tell them. Don't think I won't."" Trigger."
"You spent your entire life working up to this moment, an opportunity to go to space. It's been so long since the last launch that you were worried that your entire life was going to work up to sitting at a desk teaching aeronautics. Of course, there's a chance an Endbringer could take offense, but this is your dream dammit! It's a standard satellite repair repair mission, but to you it's the first great expedition of your life. The launch goes swimmingly and your shuttle makes it to the satellite with ease, it's the repair where it starts to go wrong. As you attempt an EVA, right off the bat your tools always subtly drift away, forcing you to constantly keep an eye on them. This is odd, but there's nothing to worry about you reason. The next EVA to finish it up brings you farther than you expected when another breach is detected on the far side. Suddenly your oxygen is cut off and you find yourself floating away from your shuttle, looking back a sharp piece of debris has sheared away your tether. As your breaths become shallow, both from oxygen deprivation and fear of death, you trigger.
"
"You thought you found the perfect partner. You've relied on crutches and a wheelchair to get around, depending on your energy level, for most of your life, and it always seemed like a hurdle that would scare away any romantic interest. But you improved yourself, took classes, got as fit as you were able, and someone took notice. Determined, sweet, cute, funny, adventurous, they hit all the right notes. You got married, maybe younger than you should've, you bought a house and moved in, and then it all went wrong. Living out in the country, happy to use your handi-capable vehicle to get into town, you found out they'd sold your vehicle. It trapped you in the house. They started deciding what clothes you wore, what you ate, when you had sex. They took away phone and internet access. They cuffed your hands behind your back, started feeding you, bathing you. They tailored your clothing so they could dress you without ever taking the cuffs off. Your screams and pleas were met with blank stares and condescension. You were a doll, a prop in their lives. When the muscle cramps started, suggesting your muscles were atrophying after weeks of being unable to use your arms, you made a break for it, crawling out of the house like a worm the moment they fell asleep. The walk into town might have normally taken fifteen minutes to half an hour. For you, with limited use of your legs and your arms still bound behind you, it must have taken four or five hours. The edge of the town is in sight, the first buildings in earshot, when the car pulls up next to you. It's them. You roll off the side of the road and into a ditch, into frigid mud and gravel, where you can barely keep your face above the puddle-level water, in your vain struggles to get away. You trigger."
"Everyone falls into a certain group or clique when they start going to college -- yours just happened to be the campus's collective of party animals. You won their camaraderie and later their respect for your willingness to experiment, throw yourself into new situations. Within months your reputation and stock in the group rose, always accepting new substances to abuse proffered by others. When you tried hallucinogens recreationally, LSD and mushrooms, after the fact, you found a fundamental part of yourself changed. A different personality, an ugly, hollow feeling inside, and a seemingly unshakable fixation on the flaws and imperfections of others. You can’t stand people anymore, it seems, hyperaware of their faults and ugliness, and the knowledge destroys your social life. None of the people you used to party with are even a semblance of bearable, and you drop off the map, cloistering yourself away during the first few weeks as your former friends barrage you with invitations to hang out. You do your research, checking online, and it seems as if it’s an occasional side effect of hallucinogen abuse. You trigger, realizing that you’ve ruined your own brain, and much of your life with it."
"There was a man who often came round to your house. Your mom told you he was a doctor, here to deliver her medicine. You never thought that was quite the truth - they always spent such a long time alone together, and locked you in your room whenever he came round. You hated that. One day, it took longer than usual. You weren't sure whether they forgot you were in there, that you couldn't get out, but you were stuck in your room for hours. The pressure in your stomach built up, and the pain became excruciating - you had to relieve yourself in your bedroom, shitting in one corner. It was still hours as the stench filled up the room, making you nauseous, woozy. Eventually you hear an exclamation - ""What the fuck is that smell?"" - and the man enters your room, immediately seeing the turd in the corner. Furious, he slams you against the wall. ""You think it's funny, to shit in your own room? You like shit so much, you try it!"" He rubs your face in the leavings, and as the disgusting stuff fills your nose and mouth, the grip on your neck agonizing, you trigger."
"The first time was last week. Splat, something wet and sticky hit the back of your neck in class. You slapped it off the back of your neck and it stuck to your hand. A used condom. You fell out of your chair, in your hurry to get away from it, and in your shock and disgust, you were surrounded by cries of disgust and mocking jeers. The teacher turned red in the face, and that only made it worse, because it drew attention, and word spread. Before you knew who the original culprits were, others were starting to do it, and they picked you as the target. Condoms were jammed into the slot in your locker, sometimes with real spunk inside, sometimes with soap or something suitably spunk-like. Sometimes they were made to look bloody, other times they were made to look shitty, literally. In the washroom, you saw the scrawl that started the whole thing. '[Your mother] is a whore'. They found out. Viciously targeted, you fought back, and somehow, you found yourself as one against the collected body of the rest of your peers. Helpless, disgusted, you find yourself cornered. You wince and fall as one slaps you right across the eyes, then falls to the floor. You look up, and you see a crowd of boys with their weapons, spinning condoms like a sling or holding home-made condom-shooting devices. You trigger before they unleash the ranged barrage."
"You're sick of your family - and that's fair, every teenager goes through that phase. But it resonates a little more strongly within you, and you decide to take matters into your own hands, delivering an ultimatum to either attend a boarding school your next year of high school or drop out. Your grades aren't bad, good enough in fact to get you into a maths and sciences oriented school four hours away from home. The first few months, you relish your freedom, your new friends, the novelty of a new environment - and you hate to admit it, but you're slipping. Little things, at first, reminders that you're unable to live on your own. Not showering for weeks on end because you hate the gross, filthy public showers. Forgetting to brush your teeth, their condition worsening from all the candies and sweets you're buying, now that you're purchasing your own groceries. And what really damns you is the coursework. Skipping classes to stay in the dorm and play video games, shoot the shit with your new buddies - initially a lapse committed out of boredom, gradually becomes a habit, racking up disciplinary infractions for unexcused absences. Your grades fall below the minimum requirement and you don't even notice, up until the counselor pulls you into her office at the end of the semester and tells you you're being expelled. It takes awhile to process the ramifications, but when you do, you realize that worse than discarding all the friendships you've made over the past several months is the fact that you delivered an ultimatum to your parents - implicitly saying you'd be better off without them - and failed miserably. Trigger."
"Your mother has always been protective of you around heavy machinery, since your dad died on a construction site when you were very little. She would hold you close to her until the school bus came to a complete stop, and she would clutch your hand so hard on elevators it would hurt. It was a little extreme, but you understand why she smothered you so much. Your freshman year of college, you're hanging out with friends, watching Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom for the first time. You see the villain get crushed on a conveyor belt, and it suddenly brings back memories of your dad, leg caught under the steamroller. Extremely vivid memories you didn't know you had. You feel an enclosing pressure all over your body as you realize: you were there. Trigger."
"You worked so hard to get here, a prestigious school. You got the grades, you studied until you thought you'd lose your mind. Then you finally earned admission. You're surrounded by others of your caliber, suddenly a small fish in a very crowded pond, and it starts to eat at you. It starts with stomach cramps. Two teeth crack because you're grinding them so viciously, awake and in your sleep. The study drugs aren't helping, amping you up, making your heart race, but they let you function without sleep. Then you start shitting blood. You're destroying your body in your desperate attempt to make headway. Weeks into this miserable exercise, you stare at your paper - a C-, graded on the bell curve. Something in you snaps, and you double down on the drugs, hoping they either give you the fuel to keep going or kill you. As you stare at the screen, seeing you're only writing gibberish, and your stomach starts cramping like a giant has wrapped his hand around your guts and is twisting, you trigger."
"Living with your family is hell; your mom is distant, constantly supporting herself with unhealthy friends and habits while belittling the rest of the family, your dad constantly comes home drunk and abuses you, and your brother is a lazy layabout that stinks the whole house up with pot while you're stuck to clean up his various messes. Not to mention the terrible feuds that the parents get into on an almost-daily basis. But at least you can refuge in your studies, and you find ways to stay away from home for longer and longer periods. Tensions start to rise noticeably during the short times that you are at home, but you figure it's better that you can finally get some time to yourself. Then one day you open the door on a late night, and hear a familiar sound. Entering the kitchen, you see a horrific sight. You see your mom on the ground cut, bruised and bleeding in various places. You see your brother similarly bruised and scratched, your dad holding him up by the collar. And you see your dad in the midst of beating your brother with his bare hands. He turns towards you, drops your brother, and yells, ""Where the fuck have you been?!"" Trigger."
"You fell in love with them when you both were in second grade. The feelings blossomed around middle school. You became a part of their circle of friends, you pushed yourself to be better, and you had crippling, devastating failures when you slipped up, made a fool of yourself as anyone in middle school does. Those little mistakes and embarrassments held you back from confessing and asking them out. Over the summer after graduating from middle school, you work for your uncle, you get a tan and get some muscle, and you get counsel from your uncle on how to approach her. Your uncle says you need to do it the next time you see it, or it'll only be harder the next time. So you commit. You go to school and you see her sitting on a lunch table out behind the school. She's sitting with the heavy drug users, making out with the worst of them all. She's ruined, and you're left reeling, regretting that you hadn't reached out to her earlier, regretting what could have been."
"Your older sibling was always a fuckup. Couldn't keep a relationship going more than a month, money problems, the works. You, on the other hand, were the together one, with good grades, a good SO, and all the prospects in the world. You let them stay over in your apartment for a few weeks, trying to convince them to put their life together, and that's when you found out they were a parahuman, a Changer who could change their appearance trivially. Some time later, you take off a summer from college, hitchhiking across Europe to find yourself, and when you get back... well, things aren't good. Everyone's angry at you, your bank account's empty, your SO won't answer your calls, and based on everything you can put together, there's only one conclusion: your older sibling stole your face and wrecked your life while you were gone, probably not even on purpose. Trigger."
"You were always a nosy little prat. You spied on Mommy and Daddy, your brothers, your classmates. You keep a little notebook with everyone's secrets, including your own. Every day during lunch, you'd scurry to your locker to write down the newest dirt. One day, someone pops your locker door when you aren't looking. By the time you get to school, the photocopies are all over the walls - And they're signed with your name. Trigger."
"The game was Opera of the Void. It was mostly for peasant shlubs, easymoders, who did the exploring and social shit. But there was a hardcore OotV community, and you were one of the top players. Third most popular game in two Earths, with two Earths worth of players, and you were number fifty-six in Hardcore. You went Jarhead in a way that others dreamed of. Cybernetic body, huge potential for upgrades. Human brain contained within? Huge potential for skill growth. You capped both, and you were head and shoulders above the rest. The game was your life, your career, your everything. Positive others were going to track you down and kill you because of your ranking, you smuggled yourself from place to place, while hunting the higher-ranked. In hardcore, all you got was one life. One day, sick with a cold, you get on and get bored on the small planet you'd found yourself on. You smuggle yourself off-planet, and in the midst of it, suffering for your cold and lack of sleep, you don't cover all of the bases. You see the volley of torpedoes and long-ranged shots coming toward your ship, and you feel horror as real as if it was you who was being targeted. You trigger."
"Your SO was controlling. What you wore, what you said, what you thought, they wanted to control every last bit of it. It was smothering - you felt like you couldn't breathe under the pressure. So you broke things off, cut contact. You run in the same circles, and they've managed to dress it up as some sob story. Everyone around you is now pressuring you back into a relationship with them, and no matter how you try to explain it, nobody listens. Unable to bear the constant pressure, trapped by your social group, you finally, sulkily, go back to them. As they put one possessive hand on your shoulder, you trigger."
"They found Charlie, his spine broken in three places, his eyes staring at nothing. A few days later, Mark was dead too. All you fucking do is deal to junkies and protect some working girls, but apparently some psycho has decided you need to get taken out. You want to get out, but you don't really have the means, so you're sitting, tense as fuck, day after day, watching the girls work, handing out drugs to the junkies, your hand constantly pawing at your weapon. One sleepless night, you hear scrabbling at your door, and as you reach for your gun, you find it missing. Trigger."
"You remember each visceral detail, the moment the car crashed you thought you were already dead. You woke up later in the hospital, only a concussion and a broken arm, and you met the love of your life in that nurse who roused you from your sleep. It was a dream come true, a few months later you were married, and then a year after that your first child was on the way. You felt so happy when your first daughter was born, and even moreso when you had a son two years later. Each day was sweet: your family game nights, coming home from your job every day to the kids’ smiling faces, going to bed next to the one you loved most. Then you start to notice the cracks, nothing seemed to move as slowly as it should, and what’s your daughter’s name again? You wake up in the hospital hooked up to an IV, and a nurse runs to get a doctor. He then tells you that you’ve been in a coma ever since that accident; one year to them, the ten happiest years of your life to you. You trigger as you realize you can’t even remember your childrens’ smiling faces anymore, your former reality ripped from you forever."
"You're dying. It's been a reality for half your life, and things have finally reached the point where you're feeling your mortality. You need a kidney, and while you waited, you gave up hours of your life every day to have your blood filtered of toxins. Then you hear - a second cousin who attends the same school you do is a good match. You reached out, asking for help, and they agreed, but they asked you to wait a few months for the summer break, to give them a chance to wrap up their university classes and think things over. That was a year and a half ago. Since then, they've manipulated and blackmailed you, fucked with you, milked you of cash, all while dangling the organ out of arm's reach. The time you spend every day hooked up to the dialysis machine gradually increases, your overall health wanes, your vision getting worse, and there's nothing to do in those times but stew, simmering with loathing and hatred that accumulates over time. The breaking point comes when you talk to your cousin, and they casually mention they have a friend they want you to fuck. You don't have to, of course, but... and you know. You can't walk away without consigning yourself to death, and you can't ever get your organ, because your cousin will never give up this power they hold over you. You trigger."
"You're walking back from a date party, you and your date still pleasantly drunk. Who knows, maybe you'll - There's a screech, a scream of metal, as a pickup truck tries to overtake another car in the street, hitting them instead. The driver of the truck loses control, and it's happening fast, too fast, as the end of the truck comes whipping towards you. You're in the street - there's blood everywhere - people screaming - you're on the pavement? - why is there so much blood - you see your date being loaded up - where are they taking you - ambulance, this is an ambulance. It all fades to black, and you wake up in a sterile room. You're lucky, the doctors tell you, your partner cushioned the blow. A couple of broken ribs. They don't mention what happened to him, avoid the subject for a few more minutes, but they tell you when pressed. He didn't make it. Too much blood loss. They pulled the plug this morning. You trigger."
"Your big brother is kind of a jerk, and he has been, for most of your life. Hogging the TV, being rude, not playing with you even when you ask - you put up with this for years. Now you're in middle school, a little more world-wise (so you'd like to think) and you figure you can get him back for all the crap he's put you through. You call the cops on him, after figuring out he's been toking on the reg, and sure enough, the boys in blue come on over and throw your big bro into the slammer. It's good, at first, more peace and solitude, but the demeanor of your parents noticeably shifts, growing more and more distant. Bad parenting? They talk amongst themselves when they think you aren't listening, and the conversations invariably get heated. When your parents raise the idea of a divorce, you know that it was your actions that led to this. Combined with the growing weight of responsibility you feel for your brother's incarceration, dreading the day when he returns, you trigger."
"Visiting the country out on your cousins' farm, you tell a joke that they do not care for. You find yourself hogtied, dumped in the pig pen, and left. As you try to free yourself, you are jostled by the largest pig, and wind up with your face down in the mud. With some frantic struggling, you manage to turn your head to the side and clear an airway. Then it starts to rain. Then you start to drown in the puddle your head is stuck in. Then you realize you are dying. Then you trigger."
"It's a fairly simple trick. Your SO and fellow magician gets in the box, tied up, and is suspended ten feet in the air. Then water starts to pour in and they escape their bonds, and the box itself, to rousing applause. Only this time, they aren't getting out. They're lying, motionless, at the bottom of the box, and you scurry to try to save them, getting the crowbar you keep for just this occasion, climbing as quick as you can on top and trying to pry the lid off. As you do, the crowbar just snaps in half (""Made in Thailand,"" some part of you thinks), the hook toppling off the box to the ground. In a panic, you strain to open it with your bare hands, but you can't get the grip you need. Trigger."
"You were going places. An athlete in high school with a scholarship on the way, one of the best in the state in your age group. Maybe the country. Your parents are kind of falling on hard times, though. Struggling to feed you and your siblings. You get a part-time job to help with the bills, but that cuts into your practice time and takes off your edge. A friend of yours lets you in on a sweet deal. If you join one of the big gangs in the area as a toady, you'll make mass money quick. It's really not your thing, but you feel backed into a corner and accept. It works just like he'd said and all of your problems start to disappear. All you have to do is keep watch during some meetups and deals, and they line your pockets with enough money to feed your family for weeks. Two weeks later, everything shatters. Something goes wrong at a meetup, and you're left there holding the gun. Five dead men surround you. They were paying you so well because you're the intended scapegoat. One of the policemen recognizes you as he slaps on the cuffs, and you trigger as you realize your career and life goals have all been shattered. No one will ever cheer the name of a murderer."
"You want friends. You really do. But when you talk to people, your brain runs itself in circles, fucking you up with paranoia and stress. You can't just ""be yourself,"" because ""yourself"" is a neurotic mess in any conversation with someone outside your immediate family. You stew on it, disgust at your own patheticness welling up inside you along with the crushing loneliness, until you finally trigger."
"You've figured it out. The people who run the government, who run the *world*, they do it right out of that building there. You watch it, day and night, a long, silent vigil, taking notes on who goes where and does what. Days and weeks of staking out the building start to add up, but no matter how hard you try, you can't quite work out who's really running the show. It could be any of them, from what you can see. You think you're on the verge - it's just a matter of who comes in during the night today. You struggle to stay conscious, but your body is no longer nearly so cooperative as it was when you first started, junk food and sleep deprivation taking their toll. You pass out as the sun goes down, and by the time you wake up, you've missed your window. You fucked up, and who knows how long you'll have to wait for another opportunity to present itself? Your frustration reaches an apex, and you trigger."
"You're into cars. Mean, slick ones, with roaring engines and lots of chrome. So you beg, and you plead, and you hound your parents, and they eventually aquiesce: for your 16th birthday, you get your dream car. With some stipulations, of course. Much to the suprise of everyone involved, you stick to them. You stay under the speed limit, you stay off your phone. Not a single accident or ticket. What they don't know is that you get it all out of your system on the weekend. There's a spot on the south side of town, where all the people with similarly slick cars meet up and race. You sneak out most weekends and race, doing pretty well for yourself. The prizes are in cash, so you get to upgrade your sweet ride, spread a little bit of the wealth amongst your friends, your parents none the wiser. The guys running it seemed more than a little shady, if you were being honest with yourself, but you were just there to race, so what was the harm? This line of thought keeps you sneaking out to the track every weekend for more than a month, until you come home one day from school. Both of your parents are there, waiting along with the police, a warrant in hand. Turns out the guys in charge were more than just a little shady - drug trafficking and money laundering is the least of it. There's also this other thing called ""conspiracy"" - they're hauling everyone in, you included. The cop pats you down and starts cuffing you, but the only thing you can see is him pulling out the keys and putting them in an evidence bag. ""Won't be getting these back for a while,"" he quips. You trigger."
"The plan was for you to put the bomb at a key point in the building, then escape before it went off and made the whole building come down on everyone inside. You must've fucked up the timer, because it goes off way too soon. As the building collapses to rubble, your leg gets pulverized and ripped apart by falling stones. You're in agony, your ruined limb keeping you from escaping the scene of the crime. You trigger along with one of your victims, who is trapped inside and having a claustrophobic attack."
"Rock climbing is your thing. Free climbs, up treacherous hillsides with unstable faces, nothing but your skill and your equipment protecting you from mother nature avenging herself of your hubris. It's extraordinarily dangerous, of course, but you love it. You're tackling a particularly difficult climb, when it finally happens. You'd been told the cliff-side was too soft for safety equipment, and they were right. A handhold crumbles in your grasp and you plummet downwards, their brief resistance and your helmet turning what would be a lethal fall into merely a very, very painful one. When you come to, you've got a broken arm, your leg is painfully twisted aside, pinned in some crevice at the bottom of an even bigger crevice. Faced with a slow and miserable death by exposure, literally trapped between a rock and a hard place, you trigger."
"You knew dating a gang leader was a bad idea, and dangerous besides, but hey, they're sweet, and don't look half bad. Well, all your fears and trepidations come to pass one day as you're on your way to your car, snatched in the parking lot and jabbed in the side by a taser, your vision fading to black before you have the chance to panic fully. When you come to, you're lying prone in the rear of a van, a man with a bandana covering his lower face, decorated with uneven, serrated fangs. He's on the phone, and the fabric over his mouth does little to mask his tone of sadistic glee. ""Quiz time! Question number one. We've got a special guest on our show tonight. Hint! She soooounds a little like –"" he taps your exposed thigh with his forefinger, and you feel it -shatter- at the touch, your scream echoing in the cramped interior of the van. ""Well, you get the point. Question two! Whaddaya think is gonna happen to our lovely guest if you don't show up in time? He lays his index and middle finger almost gently on your clavicle, and you flinch. As the timer ticks down, he recites the seconds as they pass, savoring each passing minute with unbridled delight. Finally, you have a minute left, then seconds. ""Oh, it looks like they're not coming,"" the masked man says, mock pity in his voice. Trigger."
"College hazing. End of a long week of head games and bullshit, you get drunk with the rest of the fraternity. But there's a final task: you're taken to the basement, made to strip, and given tweezers. The head of the frat dumps a box of rainbow sprinkles on the floor, telling you you're supposed to sort it by color. Groan-worthy, especially when you're drunk off your ass, but when your group finds the light switch, it's a strobe light. Your cries of being epileptic are dismissed as another head-game, you're called a mole for the frat, believed to be a final obstacle by people who are so drunk they can barely stand. Your blind struggles to reach and turn off the light switch are stopped by the others, the light flashes against your closed eyelids, and the pattern is making your brain hot, your personal tell for when a grand-mal is coming on. Probably more than the one. It's going to fuck your brain up, maybe permanently. And, you know, trigger you."
"You wear turtlenecks to school, because your arms are covered in cigarette burns. Your mother's a smoker, and a drinker, and when you piss her off... well, she's fairly consistent in the kinds of punishments she metes out. When you get home one day, trying to tiptoe to your room, she corners you, drunk as she ever was. From her babbling, you get the impression Dad's been having an affair - you can't blame him - and then she presses you up against the wall. ""You forgot to do the dishes last night,"" she intones, and takes the lit cigarette she's been smoking, pressing it slowly towards your eye. Trigger."
"You stand at one end of the room. Your ex stands at the other. You watch the baggie rise and fall as she taps the counter with it. Two years ago, you decided you had to get clean, and you left them, you moved out, found work where you wouldn't be spending all day with other users (kitchens are hives of addiction) and earned full custody of your kids, while your ex kept on using. You flinch each time the bag rises and falls. They want you back. They want to go back to the good old days, they say. It gets harder and harder to tell yourself that you can't. The silence stretches on. You know you're going to cave. Your ex and that tiny dime baggie are little different from someone with a gun pointed at you, and their next word or the next flirtatious movement of that baggie will destroy your life as sure as the pull of any trigger. Apropos, as you trigger in terror."
"You were kidnapped, held by some psychotic stalker. You don't think you'd ever even spoken to them, before, but they blathered about how you were theirs as they kept you chained up in their basement. They scarred you, physically, long work with a hot poker to slowly and irrevocably etch their name into your skin. You couldn't have said how long it was, with the lack of sun. When the cops found you, you were taken to a hospital, where you convalesced. The scars never healed fully, leaving their name written on your skin, mocking you every time you looked in the mirror. Disgust at your own body wells inside you as weeks turn into months, until you finally trigger."
"You always struggled to be taken seriously. Being short didn't help. You smiled when your friends gave you a cute nickname, and grew to hate it when it stuck. Your family was well-to-do enough that people could make jokes, but not so well off that it earned any respect. As you approached graduation and your parents offered you a trip anywhere in the world, you saw an opportunity. You asked to go to Africa, to help with a volunteer organization. People said it was dangerous, that there were warlords, and people were sold into slavery. But you persisted. They said you'd cry and come home early, and, stubbornly, you took the money, and you bought both the tickets, non-refundable, so you were forced to commit. You -would- see this through. But as you arrived, you found that the staff was a skeleton crew, and too busy to use you. Then you got malaria, and became a liability. Left gaunt and aching, you drank the wrong water, and within a week you had worms falling out of your asshole when you used the latrines. You walked barefoot in the mud, and later found warts on your feet. Later still, it turned out the warts were eggs, and they started hatching. You got the disease created by a warlord that had passed through a year ago, then the bugs that infested your bed. In abject misery, with a month still on the clock, you've aged ten years in a summer, everything you eat, drink, or touch seems to infect or infest you. Paralyzed, useless, and terrified to touch or do anything in this strange, horrible volunteer camp, you trigger."
"As far back as you can remember, you've always wanted to be a hero. You looked up to them. Hell, you had their faces on your underwear. When your mother died, they're what inspired you to keep on trucking. Heroes have to be strong even if they cry sometimes. You and your father are out shopping when you see a crowd fleeing from a main street. You feel your breath catch in your throat. A cape fight. You start rushing over before you can stop yourself. Your father tries to urge you to leave, but the hero fighting is one that's featured prominently on the posters in your room. A once in a lifetime chance to see them in action that you just can't pass up. You get too enraptured in the fight and too reckless with your own safety; the villain grabs you and holds a gun up to your head, threatening to blow you away unless the hero lets him go. Your hero freezes up in the moment, and it's your father that tries to run in for the rescue, only to be shot and crumple to the ground. Your hero starts to hyperventilate and blames you for this whole mess, charging up his power to blast the both of you rather than meet his demands, or let him escape. Trigger."
"Your family went on vacation, a nice chance to relax after an exhausting year. It was a pretty fun time, spending time with everyone and sightseeing in an exotic place. But after your flight home, as you're heading through the baggage pickup you hear panicked shouting and a bag on the other side of the conveyer explodes violently, throwing you back. Lying on the ground, feeling warmth and something wet spread across your stomach and chest, you trigger alongside three other victims caught in the blast."
"Your family has always been white trash, caught up in petty crime. You met the detective after your parents beat you, and she was the one who gave you a coke and talked to you while you were swaddled in a blanket, sitting in the police station. She kept tabs on you over the years, trying to guide you toward better things. But when you live in a place like you lived, get raised the way you're raised, and the schools don't even care to try, well, that life has an inexorable pull. You became a delinquent, and the detective went easy on you. You became a legit criminal with a gang of hoodlums, and she was still soft. But when things escalate, a home robbery goes bad and a pregnant woman got very badly hurt after being shoved out of the way by your buddy, you find yourself in a cell, faced with the detective. She wants you to testify against your buddy. You apologize but hold firm, make it clear that you can't do that. In these circles, it gets you killed, or worse. She pushes, she really wants this, and it's personal on some level, but you refuse. In the end, though, you get six months, and your buddy gets three years, thanks to the victim's testimony. As you get marched off, with a cold look in her eye, she says goodbye, and she drops the bomb, calling you by your childhood pet name. Something only your closest friends and family would know. Your buddy, in cuffs, twists around, staring at you. You crossed the detective after everything she'd done for you, and she just stamped you with the narc label. The entire prison is going to turn on you. Trigger."
"You were out hiking by yourself, a spur-of-the-moment (ie stupid) jaunt, when you slipped, your expensive hiking boots providing no help. Arm broken and leg caught between rocks, you've been staring up at the large rock hanging precariously over you for the last hour. With every movement, the rocks around you shift, and you're sure it will fall before you can free yourself or find help. Trigger as the boulder finally starts moving toward you."
"You were just a kid when mom triggered. It wasn’t a secret. It couldn’t be a secret. She wasn’t one of those monstrous capes, but she was different and any stranger on the street could see she wasn’t quite human anymore. Your dad, you barely remember him. He was gone, well, it must have been a few months, but it feels like he left seconds after she changed. All of your brothers, one by one, decided it was too hard to live in a house with a known cape. Just you and your little sister stayed with her, even after she lost her job and was left to choose between taking the Protectorate’s offer or taking up one of the other offers she’d gotten. You got used to it. She was your mom, and you weren’t afraid of her.

A couple of months back, your sister got sick. Real sick. Last week, she died. She had cancerous tumors all over her body, each one a different cancer. The protectorate healer who’d been promising to check out your sister finally had the time to check you out, with your mom sitting nearby. You know you’ll be fine, physically, now that he’s here. Only, what he says is, “I’ve done everything I can, but this is beyond me. You’ve got… Months if you’re lucky.” Your mother, the look in her eyes... Trigger."
"You were slated to die. Cancer. The popular girl in class knit you a hat to cover your shaved head. There were events and mentions of you during school things. You got to make a wish and meet the local team of superheroes. You made peace with your fate, used it to find a kind of inhuman, impossible courage where, frail and ugly, you still managed to approach the people you were most attracted to and flirt. You took risks. Then you got better. Your hair grew back in, curly. Your courage dissipated. Some people even act disappointed or upset, as if you betrayed them, but that isn't the point. No, it's more about you. You're horribly disappointed in yourself that you couldn't follow through, even though you didn't really have a choice in the matter. You wanted to end on a high note, going out in a burst of glory as the cancer kid in tenth grade. Now you're just ordinary. Looking in the mirror, almost missing the hollow-eyed, puffy-cheeked sick version of yourself from yesteryear, you trigger."
"You had just passed the bar when you got the news. Your parents were dead. Killed by some multiple murderer. His defense had told a sob story to the jury, he'd gotten life in prison instead of what he deserved, escaped, and your parents paid the price for it. You drop your current job prospects, previously involving big business and high salaries, and instead join the DA's office as a prosecutor. It's not too long before the media starts labeling you: ""Hang 'em High"", ""Long Arm of the Law"". And for good reason, too: you take nearly every single death penalty case that crosses your desk, and you get your man almost every time. You're no idiot, of course. You have foolproof evidence. DNA, backed up by lab tests and scientific reports. One day, you walk into the office, only to find everyone gathered around the TV in the break room. They all turn and stare at you as you approach. Big scandal, as far as you can tell...with the lab that does the testing for your office. Fake reports, shoddy oversight. Bad results. Bad evidence. You dimly hear your briefcase hit the ground, papers scattering everywhere, as the implications sink in. You've sent at least a dozen men to the chair based on their say-so. Trigger."
"It began as a slight crush, one that you occasionally think about as you see them across the classroom. Nothing too serious. But when you let slip to your friends, they tell your crush. Suddenly they’re the most clingy person you’ve ever known, and they’re so awkward too, it’s almost painful. They do their best to stay near you at all times. When you eventually tell them how you feel, no longer infatuated, they avoid you for a bit. After that point every so often you feel eyes on you, when you’re all alone, sometimes in the darkness of your own home at night. You have your suspicions, and when you confront them on it small statues rise out of the ground, moving to cover you and envelop you under their weight. The stalker begins talking about you fondly as they pin you down, talking about how even if you don’t think you love them, you do. When you tell them you don’t, their eyes look deranged. A single sentence echoes amongst the tiny figures. “You will.” Trigger."
"Summer camp. You and the others from your cabin went out walking, because there was fuck all to do, making fun of each other, shoving each other around. You were top dog, with the hardest-biting insults, you were the strongest. The looks they gave you when you just trounced them, so good! Maybe the confidence was part of what went awry, later. Because you found a broken up rock in a crevice, and the sun was shining on it. It must have been warm, because snakes were swarming all over the thing. You stood closest to the edge because you were bravest. You mocked the members of the group who were most afraid. Then you turned your head to look closer, and someone kicked you. You tipped over, sprawled, and fell into the crevice. You squashed snakes and snakes bit you, en masse. Wedged in, stuck, helpless, you feel teeth sink into you, rock bite against your chest and back, and only barely manage to contort to look up at the others. One reaches as if they'll help, then stops. As if by silent agreement, they step back, and they run. The snakes bite, you reflexively pull away, and they bite again. Dozens of them. You trigger."
"You were supposed to be under anaesthetic for the surgery, but apparently it didn't fully kick in. You're unable to move as the doctors slowly cut you open, but you're mentally screaming in agony at every caress of the scalpel. Trigger."
"When you were a teenager you got up to some weird stuff on the internet, namely, you drew a lot of weird porn and shared it with a community of other people that drew exceptionally weird porn on a popular fetish site. You don’t know why you spent much of your high school years participating in that scene, but you do know that you’ve moved on and it’s now just an embarrassing side note in your personal history that you never thought would be brought up again. That is, until you were tracked down. As you walk through your college dorm’s hall bright and early in the morning many years later, you notice that one of the more disturbing drawings you did (Featuring a well-known cape.) is taped to the wall, signed with your name. You quickly tear it down, but you notice that there are more of the sheets elsewhere in the hall, seemingly everywhere. As you hear other people waking up and getting ready to go about their days, you attempt to remove them all as fast as you can. As you frantically tear them down, you realize that even if you get them all down in time, the person doing this to you is likely going to make your secret known sooner or later no matter what. You trigger when you notice someone looking at one of the pictures in disgust."
"You had been only a PRT operative, a greenhorn, but that didn’t matter to this guy. He thought if he made you keep reliving your routine in a dream with his freakish abilities, you’d give up the password. He was wrong, you kept to the Master Protocols even though there was no alert, you had just learned them and wanted to memorize them. After so many loops of that you lost count, the freak decided he needed to break you. The hallucinations shift to him grasping your head, each recent moment in time overlapping with the next in a dreamlike state. The mental stress is too much and as your screams echo in your head, reality falls away. Trigger."
"In some places, sensory deprivation is used therapeutically; however, that's not where you are. The maniacs keeping you there aren't terribly sympathetic about your condition after several months of hour-long deprivation followed by sudden and excruciating exposure. Half-deaf, half-blind, half-insane, you wonder how long you'll be able to continue on like this. In the midst of your pondering, you realize the room around you is shaking as you lay shackled in a bathtub, thick cotton stuffed in your ears. The realization hits you like a truck, along with the double trigger of your morbid musing and ominous observations."
"You are working as a dish cleaner at a local restaurant. The job is terrible and nobody at your workplace respects you. Unfortunately, you’re the type of person that just takes it, becoming the entire staff’s drudge as you do more than just clean the dishes; you handle pretty much all the worst jobs nobody else wants to do. After closing one night, one of the other employees accidently spills a gallon of sauce in the walk-in freezer. Because it’s time for everyone else to go home and the place is closing for the next few days due to a holiday, your boss tells you to stay late and clean it up. While you’re mopping up the sauce, the chair you were using to prop open the heavy freezer door skids out of the way and the door slams, trapping you there. Without even a jacket, you are forced to simply wait and freeze. You trigger as the skin starts peeling from your fingertips, black and hard."
"Times were tight before your significant other lost their dream job. After that they were downright horrid. You scraped by, month after month, sliding deeper into debt. Everything would have been okay if they had managed to get another job, but application after application and email after email came back, rejecting them. After the first couple of months, they stopped applying, sinking into depression. Some days they didn’t even get out of bed, when they did they were barely more than a robot, blankly going through the motions. None of your encouragement makes a difference as you watch them waste away, all while working yourself to the bone.
That is until one day, when they get out bed with a spring in their step. They’re lively and animated, a far cry from the shadow they’d been for the last few months. You head off to work, hopeful for the first time in ages. Even the parking-lot traffic on the freeway can’t get you down. Until you spot a familiar figure on the edge of an overpass. You scream in panic as they step up onto the ledge and your recognize your other half, before leaping into the open air with a smile on their face, before plummeting towards the sea of cars below. Trigger."
"A strange email alluded to private things between you and your partner. It weirded you out, and it weirded you out more when your partner acted squirrely about it. You did some digging on their computer, and what you found was a website. You knew your partner had a submissive side to them. What you discovered, however, was that your entire relationship, they haven't been making any of the calls. When and what sexts to send you, what to wear, what to do on dates, how and what decisions to make on a personalized present they gave you, the night you did anal. There are scripts for what to say on dates. Crowdsourced decision making, and to help them make the right calls, your partner's dished all the details on how you eat, sleep, talk, fuck, what you wear. People have been speculating on who you are, some quite creepy, and it looks like the team of people running the site (there's a team!?) are trying and failing to stay on top of it. You hear the key in the door. You meet your partner, and you see them smile, as they always have. This time, however, you hear them speak the words to greet you, and you feel horror mixed with violation as you hear not her voice, but the tens of thousands of detached internet users speaking through them."
"You’ve always been a bit paranoid, but that moment you found the camera in your closet, no bigger than a dime, you got scared. It had merely been a stroke of luck, a magnet you were using to clean up tacks had picked it up. Then over time you kept finding more of them in less open places, with more weird lenses on them. This went on for months, you have no clue what you did to piss off this apparently genius peeping tom, but every day there were more of those cameras. It became a course of habit to just carry the magnet and swipe it everywhere. Then you found your own cat, dead on the doorstep and a note. It said that if you kept doing that, the stalker would come get you himself. The next night you stayed with a friend and called the police, but when you came back to your house, it never felt safe. Tucking into bed for the night after a clean sweep, the sound of the door creaking open sets your eyes wide open in terror. They made good on their promise. Trigger."
"You had a pretty sweet deal going. After all, being the mayor's kid comes with a lot of perks. Everyone wanted to be your friend and the teachers tended to ease up on you, not wanting to make a bad impression on your mother. Unfortunately, it turned out there was a downside to being the child of a public figure. You were walking home from school when a van pulled up beside you. You don't quite recall what happened after that, but the next thing you remember is waking up tied to a chair like something out of a movie. You yell and scream, but no one seems to hear you. Or whoever did this is really good at ignoring you. Either way, there's nothing you can do but sit there until someone comes. It's difficult to keep track of time in the room, at the very least enough time passed for you to get pretty hungry before someone showed up. He starts to untie you, but you don't wait for him to get beyond loosening your bonds before you lunge at him, knocking him back into a desk. The lamp that had been illuminating the room falls off, shattering on the ground and igniting some liquid on the floor. The room starts to go up, flames surrounding you and your captor. You both trigger."
"You take some small amount of pleasure from giving your younger brother a hard time. He has it coming -- he's had it coming ever since he was born, and your parents' attention turned away from you for good. Snatching the TV remote from his hands when he's watching his favorite show, stealing and hiding his video game cartridges, a countless number of small torments that seemingly add up over the decade he's been in your life.
He's learned to keep stoic, endure in the face of your harassment, but you know him well, and you can see it get to him from behind the mask. One day, however, you dump his backpack out on the ground right before he's leaving for class, and he turns and grins, not even hiding it. You're left with the thought of that smile all throughout the school day, thrown off-balance by the sudden change in disposition.
When you get home, it soon becomes obvious, as does the sinking feeling in your stomach. A police officer is speaking to your mother, and holding the baggie of weed you've been keeping in your room. You barely hear anything the two are saying, one stern and the other hysterical. Your brother is sitting on the couch with the volume on the TV turned down really low, making eye contact and grinning the exact same grin. Trigger."
"Your significant other died suddenly, and you were left on your own. It was hard to discern the grief from you actually being unwell, but you ended up going to a doctor for tests, and getting it confirmed - you were pregnant. You did everything quietly, and began making plans to end the pregnancy - it was too hard when you were still reeling, when you had a mortgage to juggle on one income, you knew you probably had to sell the house, and your grief had already put you on uneven footing with your workplace. But as you left the clinic, you ran into your sister in law, who works the front desk, and she must have blabbed, because three days later, your signifcant other's family and your family and your friends throw a party for you, celebrating the pregnancy. People cry and tell you how glad they are that you'll be able to carry on your SO's legacy through the baby. Under immense pressure and surrounded by smiling faces, you escape to the bathroom and, leaning over the sink, having a panic attack, you trigger."
"You’ve always taken a certain pride in your appearance, especially as concerns your face. Your bathroom cabinet is full of spot creams, exfoliating washes, shampoos and conditioners, everything to make you as beautiful as possible. Heck, it works, and you reckon you’re actually a pretty damn good catch, even if your race might make others disagree.One day, you come home, turn on the lights, but before you know it, something hard and heavy hits you on the back of your head, and everything goes dark. You wake up inside a white van, hearing the road rushing by beneath it. You notice two other figures in the van with tattoos all up their arms, declaring their hatred for people like you. One comes up to you, malice in his eyes. He explains that he noticed you in public, fussing with your hair, and reckoned you must care a lot about how you look. He followed you home and stalked you, seeing if this was true, and decided to use it against you. Your kind always should be and always would be hideous, and he wanted to make sure you knew. The other person in the van opened one of the doors, and they both grabbed you, pulling you to the door so that only your head and shoulders stuck out above the road. One of them put his weight on your back and legs, stopping you from moving entirely, and the other placed his hands on the back of your head, pressing it down towards the rushing tarmac, until it grinds against your cheek, still moving further down, scraping against bone as you feel your whole head vibrate, and you trigger from the pain and imagining how hideous you'll look."
"You've been put in jail awaiting trial tomorrow morning. Nothing too serious, they wouldn't have even bothered locking you up if you hadn't insulted the arresting officer. Except whoever's in the cell next door was secretly cape and they enjoy hearing people scream. They might have gotten themselves locked up just so they could torture the prison population: they've done something that distorts sound and nobody can hear you shouting for help but them. Worse, they have some sort of demented Shaker effect: every ten minutes, a new rule is created or a new law of physics is violated. You cellmates are already dead but you've held out so far. You've survived three gravity changes, ""light is solid"", ""the floor feels like lava"", ""everything is slippery"", ""soft things grow spikes"", ""heat moves down"" and ""wood produces electricity"". You hear giggling and know the next change is due. You won't survive this hellish destruction of reality until dawn. Trigger."
"It doesn't have to end this way. That's what they're shouting at you, from twenty storeys below. From here, they all look so small, like ants - Faces turned upwards as you perch on the very precipice of the final drop.  Think of your family, they're telling you now. Don't do it. Don't jump. One more step - One tiny step, over the edge - and it's all over. It's all over forever. And then you feel hands on you. Pulling you back from the brink. You struggle, clawing - This is yours, they can't take it from you - and it all becomes a blur of motion and effort and- And then your good Samaritan, who only wanted to help, is plunging off the edge. He falls forever. In that moment, you realize - You're a murderer. Trigger."
"When you crash your car, skidding on a sharp curving ramp into a roadside ditch, you get off scot-free. Not a scratch on you. Your friends tell you you've got the devil's luck. Well, your car, she ain't so lucky. It gets towed to a shop, and for the next few months you're constantly bumming rides off your college buddies, trying not to miss too much class. Well, inevitably, your grades suffer, but what really compounds the stress is calling up friends or family to help with the costs, and the repair shop. Three months after the fact, you finally get word that the car's been totaled. Faced with the reality that you need a car to get by, looking at the damage that's already done, and struggling with a slew of stressors you haven't had the time nor mental fortitude to tackle, you find yourself wishing you'd've died in the crash. Trigger."
"It all started with being a witness to murder, but now you’ve done them a favor and let it go ‘unnoticed’. After all, this gang is notorious for their power and influence. In addition, they’re infamous for brutally torturing and killing anyone who rats on them. Once you let them go, they gave you perks and soon you became an associate of theirs. Eventually pressure causes you to slip into direct criminal activity, and you find yourself on small jobs, feeling more trapped the more you get roped in. Suddenly, one of the higher members of the organization, the one you saw committing the murder you witnessed, is being arrested for his long list of crimes. You know you didn’t say anything, but that doesn’t mean the group doesn’t suspect you. One day you hear a banging on your door. Though it’s muffled, you recognize a couple of the members of the group speaking on the other side. With nowhere to go, and the breakdown of the door imminent, the horror stories all compound inside as you mentally shut down. Trigger."
"You've always had trouble focusing in class. Some kind of ADHD or whatever, your parents don't really believe in that kind of stuff and think you're just a 'little shit'. You act out a lot in class, annoying everyone including your teachers and yourself. After being sent to the Principal's office, you decide 'fuck that', and go for a walk instead. That's way better at clearing your head and helping you calm down than being lectured at, anyway. Lost in thought, you don't really notice where your feet are taking you and, by the time you focus on the world around you again, you can see you've ended up in the bad place of town. You know you're not supposed to be here, but you're not really sure how to get back and you're kind of freaking out and you swear to god you just saw /something/ move and you know for a fact that your heavy breathing is only drawing more attention, but goddamnit that realisation is /not helping/! Your heart is thumping in your chest and your brain feels like it's about to explode out of your goddamn skull and neither of those is helping you think straight and you /really/ need to be thinking straight right now. You try to run somewhere, /anywhere/ as long as it's /away/, but you don't know where you're going and you swear that something is catching up with you. Trigger."
"Your other half is amazing, they never told you how they got their powers but all you knew was that being with them was never dull. The way they doted on you and insisted on the mask while working to “keep you safe” was really cute. Then they started to slow down, their face getting paler and their hair falling out in clumps, and eventually they can’t even walk anymore. According to them, they can feel their power twisting inside them, like a cancer. Seeing them slowly lose that spark breaks your heart, and barely a year after they lost their hair they are wheelchair bound. The final straw is when you see them on the floor after falling out of their chair, the once vibrant person you love now struggling to even pick up their arms. Trigger."
"Your dad wasn’t around a lot, but when he was you loved spending time with him. He was so cool. Then your dad died, in action. He had been gone so often because he was a cape, and his death led your mom to become very protective. It grated, and grated, and you felt strangled by your mother’s concern. Your dad had been considered invincible for a long time, unshaken by even the impact of a train, but then it was revealed that for all the blunt force he could take, getting poisoned wasn't on the list of things he could take. Always cautious ever since, it was helicopter parenting for you, no friends over (need time to study), no video games (could hurt your eyesight), no nonorganic food (bad for you). Then you came home with a scratch from just messing around with some friends, and she flew off the handle. She has you wash it until that whole patch of skin is red and bruised from the abrasion, and starts arranging for you to be homeschooled. Shocked at the thought of losing your friends and being forced into her 'protection' 24/7, you trigger."
"Freestyle BMX is your passion. You loved nothing more than performing awesome bike tricks on the local half-pipe and getting thunderous applause from your friends as they filmed you. Becoming the best among your friends, the best among your town, this dominates your life. In order to achieve your goal, you needed to practice, and practice often. After midnight one day, you’re practicing alone in the dark with a portable floodlight illuminating your practice area. You’re going faster and faster, deeply in the zone; surely you were going to be one of the greats! Filled with the confidence of joy and adrenaline, an idea for an advanced trick hits you and you immediately move to try it. It doesn’t work out well. Your bike lands wrong and you don't even have time to think as you immediately go flying off the side, scraping your face against the rigid edge of the half-pipe. Delirious, you feel the front of your head, unable to even understand what happened and the magnitude of damage to your face and skull other than that it's an extreme bloody mess. With only the previous adrenaline keeping you conscious, you become aware of the pounding black haze of blindness and searing pain. Dimly, you realize that you're going to die. Trigger."
"You'd never had the chance to be well-liked in school. In fact, no matter what you did, it always backfired; other people wanted to be near you less the more you tried. Eventually you gave up and turned to the internet to get your social fix. It went well. People were interested in you there, they liked you, but it still felt hollow on some level. You delved further into your newfound world to fill the hole, but an emptiness kept nagging at you. You gave up on the world of constant rejection. Your grades suffered, you stopped looking for the chance to make friends, but it bothered you less as time passed. You avoided others before they could try to reject you, not giving them the chance. One night, you finished a session of gaming with some online friends and noticed a stack of papers set aside - an assignment you'd kept putting off. The deadline was too close to finish it, but failing it could fail you the class. That realization brings it all crashing down. All the time you've wasted chasing after a fix that never filled the hole, all the pristine opportunities at a good future you' throwing away like this - amidst the belief that you'll never be able to feel like you're somewhere you can belong, you trigger."
"In retrospect, it's obvious. Spousal abuse. But at the time, it wasn't so much. It was low ebb, the occasional hit or wildly destructive lie or random act of financial devastation; a few times a year. Then you got the diagnosis - a genetic disease that will cause slowly declining health and, soon enough, death - and it went from an occasional rain to a constant downpour. Still, you thought it was your fault, that your life was falling to tatters around you. They turned your friends, your family against you, destroyed your finances, left you broken and with no support but them. You tried to kill yourself, believing them when they said it was your fault, that you were a failure. Now, you're staring down that diagnosis, and you're helpless. They're your only lifeline - because of what they've done, yes, but still, the only person you can turn to for support. You don't have any hope of escape, not in the short time you have left to you. They get home early one day, and you haven't finished vacuuming. You know that's all it will take, for them to hurt you just that little bit more, and that is enough to make you trigger."
"It was a bulletproof business strategy, make money off the guys that actually are bulletproof. You pretend to be a Master; crooks and supervillains give you a cut and can claim they were being mindcontrolled by you if they were caught. It was great, the money was good and easy. Then the raid happened, you were captured by a hero who held a grudge against your business partners. You tell them your story but they just won’t listen. You furiously tell them it was a lie but the cape doesn't believe or doesn't care and raises his hand to kill you. You frantically try to reach for a power you don't have; trigger."
"You were talked down from the ledge of a building, and the “heartwarming” video of the whole affair is still making its rounds on the internet. It ruined your life. Nobody ever talks to you the same anymore, as if you had become a fragile and delicate doll, someone to be pitied and protected. Your friends and family now treat you as an infant, exchanging worried glances whenever you say something even remotely off-kilter, and this was only enhanced by your repeated rebuffs; the more you angrily denied that you were suffering and that they were treating you like a child, the more it reinforced their belief that your mind was a chaos of depression and anxiety. You were seemingly no longer a human being because now everyone could only see you through a lens of pity and doubt about your self-control and will to live. One day, as you’re walking down the street, you notice a group of people pointing at you and whispering to each other. It hits you all at once: You were never going to shake that identity. It was easy to talk you down off the ledge, the part they missed was making you want to stay once you returned. Realizing you wanted to die and this urge may prove them correct about your fragility in some capacity, you trigger."
"It's a long drive, but you and your buddies have made it before, and you decide to just drive through the night. There's enough of you that you can just sleep in shifts, no problem. Driving on the interstate, though, you hit a spot of construction, the highway down to two lanes, concrete bunkers on either side. A trucker on your right, hitting a wet patch, maybe falling asleep at the wheel, you don't know - he loses control, swerving, and the trailer of his 18-wheeler jackknifes into your sedan, smashing it against the bunker. You get a brief moment to scream as the chassis crumples, a brief moment to realize you're going to be pasted against the wall at three am in the middle of nowhere. Trigger."
"Your dad used to be a dealer, and a violent one. As you grew up, you got glimpses of his life. Enforcers visiting, Him returning with wounds, Occasionally having to move to a second house for a few days... It all changed when you got a little sister. He changed. He became nicer; got away from crime. It didn't matter to the others. His former enemies still lurked around every corner, and when he finally dies of a heart attack, you know they know. You trigger when you see three men staking out the house, waiting for it to become night."
"You always hated flying, but you loved traveling as nonsensical as that sounds. You went mostly by boat, and enjoyed every moment of it. Eventually a tiny Pacific Island sang the call of adventure to you. A small port was all that was there and an even smaller airstrip originally set up in WW2 and filled with rickety prop planes. You snapped a picture and moved on to your exploration, but soon you were brought back to the airfield in a stretcher. Victim to an infection your immune system was not ready for, they had to fly you to a larger island to reach a hospital. The stretcher doesn’t even fit entirely in the cabin, your legs dangling out and your slab strapped haphazardly to the tiny sightseeing plane. Each time you rouse, a scream leaves your lips and you faint, but the final straw is when the pilot makes a sharp turn in a bit of turbulence. Shaking, half-unconscious, and seeing only your feet facing to the water below, you assume you are plummeting to your death. Trigger."
"You're out late one night, walking home alone. Seemingly from nowhere, somebody grabs you from behind, and you feel cool metal on your neck, your eyes going wide. ""Don't scream,"" he warns you, his voice a whisper. ""Don't make a noise. Just be nice and quiet, and nothing too bad has to happen."" You don't listen to him, the worst possibilities running through your head. Instead, you flip the fuck out. You struggle against him, and in the process you accidentally cut your own throat on his knife. Trigger."
"You're in a new town, visiting your extended family, and you're stepping out for some errands, grabbing some last-minute ingredients from a nearby grocery store. Unfortunately, your shopping trip takes you to the less savory side of town, and as you're walking back to your car, you're accosted in the parking lot by a group of teenaged gangsters looking for some kicks.
The kicks in this instance turn out to be very literal as they snatch the groceries from your hands, shoving you to the ground and laying into you, your only recourse being to curl up into a ball as they shout some half-heard imprecations about wearing the wrong colors on their turf. After they lift your phone, wallet, and keys from you, they begin pelting you with your groceries, eggs and all.
Lying on the ground, you hear them peel off, presumably in your car. You lie there in stunned shock, not knowing what to do or how to approach the situation and deprived of the tools to handle it. Unable to call for help, unable to make your way back -- let alone find your way back, sans your phone's GPS, and not even able to contact your family to let them know what's happened, you trigger."
"Your mom was a real hardass, whenever you showed any “weakness” she would burn you with her cigarettes or hit you with the paddle. Your dad would occasionally join in verbally, they both claimed it was to make you tough. Well it worked, you were the toughest kid at school, nobody messed with you. You often got into fights and would end up breaking kids arms, legs, you even managed to crack a kid’s collarbone once. When you did this and the counselor brought your parents in, they feigned disappointment in you, but at home the beatings would stop for a bit each time. Then the exchange kid came in, he was a refugee from some pseudo-country in Africa, but you never really bothered with geology. All you knew was that he needed to be taught who was the toughest kid around. You squared up to him and his fist had connected with your jaw before you could even get a word off. The nurse treated you, the injury wasn’t bad at all. Then you get home. Your parents are looking at you with a predatory gaze. Your mother pulls the cigarette from her mouth. As you prepare for the worst beating of your life, you trigger."
"Your husband hits you, terrorizes you, abuses you. You call the police one day after he knocks you around, and he's arrested, a court date set. He enrolls himself in a counseling program for abusers, participating fully, not making excuses for his behavior. He's genuinely remorseful, trying to correct his bad behavior and become someone more like the man you fell in love with. When the court date comes, he's had three months of good behavior, your sympathy, and the judge is impressed by his improvement: the charges are dismissed. As you leave the courthouse to get into your car, him getting into his own a half-block away, he gives you a sinister smile and wave. ""No more Mr. Nice Guy,"" he says, and a chill runs down your spine as you realize it was all an act, and that your life is about to get much, much worse. Trigger."
"First they called you a troubled teen. They sent you to a camp for rehabilitation. Then, when you refused to play their game, they called you dangerous. Parent and coordinator probably made some deal behind the scene, because you didn't go home after the camp. They sent you straight to a hospital, and not a nice one. The world wants to forget you, to invalidate you. They call you insane, unhinged, dangerous, and you're not. You're perfectly sane. All your life, you've refused to bend when wronged, and you refuse to budge here. You fight them every step of the way, a road that leads to two men in scrubs seizing you, and a woman with a syringe aiming to tranquilize you. Roaring your sanity to the world, you pull away, and you flee, hiding. It's not about the syringe or the assault. You'll never really be able to get away from it. It's about the allegation, that drives them to use the syringe and to condescend to you. That you're mad. You trigger."
"You were simply touring the sugar processing plant with a group before the disaster happened, someone not following the no smoking policy, and you all ended up in a small alcove beneath some stairs when the roof collapsed with a muffled boom. The sounds of fire engines outside make you shudder with terror as another survivor sneezes from the dust permeating the space. You know what happens when dust meets a flame, and while some scream for help and others try desperately to wriggle out through the cracks, you freeze with shock. Your legs are shaking and your every instinct is telling you to run, but over the din of the others you hear a shout outside. “Oh shit! Get the hose over here, now!” The fire must have spread, and that shout sounded close. Trigger as the panic reaches a fever pitch and the white dust in your alcove begins to stir up, the whole room getting dry, hot, and cloying with smoke."
"It was supposed to be your night, and you haven't had many nights. Your parents paid for your older siblings to go to school and they didn't have funds left over to pay your way, so you worked your way through. They shared a car through their teens, moved out, and took the car with, while you took the bus. But a work colleague became a boyfriend and then after three years, became a fiance. The night of your wedding arrives (paid for by you and the fiance, of course), and lo and behold, your older sister shows up in a white dress. You're scandalized, but you bite your tongue, and you cross your fingers that people will see it as the blatant and gross faux pas that it is. In the midst of your evening, soured by the spectre of your sister in her white dress here and there, always in your peripheral vision, you overhear people commenting on her. You edge closer, eavesdropping, in hopes of hearing some gossip at her expense, but all they talk about is how beautiful she is. You saved for this night, your night for two damn years, for this. You trigger."
"You're not part of the 'in' crowd in your high school's multitudinous array of cliques, but tonight's your chance. One of the groups you'd like to be a part of - an eclectic collection of kids that aren't conventionally popular, but seem to have their own thing going on - have invited you over to a party tonight. The party, such that it is, is an hour out of town at White Rock Park. Trespassing, as it so happens, a late evening a few hours after the park closes. Boom boxes, towels, coolers of beer, spray painted graffiti, and a chance to prove yourself. Cliff diving. Everyone takes their turn, diving fearlessly into the dark waters -- forty feet, sixty, eighty? Even with your phone's crummy flashlight, you have no idea how tall the jump is. But everyone's going, you've been egged on for ten minutes, maybe more, and any more hesitation is going to tank any chance of getting in good with this crowd. You take a deep breath, step up to the edge, preparing yourself to jump -- and you can't do it. You hang your head in shame. It's too dangerous, you don't even fucking know how to swim, and you've blown your shot at making a positive impression. Then one of the other partygoers does the dirty work for you, running up and shoving you bodily off the cliff. You can barely choke out a scream before you trigger, plummeting towards a surface you can't even see."
"Paranoid schizophrenia. It was a hell of a thing to get you diagnosed, then even more of a pain to get you to start taking meds, but once you did, you calmed down. The world wasn't out to get you, your psychiatrist wasn't working with the NSA, the drugs weren't meant to soften you up for organ harvesting in illegal blacksites. You were just regular old crazy, and the meds calmed you down. You get your life together, a new person now that you're not insane, but then the walls start cracking. You jump more at things, get suspicious of others for little or no reason, occasionally hear something that's not there. By the time you realize what's happening - your body building a resistance to your meds - you're pretty deep in, and you're pretty sure your psychiatrist is intentionally sabotaging your medication for his masters in the deep state, so that you'll demand new pills and he can give you something different, now that he's lured you into a false sense of security. On some level, you know it's not true, but you still can't bring yourself to tell him, and you stop taking your pills altogether, worried about their effects. Staring at a crisp, unopened bottle of pills, your brain warring between declaring them obvious poison and actually taking them in a desperate hope to go back to normal, you trigger."
"Your parents are wealthy and you're their darling little girl. If you wanted something you got it, no matter how outrageous. There are entire stables full of your ponies, servants hired and fired on your whim just by mentioning your feelings on them. Your papa and mama love you, so when you demand to see under the sea, they oblige. They book a room on a tourist submarine, a strangely advanced piece of technology. The cost is prohibitive for most but your father just laughs off any concerns, paying it with no hesitation as long as it's for you. It's so fun! There were even dolphins! But something goes wrong. You're safe in your room, playing with your dolls, when the deck depressurizes. The rooms are sealed separately as a redundancy measure, so even though it kills everyone in the deck instantly, you're left alive. By yourself. At the bottom of the ocean. Finding your parent's bodies almost destroys you, but you hold on to hope. A week goes by and you start to run out of food, your stomach making painful noises that it never has before. You don't understand why this is happening to you. It doesn't make any sense. You're a good girl. As the feelings of hunger and thirst become too much, you curl up with your parent's decaying corpses, wishing you'd wake up from this nightmare. Trigger."
"Your old boss had always been the giving sort, hell, for a Christmas gift he even wrote in some of the land on his farm to you in his will. Of course, this had been at a party where only your co-workers had been, so you had him pencil in joint ownership for all of you. Of course it would never happen, he was healthy as a horse. Well it turned out that wasn’t the case, he’d been serious, but apparently beneficiaries of the will could not be witnesses to it. After a lengthy court battle with his widow, you were all left with nothing. She hired entirely new staff, expressing utter distaste for you. Lost, out of a job, out of money from court expenses, and now hated by your friends for losing them their jobs, you go home to your small apartment. Collapsing into your bed, you look at the ceiling and realize that those long months crusading for your promised property had done nothing but destroyed your life. The realization that it’s all your fault tips you over the edge and you trigger."
"Your kid means the world to you, and that hag knows it. You had thought it was a happy marriage, until one night your wife just up and left with your child without even so much as a goodbye. Of course you pursued every avenue to find them, but until you saw the brochure for Seattle squirreled away in her nightstand it was all over. Goaded on by hope, you got there only to find another brochure at the place they had stayed, this one folded into a small square under a pillow. Your kid has to be leaving you hints on where your wife is going! It continues like this for years, every bit of your hard-earned money going into bringing them home, each stop getting closer to finding them, but this time you know exactly where they’re going. The email that came to your phone with an address and a small greeting from your little angel, it left you certain you could get them back! Your beat-up car pulls in just as shouting and yelling echoes from inside. Wasting no time, you kick down the door to find your child and wife fighting. Just as she locks eyes with you in shock, the space around them bends and the pair is gone. You were so close, but still they slipped away. Indignant at the world, life, even the small paper left behind that was the next breadcrumb on the trail, you trigger."
"You're allergic to nightshades. They make you weak, sick, feel like death warmed over - you can't eat them, can barely even stand the smell. Not tomatoes, potatoes, paprika, anything. Unfortunately, you've got a new boss, and he's not respectful of your issue. And he's a smoker - tobacco's a nightshade too, you've told him as much. He calls you into his office, and it smells of cigarettes, making you try very hard not to cough as he slowly - agonizingly slowly - tells you something you already know and he's given to you in written form. It's when he removes a cigarette from a pack, taking a long drag and then blowing it in your face, that you break down in a coughing fit, feeling like you're dying, that you trigger."
"You got caught up in the movement when you were a teenager, and found yourself going to all the rallies and protests whenever you could spare the time. The social issue itself struck a certain cord with you, but the people you met during your years with the group? Priceless experiences. There's something different about the latest rally though, and the air is hostile on both sides of the picket line. Before anyone had knew it, a riot had broken out, and a bad one. The police were rolling in full force, shooting smoke grenades and beating through the protesters with riot gear. When you're faced down with a wall of armored police, you realize your movement isn't really on the winning side. Trigger."
"You like your best friend a lot. That's normal, isn't it? Trouble is, you're worried that you might *like-like* your best friend. You catch yourself staring from time to time and look away, guilty. You've been raised to know this is wrong, right? You've gone to church every Sunday, you know that this sort of thing is sinful, unnatural.
The worst part is that -they- know it too. You can't possibly say anything. But they're the one who tells you about their feelings first. You thought you'd be delighted, ecstatic at the revelation that they like you back, but all that's there is disgust and shame, and the sensation is doubled on a tentative first kiss, even as sinful thoughts creep through your mind. You run out of the room, fleeing to the safety of your home and bedroom, and you pull out your Bible and you pray, and pray, and pray, but even so, you can't scrub the recollection or feelings from your mind, despite your pleas. Why can't you get rid of these thoughts? Why would God even make you like this? In the midst of a crisis of faith, marinating in guilt and self-loathing, you trigger."
"You got hit by a car. You were messing around at the safe end of the driveway with your skateboard or a jump rope or something when your uncle put a foot on the accelerator instead of the brake. That wasn't the trigger. Between the shock, the very nice drugs that helped with the pain, and constant assurances, you laughed, smiled and joked through most of it. Nobody walked away from a conversation with you without a smile on their face. Except your older siblings. They were jealous of the attention, as if you'd somehow wronged them. Five years older than you, almost ready to leave the house, and they start taking some of your favorite things. A game suddenly had scratches on the disc. An autographed poster gets a rip right through the autograph. Your favorite clothes get ruined in the wash. You alternately kick up a fuss and stay silent, and it doesn't stop, nobody believes you. The smile disappears off your face as the subtle sabotage keeps happening and it always hurts so very much, the hate of it. It only got worse when your uncle came with a puppy, a present, agreed on with your mom, by way of apology. You tried so, so hard to protect it. Never let it out of your sight. You slept with it in your arms and woke up to it being smothered. In your fury, struggling to hit and hurt your older siblings with arms that still hurt from the accident, you trigger."
"You're a dumbass. You always end up in the remedial classes and struggle with basics. You work and work, but at the end of the day, you're still always barely scraping by with Ds and Cs. All that work, and all you get is pity. Eventually, you snap and lash out at others, spiralling into a violent depression. That was how you ended up in therapy. You'd avoided therapy, because the last thing you wanted was more pity. However after a few sessions of exercices, she comes back with a whole laundry list of learning disorders and ways of mitigating them. You just stare in shock: your problems weren't because you were stupid but because you had real problems nobody had noticed. The therapist is happy for you but you are crushed. You'd come to view yourself as ""stupid"" and it was something you'd learnt to live with. This is different. Then it dawns on you that all those years of work were a waste of time that you wouldn't have had to do if you hadn't been so /stupid/ and refused help or therapy. Worse, all the effort you put in probably just hid the very real problems you had from your teachers. Trigger from frustration, self-loathing and confusion at the conflicting emotions you feel."
"You knew it was stupid to start hanging out with the school thug's girlfriend, but you couldn't help it. She was pretty and nice and made you feel like you were worth something. At first it was just a friendship, as it turned out you shared some interests, but then she started confiding in you that she'd been wanting to break up with her boyfriend, but was afraid of how he'd react. You, of course, encouraged her to do so anyway and promised you'd accompany her just in case. This seemed like a brave, romantic thing to do at the time, but seeing the larger boy's face contort into rage you began to question the wisdom of your decision. When he shoved you up against the locker and pulled out a knife, shouting that he was going to make you regret ever laying eyes on his girl. You trigger from the bully's aggression while the girl triggers from fear of her ex's reprisal.
"
"You and your old best friend haven't spoken in a long while, not since his date for junior prom ditched him for you. You've made half-hearted, guilty attempts at reconciliation, but he avoids you as much as possible, blowing you off on the rare chances between classes you have to speak to him face to face. You've regretfully written off the friendship as a loss (and that date didn't amount to much, either) but you're greeted one day with a note in your locker.
""6:00 tonight. Our old hangout. We're going to settle this.""
Well, whatever, it's high school drama shit. You two will get into a fistfight, laugh it off, and finally get to being best bros again. That's the thought, at least. When you get to your old hangout, a neighborhood playground equidistant from your childhood homes, the faint sense of nostalgia is broken by his arrival. There's no attempt at a conversation, no greeting except for a fist swinging towards your jaw. Even though you're caught off guard, you're bigger, stronger, and you gain the upper hand eventually, pinning him to the ground.
""We cool?"" you ask, but it seems he's got tears in his eyes.
""Fuck no,"" he replies. You hear the click of a gun's safety being turned off, and cold metal being pressed into your side. Trigger."
"You knew that your mother had an outsize influence on politicians and probably did some shady stuff. You'd guessed that the university entrance requirements were changed to ensure you would get in. You'd never really paid much attention to it however, until it was suddenly front page stuff. It had been part of a major scoop on corruption and your mother was right in the middle of it, her relations to anyone and everyone analysed in detail in the tabloids. You were only collateral damage really, but it was hurtful. For all the world to see, it was written in every newspaper exactly why you shouldn't have been let in, how you weren't deserving, how you were ""lazy"", ""spoilt"" and ""not the brightest bulb in the box"". The price tag and provenance of your birthday presents was derided and your attempt to get a pony mocked. Your friends in university now shun you, disgusted that you bought what they worked for. Mocked by the nation, knocked from your pedestal and suddenly friendless, you trigger."
"You found out when you were a child that you wouldn't live to old age. You had a rare disease, fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva, that didn't have good life expectancy. Every time you got injured your body would repair the damage with bone tissue until you stopped being able to move, or talk, or even eat. You thought you'd made your peace with it, accepted that it was simply your lot in life. But then you were in a car crash. You survived, but what could have been decades more of freedom dwindled to nothing as you lay in a hospital bed, unable to move and trapped in your own body. You lay there as your parents asked the doctors to do what they could to keep you alive. You still lay there weeks later, wishing you'd died in the crash so you could have escaped the hell that is now your life. Trigger."
"You're the unfortunate subject of bullying in your high school, and when it comes to being bullied by the guys rather than the girls, the torments tend to skew heavily towards the physical. Every trip to the locker room to change for P.E. is dreaded, every time they catch you alone despite your best efforts is met with what the teachers charitably describe as 'roughhousing'. Bruises and scrapes on a daily basis, getting tripped or shoved into the pavement, armbars, chokeholds, and getting kicked when you're down. It's miserable, harassment that's been piling up, torment after torment, and one day, you can't take it any more.
This time, when they corner you after school, five to one, you go in swinging, weak arms swinging a backpack laden with textbooks in a desperate attempt to fight them back, fend them off. But you've raised the stakes, and they escalate to match, laying into you. One shove sends you staggering wildly off balance, tripping over your discarded backpack, and cracking your head against the brickwork. Things go dark rather quickly after that. You find yourself hospitalized for a concussion after the fact, find yourself enjoying the peace and quiet and absence of your tormentors. 
A week or so passes, and you're hearing words about a quiet settlement for the medical bills incurred by the 'accident'. It hits you then -- when you get back, those assholes will be waiting, and you changed the nature of the game. It's going to be twice as bad as before, simply because you were stupid enough to fight back. Trigger."
"When you were ten, your best friend took you to a shop, talking you into buying a colourful pack of cards. From that moment on, you were hooked. You bought more cards, you played, you traded, you sold some, bought some. Your collection was your pride and joy, and you took care of it like it was your baby, as you constantly expanded and refined it. You grew older, you sometimes put it away for a few months, once for an entire year, but you always returned to the world of gathering, trading and playing those cards, especially when things got bad in the rest of your life. After a particularly bad day at school/college you walk back home, only when you get there, there's a firetruck at your house. Your heart starts to beat like crazy as you run into the scorched ruins of your home, your vision becoming a tunnel leading towards one singular objective; only to see the remains of your beloved collection, nothing but soggy, wet ash on the ground. Trigger."
"You can't keep going like this. You're doing it again though, doing yet another all-nighter to meet the deadline. When was the last time you slept? Properly, not counting snoozing on the bus or half-hour naps at a desk. Two weeks ago? More? You don't have time to think about it, you have to keep going or you won't meet the deadline. You look back at your laptop. You're aware that each time you sacrifice sleep, you diminish your ability to think straight meaning that the next task will take even longer for your sluggish brain to complete, forcing you to get even less sleep the following few days. When did you start the vicious cycle? Two weeks ago? More? It doesn't matter, you need to keep going: the next deadline is in just a few hours. You just need to keep going until the end of this week then it should be all over. Just a bit more. Except the voices are whispering to you that it doesn't matter: even if you manage to stay awake, your stuttering brain won't be able to produce anything worthwhile. You'll be a failure, you'll have to face their dissapointment. What will your family say? Easier to simply kill yourself now, the hallucinations tell you. Paralyzed with indecision in the face of either option, completely out of your skull from sleep deprivation and malnourishment, you trigger."
"One fateful day, you meet the love of your life, it's like she was made for you. Things moved so quickly between the two of you, you both connected so well. Before you knew it, she was already thinking of having a child and getting married and you, as in love with her as you were saw nothing wrong with it. You and her got busy, making the wedding arrangements and making the baby. You got married, and she got pregnant. Soon however you found out it was all an act as her personality did an about face The woman you loved was a well-crafted mask for the person underneath. It turns out that she wanted your money, and holding your unborn child hostage was how she chose to do it. The marriage immediately sours, turning to ash, but you can't bring yourself to break free of it, with the life you've created in the hands of a psychopath. Mentally imprisoned, manipulated, and abused, you trigger as you wait in the hospital with your horrible wife, waiting for the child you fought so hard to keep alive be born, and a sinking feeling strikes you - what comes next?"
"You were never good at the hard choices. If none of your options looked good, you’d pick the option of doing nothing, even if it was worse than the other choices presented. Right now, you have a difficult choice: the crazy man wants you to choose between an eye or a hand. If you don’t choose one, he’s gonna take both of them. He thinks he needs them. To build something. Seconds tick by and you know you can't choose. Just as he reaches for his tools, you make a snap decision and blurt out ""Eye- uh, I mean hand!"" The madman pauses for a second confused so you try to clarify but you only manage to stutter incoherently ""I uh, I mean uh..."". Without warning, they whip out a tinker tool that looks like a mashup between a dentist's drill and a swiss army knife and pulls out your eye. It is completely painless and you have to feel your face to check it's really gone and the eyeball in the jar is really yours. ""I said my hand!"" you scream. The cape looks at you before morphing the tool into a scalpel and reaching to grab your arm. Trigger."
"You never really liked to hunt, but your father always dragged you along with him anyway. It was more than just his hobby, after all. He lived and breathed that kind of thing, especially the danger of it. The fact that you'd rather be at home with a good book seemed to grate on him whenever you mentioned it, so you stopped mentioning it. This time, he'd said, it'd be different. The two of you were going to a tropical jungle to explore, one he'd been to previously. Normally you'd need a guide for something like that, but your father is probably better at this than any guide he could hire. He loaded you up with a hunting rifle, two hunting knives, and other supplies that you don't really think you'll need. That's one thing he had never broken on before; when he mad you come, he'd make sure you're prepared for the worst. That's probably what saved your life when he had a heart attack in the middle of the jungle, leaving you stranded and alone. You try to carry him on your back out of here, but you get lost. Days later, you're barely conscious with your father strapped to your back, his well muscled body slowing you down. You feel delirious, and find spider bites on your ankles when you check. Not good. It takes you days to get to a path that you think you recognize and when you set up camp for the night after starting to feel like you're finally making some progress, you find out that your father is dead. His body couldn't hang onto whatever thread of life it had left for any longer. As you sit there, staring at your father's corpse, lost in the middle of one of the most dangerous places on the planet and feeling the venom errode at your mind you trigger."
"You and your friends were at a party in one of the shadier areas of your town. The party was extremely lively despite (or perhaps because of) the fact that there were several gang members hosting the whole shebang. Everyone was having a good time, including yourself; many drinks were had, many drugs were done, and someone was even singing karaoke. Without warning the sound of gunshots rang out through the building and things devolved into chaos. It took you a moment to gather what was going on as you dropped to the floor along with several corpses. A drive-by shooting sending tons of bullets through the cheap walls of the house you were in. You curled up where you had dropped, gunshots, screaming and death surrounding you as you simply had no choice but to curl up into a ball and hope the bullets missed you as couldn’t move without risking putting yourself in more direct danger. You don’t know if you’ve been shot, if your friends are okay, or even if your life will last the next few seconds. Screaming on the floor, you trigger in a hail of bullets."
"You remember that will every day when you change her bedpan. Your horrid aunt could have hired a social worker, but for some reason she took a perverse joy in making you do this for the promised inheritance. It was certainly not a pittance, her house is bigger than most schools, but each day is a new torture for you. Intestinal cancer, you’re pretty damn happy she has it too, the old bitch. Every hour is a count to the promised ‘one year’ that her doctor had expected. Then the day passes, she goes to her doctor a week later. The tumor had receded, “a medical miracle” he calls it. That entire year of your life was for naught, wasted, the doctor says she has at least ten. As she smiles in glee and hugs the doctor, you snap. An entire year in the prime of your life spent washing bedpans, every bit of it worthless. Trigger."
"All your life you've been 'looking' for motivation, the motivation to do just about anything, but you're lazy, you just don't have what it takes to get past any uphill battles with yourself. If there was a pill that could light a fire in you, give you inspiration, anything, you'd take it in a heartbeat. So when you hear about a cape offering self help through the grapevine. You give them a little bit of money and they tell you to think about a goal, and their power will help you right along getting to it and it'll be that much easier. It was. First goal, lose weight. You hit the gym, and start dieting; a week goes by and your motivation isn't wavering. If anything it's getting stronger and stronger. It starts off as putting in that extra twenty minutes into your workout, then thirty, then forty, and so on until you're sinking /all/ your time in the gym. It's a compulsion now. You've lost weight, but it just doesn't seem enough. So you keep going, getting weaker and weaker, lighter and lighter, until you collapse in a heap, right before your hourly weigh ins, on your bathroom floor. The sudden pain of the fall and total body failure jars you and as you look in the mirror, filling once more with determination, you trigger."
"You had been reading a book on the subway, and she had noticed the cover, commented on how much she loved it. You spent so much time talking about it with her that you missed your stop, and she gave you her number, her smile making you feel like the luckiest person in the world. The next few weeks felt like the kind of love that was supposed to be reserved for fairy tales, a waking dream that you had to constantly remind yourself was real, staying nights over, then weeks, going on dates, barely even cognizant of the moments when she was away, in a delirious fog when she was absent — and then you woke up, sitting in a hospital bed. You're barely aware, reeling in shock, as a doctor explains the situation: a cape releasing a powerful hallucinatory gas in the subway. As he continues his clinical explanation, you're still not entirely mentally there, but your mind fixates on something in particular and you fall into despair. The love of your life was a figment of your imagination. Of course it was too good to be true. Trigger."
"Your 15 year old brother straddles the railing of the balcony, 16 floors up, holding all of your photography equipment. He used too much data on the phone service you shared with him, you cut him off, and now he's threateing to jump and take thousands of dollars of your equipment with him, if you don't cave to his demands. The equipment doesn't matter - his life does. You say you're going to call the cops, he threatens to jump if you try. Left with no other option, terrified, you concede and agree to turn his cell phone back on. Your parents get home, and you tearfully explain the situation. They give your brother a short lecture, then make the online payment for the cell phone for him. Nothing else. He smirks at you. The trigger happens the next day, when you don't let him have the TV remote. A threat of suicide, a precarious perch on the side of the balcony, to the point where you worry he really will fall. Knowing you have no out (too poor to even leave home), terrorized, knowing this will happen again and again as he uses the nuclear option to win every time he wants, you trigger."
"You've never wanted children in your entire life. Between career goals, lifestyle, and plans for the future... having a kid would just cramp your style. Your partner is okay with this. They don't want children either. Enter the mother in law. She's baby crazy, and ever since you first started dating your SO, she's been hinting about giving her grandchildren. After your wedding, it only gets worse. The questions and prodding happen almost constantly. In a fit of frustration, you tell her that you are/your partner is infertile. You think that'll get her off of your back, but before you know it she's made an appointment at a fertility clinic and is offering to pay. Trigger as you realize that you're going to be forced into having a kid you never wanted."
"You'd heard about concerns centered around the local water tower's stability, but it was never much of a concern for you. You had more important things to worry about in your day to day life, so it was only in the periphery of your thoughts as you went about your day to day business. Of course, when a horrendous sound of breaking metal began near you, you're painfully reminded of the earlier news report. The water tower is falling, and it's falling roughly towards you. Trigger, in the moment that you realize that regardless of which direction you bolt, you'll never avoid the falling several-odd tons of water and and twisted metal."
"You had joined a local kendo club, drawn in by what you thought would be awesome sword fighting. Unfortunately, the reality was much different than expected: bamboo rods, stuffy armor, and days of rigid practicing and repetition quickly bores you. It all comes to a head as you and some friends decide to get the action they expected with their own methods. One night, you all break in, picking your way into the dojo manager’s office. He has some authentic swords there - real, sharpened steel blades. Your friends start up some sparring matches, and you’re having the time of your life, your prior practice ironically helping as you dodge swings and stop just short of cutting a friend’s head off. However, the noise of the someone else entering the dojo stops short the adrenaline rush, and sudden terror takes over as you turn to see the manager at the entrance. You drop your guard, but your sparring partner doesn’t notice, the sword they expected you to block now stabbing cleanly into your chest. Between the fear of being caught and the stab of pain as a blood-slick blade enters your ribcage, you trigger, just as they trigger in turn as the weight of what they've done dawns on them."
"A late night smash and grab, should've been nothing much, but some cape catches you. Once they've got you on the ground, they bind your hands together with rope, then hang you up from a lamp post. They sound like they're in a bad mood as they tell you ""I'll call the police, if I remember."" Hours later, after plenty of fruitless flailing, your hands are black, and you can't feel your fingers. Trigger in a mix of agony and fear."
"When you were a child, you stuck a hair clip into an electrical socket, it was such a weird feeling, sort of hurt but as time went on, you forgot most things about it. As you got older you had an idea, you wanted to remember what it felt like. You knew it was a stupid idea, but still you wanted to try. Heart beating rapidly, you stick another hair clip into the socket. Despite the pain and the small burns, it turned out you liked it, the electricity running through you, the rush of it, almost addicting. It stayed your little secret, but one day you started having chest pains. You find out that you have heart problems, and while you don't think it, electrocuting yourself often probably didn't help. You have a pacemaker installed and after the surgery, and even though the pamphlet suggests this is a bad idea, you figure just one last time wouldn't kill you. So you electrocute yourself this one last time, and you get that thrill you've come to enjoy, followed immediately by intense pain. On the floor now, clutching your chest, heart feeling like it might explode, you trigger."
"Your spouse used to be a bright, intelligent person - someone you admired and respected. Then... then they were kidnapped. You don't know quite what happened to them, but two years after their disappearance, the police found them in a storage container along with dozens of other people, apparently having been taken and used as slaves. They were never the same. Not even close. A shell, not talking or writing, needing you to take care of them. Every night, they wake you up two or three times with screams and fits from nightmares. You try to take care of them, like you would hope they'd take care of you if your situations were reversed, but it wears on you, constantly. You can't abandon them, but at the same time, you don't know how much longer you can take this. Trigger."
"It was going to be the next Great American Novel. Two years living with your parents, and then once it was written, you could get a day job while you tried to get it published. That turned into three years, your great story much harder to tell than you’d first imagined. Eventually, you had to get a day job, move out, move on with your life, and write during your free time. But you did. Every word had to be perfect, and it would be worth all the sacrifices when it was finished. Three years turned into six, six became ten, but you never lost sight of your goal. You’ve crafted a novel that you are proud of, whether any one else likes it, or not. You send a copy to all the people who helped you over the years: your parents who had to house you, the friends who you leeched off and to an old literature teacher so that you could get feedback and make the final tweaks before sending it to a publishing house. Barely a few weeks later, you’re standing in line at the supermarket, looking over the novels in a rack, and you see your story. Well, your title, and the cover image fits, but the author is a pen name you have never heard of. You pick up the book. It’s your words. There’s that chapter you’re still only halfway through. This is your novel. One of the people you most trusted, one of the people you had relied on seems to have decided they deserve more than just thanks and stolen your life's work from you. Trigger."
"Who says you need power to be a hero? For as long as you can remember, saving people out on the street has been your dream; the Triumvirate your inspiration. Your parents are normal, your grades are average, and you're not remarkable in any way... but for some reason you just can't let it go. You fashion a suit together out of some stuff from a local costume shop. You hit the streets. The random thugs you run into seem to think you're the real deal, and it's exhilarating. They catch on when you can barely take out one of them, and you can't stop them from pounding on you. They laugh as they beat you senseless, staining and destroying your new costume. Unmasking you. They go through your belongings, find out your real name. You're horrified, but you can't even stand. You black out. When you wake up you're in a hospital room. The first thing you notice is the hero standing across from you, over your bed. Your heart soars. They must have saved you. But something seems off. They look... awkward. They sit down and quietly explain to you how stupid what you were doing was. How reckless. How your actions have consequences. Your parents are dead. Your house was broken into and wrecked. They stick around for a while in awkward silence, then they leave you alone with your thoughts. This is all your fault. Your parents are dead because of you. You're not worthy of calling yourself a hero. Something inside of you snaps. Trigger."
"They were a hero; they saved you, talked to you, took care of you in your time of need... it was almost love at first sight, for you. They wanted you to help them clean up the city, so you set up a meeting with some local criminals. The plan was for them to use their teleportation power to pop in, take down the baddies, and call the cops afterwards. It didn't go right - too many thugs, and you wound up revealing your true allegiance in the fight. Your hero teleported away, up to a high perch, out of reach of the thugs. The thugs surround you, wailing on you, venting their anger on you. You stare up at your hero where they sit, still and silent, watching you as you're being beaten to death, no expression on their face. You trigger from the betrayal, and the raw physical trauma."
"You're a smart kid. You got into a rigorous program at a prestiguous boarding school far from your awful older siblings and parents who push too hard. What you don't have is a work ethic or study habits. Typical of a smart kid, you get good enough grades on tests without studying. You let more and more homework go by undone, but the teachers usually let you make it up, so there's no real consequences, and at the end of the semester, your grades are always good enough to keep you out of trouble. This year, though, in one class you skip writing not one, but three big essays. At the end of the semester, you talk to the teacher, asking how you can make up your grade. He gives you winter break to make them up, with only minor penalties. Except, of course, you still don't write the fucking essays. When you get back to school in January, the counselor wants to talk to you. You failed the class, obviously. You ask about fixing it, and she says that's possible, but when she learns that you already had a chance to fix your mistakes, she changes her mind. Trigger as you realize that this time, you have no way out. You have to accept actual consequences for your actions, and those consequences include having to leave the school and return to your toxic family life, which will now be studded with snide comments about how you failed when you tried to leave."
"You are on the playground during recess. You and your friends are throwing rocks to see who’s the strongest. None of you thought too hard about it. Unfortunately, the responsible adult staff doesn’t approve. One of the teachers, an overly strict one who is almost universally hated, runs up to scold you, and you accidentally bean them in the head. The rock doesn’t hit too hard, but she starts bleeding, and doesn’t stop. She falls to the ground, sliently. You've heard there are parts of the head where even a small amount of force can be lethal. Did you kill them? The other children start cheering and laughing, seeing the teacher none of them like finally getting some comeuppance. You realize what you’ve done, and that no one else is in the least concerned, and you feel a small bit of relief, before noticing another teacher looking at you in horror. The other teacher pulls out a cell phone and starts talking. She's calling the cops on you. You've killed someone, and you're going to go to jail for the rest of your life. Trigger."
"You like playing in the dirt. It’s fun, almost like making sandcastles, and you don’t even have to go to the beach to do it. Your parents don’t really mind either, so long as you’re home before sundown and get clean before bed. Recently, you found a nice, large hill of pliable gravel only a few blocks away, and you came up with the most brilliant idea for it: a secret base. Slowly and carefully, you made your way to the hill day after day, digging by hand (and sometimes by toy trovel) a nice, deep tunnel into it. It became yours over the course of several days. A perfect little hidey hole, just large enough for you to climb in and avoid the sun, the rest of the hill overhead. Unfortunately, there was a heavy downpour one day, preventing you from finishing the cave. When you return to it the day after, you're relieved to find that the base is still intact, albeit a little wet. Climbing once more into it, you fail to realize something: the gravel soaked in the rain. The roof of the cave is heavier with water now, unstable, and with only a small nudge to the walls once inside, it collapses. You trigger as your home-away-from-home is destroyed, with you in it, and the gravel crushes your body and suffocates you."
"You're a doctor. Nothing fancy, just a local hospital, but among other things, you give shots and vaccinations to infants. Nothing complicated about it. Nurse brings the dosages in from the pharmacy, checks them against inventory, and you administer the shot. Routine. But it goes wrong somewhere, terribly, terribly wrong. There's a bad batch, and kids are getting sick, far too sick. Paralysis, deformity. Death. And it all comes back to you. It's all just a shock, a blur, at first. Hush-hush leave by the hospital gets revealed anyway. Journalists ambushing you. Malpractice suits. It wasn't like you had any control over it. You stare at the gun on your desk. But the responsibility is still yours. Your attorney had recently assured you the outcome for the suits was good. A headline - ""Crippled for Life"". Your malpractice insurance was paying out. Dead kids. You put the gun in your mouth. Trigger."
"You're a gangster in a tight-knit high school set of delinquents, spending the days of your youth involved in petty crime, turf squabbles, and dealing for profit. It's pretty great, and they feel like your real friends -- you ride with them, you'd die for them. Things take a sour turn, though, after a break-in gone poorly, a younger kid getting pretty badly hurt. The authorities are involved, and things are taken to court. The proceedings are a blur, and you feel confident that they can't pin anything extremely serious on you or your crew if you all stand together and keep your mouths shut. It comes as a shock to you when you're sentenced, one of your so-called friends testifying against you and walking away practically unscathed. You get stuck with juvenile aggravated robbery and assault, sentenced to actual prison for years. When you come out, having served your time, stoking a smoldering grudge every day you were in prison, you attempt to track down the guy who testified against you like a man on a mission, and find that he died not too long ago. A freak accident, it seems. Deprived of your vengeance, the grudge keeping you going for years suddenly gone in a flash, you find yourself broken, hollow, and at a loss of where to direct the pent-up rage you've been harboring for all these years. Trigger."
"You like to think of yourself as a Machiavellian mastermind, coldly manipulating everyone in your friend group to your own ends. You drag others down to raise yourself up, cut throats for the slightest advantage, and generally work your ass off to take everything you can in the zero sum game of life. Then it happens. This one bitch who thinks she's so sweet and nice takes a position you wanted. You don't let it lie, of course, immediately beginning a campaign, dragging her down with constant petty barbs, escalating into false accusations of cheating on her boyfriend when that doesn't work. It has exactly the opposite effect from what you wanted, though - everyone turns on you, recognizing your behavior for the selfish, manipulative garbage it really is. Exiled from your friend group, your self-conception and understanding of the world shattered, you trigger."
"You hate your crappy job. You work overnights in a horrible convenience store, selling salty, sugary, and fatty snacks alongside smokes, scratch tickets and booze, often to people for whom those might qualify as their healthier habits. You’ve found it very hard to eat healthfully, under the circumstances, and your doctor is all but telling you that the shift work is killing you. You’ve sent out at least two applications a week for the past six months.
You’ve already been held up — Twice. Guns pointed at you by twitchy addicts, desperate people, despite the signs all over the store, indicating that you have no money to give them. It wouldn’t be fair to say you’re unconcerned, but you know your next stick-up is a matter of when, not if, and you’ve made peace with that. You make an effort not to profile your customers, guess which one is going to have a gun, but it’s hard not to think about it.
This one, though: She’s tiny and her clothes are tight. Not outright skanky, but it’d be hard to hide a gun, unless it were under the brim of the baseball cap she’s wearing low. She doesn’t sound like an addict, and she’s here for the snacks. She doesn’t look like a threat, until she hands over the cash for the junk food, and you get a glimpse at the upper half of her face. She wears a small domino mask to conceal her features.
The cape meets your eyes, and points at the rack of scratch tickets behind you. A flash of light emerges from her hand, and you get to find out what it sounds like when paper and plexiglass explode. Your arm stings, something must have hit you. The cape demands money, and you give her every cent you can. She wants more, you don’t have it. She points at you, there’s another flash of light, and you get to find out what it sounds like when your shoulder explodes. Trigger.
"
"You triggered a long time ago. Your brothers were four and five years older than you, and they gave you the hardest time. When you ate an apple, core and all, on a dare from your friends, you bragged about it to your brothers. They freaked out. The apple seeds had cyanide! You knew how they did things, and you didn't belive them, until they looked it up and found stuff to prove it. They explained that the seeds would take a long time to digest, and they would slowly poison you. You'd have to get a tube shoved up your butt and get your insides vacuumed out. It would cost so much money! Didn't you remember how Uncle got sick and he and auntie had to sell their house? Your parents would be soo mad!

Then they walked off, mostly forgetting about it, except to ask you how you felt, and give you sympathetic looks. But the reality was that you stewed in silent terror for days. When your insides knotted up, you were convinced it was a symptom you were dying. When you threw up from the stress, another sign. When you threw up and there was blood in the vomit, suddenly it was't a joke anymore. You show your brothers, and they freak, going to your parents. You triggered on realizing your time is up. (Except it was only a stomach ulcer from the stress)"
"You're out hiking, when your foot gets caught in a bear trap. It's incredibly painful, but you know there's a release catch, for just this kind of eventuality... there should be, anyway. As tears fill your eyes from the pain, your fingers don't find anything. After several long minutes of searching, you come to the conclusion that it's just not there. You trigger at the sensation of the bear trap on your leg, which - now that you know you can't get out - suddenly feels tighter and more painful."
"You're one of the members of a startup that's prototyping a small-scale stationary steam plant that can provide electrical power to remote homes or villages in third-world countries simply by burning wood chips, bamboo, animal dung, et cetera, even able to use concentrated solar power as a thermal source. You're doing good work and bringing enthusiastic people on board, but when you check up on the progress of the prototype, putting it through its paces, the device fails fundamentally, a mechanical error leading to the rotors jamming. The sad truth of it is that startups have a great deal less oversight than laboratory R&D, and you didn't think to install a safety partition for testing. Pressure builds up in the chamber with no means to immediately shut off the combustion - the steam engine fails catastrophically, and though the components whizz past harmlessly, you're unable to avoid the violent expulsion of steam that follows, scalding your flesh to the bone."
"It's dead week - colloquially, the week before finals - and the term has never felt more accurate. You've put off this design project for long enough. Your part-time job and other projects get in the way, and besides, you work better under pressure anyways, right? It's three days in and you've probably consumed enough coffee to kill a medium-sized dog. There's a sense of urgency to it all - your grade, and consequently, your scholarship, are on the line, and the caffeine only seems to serve to magnify that anxiety, kicking your heart rate up way past the hundreds as your breath grows more and more shallow, panic only making it that much more difficult to focus on completing the project. Sweating, dehydrated, having lost track of the last time you ate, you catch fitful rest where you can and devote yourself to the project any other time, but as the night of the deadline approaches, you realize that the project's barely half-finished and you've sabotaged yourself in more ways than one - this failure's all on you. Trigger."
"When you were younger, neither you nor your wife were particularly good looking. It turns out she was the ugly duckling, and became a beautiful swan. You, not so much: you're still a gawky pale geek. She's in love with you, she's stayed by you, but you can't help worry that sooner or later she'll realize she's out of your league. You go out to a bar with her, hoping to have a good time, and she gets a little too drunk. You try to help her out to your car, and everybody decides that just because you're not as pretty as her, you must be some horrible monster. She's not even trying to defend you, either too drunk or too embarrassed to do so. As a crowd of strangers accuse you of all kinds of horrible things and threaten you with similarly awful ones, trying to claw your wife from your arms, you trigger."
"Well, you did it, you were the part of a small gang, had fun with them, went out and did whatever you wanted. Your family wasn't really in the know, but they didn't need to know! You had fun and made sure the police didn't come down knocking on your door. Problematic is when a bunch of other people started shit near your home, and you called your friends to take care of it quickly. Before anything could escalate though, you saw your aunt walking down the street from your home, she saw you wielding a knife and went up to what would become a fight in just a few minutes. You tried to warn her, but she didn't listen, and when some guy knocked you down on your ass with a good punch, you thought that might be it for her. She was a large woman, probably unfit to run away. And she didn't. she threw a punch, making the guy who approached her cry out in pain and bleed. She swung again, knocking over another one, and your friends stood at the side, just watching. By the time the police came, your aunt had already dragged you home. The next day, you find a video of the whole thing online, and when you go to meet your friends, they laugh at you, tell you to fuck off, and better call your aunt if you need another gang."
"For the first several years of your life, you were raised as a boy by your mother, who went through pains to ensure that nothing dissuaded you from the fact. Your childhood years were strictly supervised, every friendship made shallow at best, with your mother always watching over your shoulder, making sure that nothing untoward might happen to break the charade. It wasn't out of place, and nothing ever came up that contradicted the reality of your life. It wasn't until you started attending a private religious all-boys school that the status quo changed, but there was no gradual realization -- just a sudden, incoherent blur of a moment after a teacher spills hot coffee on you, takes you to get changed, and realizes what's going on. Social services gets called, your mother gets investigated, and you're taken from your home. The shock of losing contact with your mother is numbed by the fact that you're keen enough to pick up on the hushed and worried discussions around you, only really catching unnerving snippets, and quickly piecing together the fact that your entire sense of identity is apparently founded on a lie."
"You've been waiting for this date all week. This girl is smoking hot, she's smart, and the two of you hit it off in moments after you got in touch with her over an online dating app. The two of you have so many things in common, and it's finally time for you both to meet in person. You take her to a nice restaurant, wine and dine her, and before you know it she's whispering in your ear. ""Let's go back to my place."" You excitedly agree, and the clothes come off fast. Except... why does she have a knife strapped to her thigh? The first two vicious stabs to your thighs aren't enough to make you trigger, but as you thrash around, screaming in pain, you can hear her speak, sounding disappointed. ""It's not as fun when they don't fight back,"" she sighs, and you feel the tip of the blade digging into somewhere you /really/ don't want it to go. Trigger."
"Your mother pleaded, cajoled, ordered you to help her with her latest attempt at a diet, to nag her and bother her. She hit you several times when you didn't immediately accept. She could get so scary when she was upset. You agreed, eventually, though you knew it would go badly. Threw out all the junk food, bought the new food for the super strict diet. She didn't follow the diet, you did. She didn't exercise, instead threatening to hit you the next time you told her to get off the couch. You went for long walks. A month in, she got out the scale. She adjusted it to cheat, but it still showed she'd gained weight. You lost a fair amount. You were smiling, pleased with yourself, while she got increasingly upset - and then you made the mistake of saying that she hadn't followed the diet, so of course she would gain weight. She got out a tub of ice cream and set it in front of you, and she told you to eat it all. Then, when you did, your insides cramping, she got out another. After a day and a half of this treatment, you trigger."
"You’ve been gone a couple more days than you planned. You have more than enough food, enough water, so you aren’t worried. You’d even told friends back home that the camping trip length was variable. What you hadn’t accounted for was the weather. Just as you light a fire to cook your dinner, clouds come over you, dark and large. It starts to drizzle. You try and keep the fire going, but as you’re preoccupied, the strong winds pull your tent out of the ground, and it bounces through the trees. You run after it, but lose track. You have no way to get out of the woods now. The rain keeps up, and the wind howls louder. You hear distant creaking sounds followed by crashes as trees fall over under the strain. Then, the hair on your arms and head stands straight on end. Trigger as you realize what the static means."
"Your brother, the favorite, was always abrasive, but never as bad as the bullies. Until you started going to the same school. It escalated quickly, from tripping you in the hallway to throwing your backpack in the river. You learned to take the alternate path, or leave at odd times. Or sometimes, not go at all. One day, they're waiting for you. This time, you decide to fight back, managing to black one's eye. They snap, dragging you down to the river and forcing your face under. Drowning while your brother watches silently, vision blacking out at the edges, you trigger."
"Your father was a Parahuman. His ability was something truly awful; he created fields with it, and could control people within that area. It took him time to build up a place, but once he did there wasn't anyone that could say no to him inside of it. Your childhood was... rough. He saw you and your sister more as toys than people, keeping you trapped within your bodies and unable to move even a muscle under your own power. He would make you do embarassing things, or dance. Feed him and bathe him. His power made him incredibly lazy, his body atrophying with disuse. It was your sister that saved you. You're still not sure exactly what happened, but he pushed her too far. You were in the closet, staring blankly at the wall when suddenly you could move under your own power. The hope and freedom that rose at that moment could have broken you if this were just a trick, a trap. Rather than wait to find out, you cautiously started to explore the house. You found your sister and what was left of your father. She was beating his corpse, mercilessly. Laughing. When she noticed you she smiled, covered in gore, and dropped your father's corpse to the ground. She walked over and embraced you, and you felt your control slipping again. That familiar feeling of loss of control, snatching away the freedom she had given you. ""Don't worry,"" She says, still giggling. ""I'll protect you. I'll keep you safe, where no one can ever hurt you again."" As you feel the last vestiges of your control over your own body slipping and that familiar horror sets in, you realize what's happening. You start to shake uncontrollably, tears running down your face. Your sister looks down at you, and your own hand rises to wipe away your tears without your consent. You trigger."
"You can't help it: you're jealous. It's been a problem in past relationships, but your current SO seems to be surprisingly willing to check in every hour, to cut off opposite-sex friends, and everything else you demand. You're still anxious and worried that they'll leave you, but things seem like they may go well this time. Then it happens. They don't check in. You give them a minute or two, then call. And call. And call. No response. They're fucking around behind your back, you just know it. You thought they might have been the One. Trigger."
"It was Valentine’s Day, and you were happy. Your SO had been slowly drifting away from you, not wanting to spend as much time with you after that nasty car accident they were in earlier that year. But today they were being romantic and one thing lead to another. They looked a lot more fit than they were the last time you saw them naked, but you chalked it up to physical therapy. Then their arms wrapped around you and as a pair you fell onto the bed, first thing you noticed was their grip being tighter than usual. As you both approach climax, it gets even tighter. Their fingers dig in a lot, painfully, then they pierce the skin and the pressure on your ribs gets intense. They’re crushing you. As you try to tell them to stop, you can’t get your breaths to come out as more than wheezes. You hear a deep snapping noise and something inside you gives. Trigger."
"Everyone gets five minutes of fame, and these are yours. Your 'controversial' and 'shocking' opinions are finally getting airtime, and it's standing room only at your first speaker's appointment. The crowd is alternately cheering and booing, and they're eating it up as you give them the Word from On High. Then there's a BANG - a sound almost lost in the roar of the crowd - and a sick stabbing pain in your chest. Somehow, you see the gunman in the stands as he takes careful aim, as the cheers and boos turn to gasps: you try to say something, but the words just won't come. You trigger just as he fires again."
"You've been married for the past three years, lavishing yourself and your spouse with a lifestyle beyond your means. You accumulate massive amounts of credit card debt, not to say anything about the debt you accrued in the pursuit of a college degree, and the wage you earn monthly can't even cover the minimum payments for all the associated bills you owe, both credit cards, the loans, mortgage, the car, and you're dreading the medical bills and other costs associated with an impending childbirth. Finally coming to reality as you're faced with bill after bill, you hem and haw about how best to break this news, deathly concerned it might tear your marriage apart, your hesitation leads to the worst possible outcome - your spouse opening your mail, going through everything, and confronting you as you return home, papers fanned in one hand indicating a debt of several hundred thousand dollars. Trigger."
"Dad was always angry after work, and as the oldest child it was up to you to protect your siblings however you could. Normally this meant taking the brunt of the punishment, but today was different. He was much angrier, and instead of going for the old stand-by of his fists, he grabbed an empty beer bottle off the counter, slamming it on the table. He waves the bottle threateningly at you, then takes a wide swing -- you're able to dodge in time, but that's the biggest mistake you make all night. His swing carries it into the wall and the glass shatters, leaving him with a handful of jagged shards. Then your youngest sister starts crying. As he whirls towards her, fire in his eyes and his bloody hand tightening the biggest piece of glass, all the chaos gets to you as you desperately try to hit him, stop him in some way. Trigger."
"Your father was a wealthy man, there was no doubt about it. Everybody loved him too, he seemed so perfect, so humble. He helped old ladies cross the street like it was second nature. You were different though, timid, weak, a smidgen creepy as well. What people didn't know was that as long as you could remember, your father kept you that way. Your father was a control freak, and a murderer, and you helped him. That's why he kept you weak mentally, physically, so you'd never be strong enough to break free of him, turn him in. He watched your every move, controlled every aspect of your life. You were too scared to tell anyone, especially since you'd helped him. You were just as bad as he was. It was his ritual, inviting them over to your house, distracting them before ultimately having you beat them down with a hammer so that he could enjoy the ""fun parts"". You got good at it too, just like he wanted you to. One day you hit puberty and like teenagers do, you started to think for yourself, get smarmy. A small part of you always /knew/ it was wrong, but now, it all came to the top. You trigger as he prepares to beat you mentally and physically, realizing that then, now, and forever you were the murderer's little monster."
"Working at a nuclear power plant is actually incredibly safe. You can count the number of Americans who have died in related accidents since the advent of nuclear power on your fingers and toes, despite what protestors sometimes say. It's the safest power source around. Unfortunately, user error still exists - somebody fucked up labeling materials properly, or you just misread them, and as a consequence, you accidentally cause the mix to achieve criticality. Nothing threatening to the world at large, or even your coworkers, but you've just been exposed to an incredibly lethal level of radiation that will kill you in two days. As everyone panics and people try to figure out what happened, you trigger - and so does the responsible party, out of a mix of guilt and fear."
"Late-night walks were something you came to enjoy. Your dad was a mean drunk, and got hammered more evenings than not. You learned to be careful to avoid getting in the middle of him fighting with your mother or siblings, but it was stressful just to be there and hear the yelling. Instead, you got in the habit of leaving before the usual started and staying out on your own until things had relatively calmed down again. Home never quite felt like home to you, but it wasn't so bad to just spend time by yourself in the night air. It felt peaceful. You cut through a side street one night, not paying enough attention, and someone there took you for an opportunity. The mugger grabbed you, threatening you with a knife, but your mind was back home - back with your father. In a fit of reactive fear, you try to swing at the mugger, only to feel the sharp pain of the knife piercing through your chest. As you crumple over from the pain, struggling to breathe, you look up and see the thief watching you. You trigger."
"It’s really a blur how it happened, snowmachining on a lake and a patch of ice was thinner than you thought. When you fell through though, the ice didn’t break neatly, instead scattering in a loose collection of heavy clumps floating in the water, more like packed snow. Even though you’re right next to the edge, the chunks float above your head and don’t allow you enough room to stick more than your arms out to keep you from sinking. You desperately claw for air, occasionally stealing a gasp from a crack near a drifting chunk, but the water is starting to freeze together the ice and these opportunities become much less frequent. The water robs the life and pain and even the color from your skin, leaving you numb and on the verge of frostbite each time your skin leaves the water. The very act that could save you causes immense pain. Trigger as your arms grope to move chunks out of the way for breathing holes, but they don’t budge."
"You were quite the little shit growing up. Learning from an early age that dominance was key, you always made sure to know who was above you and who was below you. And of course, if they were below you, then it wasn't pretty. Among your bullying and sadism, there was one activity that absolutely delighted you: walking by that yard full of chained up dogs on your way to school. Every morning, like clockwork, that pack of mutts would be waiting there, barking and yipping at any movement that caught their eye. You never did figure out why they were stuck there in the morning; maybe the owner was an asshole, or they just liked hearing a shit ton of noise that early. It didn't really matter to you either. You just did what you felt like doing: tormenting, kicking, taunting, and abusing those animals through the chain link fence every single day. It became a game, seeing which ones would get the most rabid, trying to find the loudest, even occasionally drawing blood when the pack got really riled. They never could hurt you anyway, prying at their leashes as their teeth gnashed, and their owner was never around. Maybe they eventually noticed, though, because one day, you find that same pack just as ravenous as before. Only this time, they don't have leashes, and the fence gate is wide open. You trigger as the tables are turned, the herd chasing, catching, and tearing you to shreds for all the torment you caused them."
"Your Master gave you life, His breath fills your lungs, His blood courses through your veins, it is through His eyes you see. It’s only natural that you serve Him, and His orders were to become a member of the PRT and relay Him all the info you could. So for years you obeyed this commandment, knowing Him more and more, He even called you His favorite “clone” and laughed when you humbly requested His insight on what that meant. He even told you about some of His plans, all obviously too divinely inspired for you, but He seems to enjoy talking to you specifically, and even called you His friend when you asked what you were. Then one day your Master came to you crying, His glorious hand sinking a small needle into your neck and pressing down on it. The color of life becomes darker while the conditioning bred into you from your creation falls away and you see him for what he is, a villain -- you were taught about them in the PRT and this revelation almost calls you to shoot him, but you cannot bring yourself to do this. Through tears, he tells you that he can’t bring himself to do this to you anymore. Your eyes water for the first time as he tells you that the clones are unstable, he has no clue how long you have. As tears streak down your face, you come to one realization. You don’t want to die. Trigger."
"Being a superhero's kid isn't nearly as fun as you'd think, even if they do make giant mecha straight out of a cartoon. Your hero mom has always made you go to school events and extracurriculars that you hated because she thought you needed to if you wanted to get into college. Often, the organizations are meant for kids years older than you, but she thinks you'll rise to the challenge. One day you wind up in a speaking position at a worldwide youth conference. She pulled some strings and got you named as the winner of the event's essay contest. This lands you at the podium in front of what looks like a thousand kids, all much older than you. You start to stammer your way through the speech you scrawled, failing to even peek above the podium. An event coordinator grabs you from behind the podium, hands you the mic, and shoves you forward, making you even more visible. The notes are back on the podium, but your social anxiety forces you to remain where you are. You improvise your way through the rest, failing utterly and making no sense at all. As the emcee takes the mic back and asks for a round of applause, you trigger as thousands of your peers silently stare you down."
"It was freshman year and you were a star, a natural. You were smart too, had it all. You were quickly headed for JV. One day, you were going to hang out with some of the seniors and sophomores after school at the mall. You called shotgun, said you'd wrestle for it. You didn't have to. When they started driving were going too fast on a turn and the car crashed, and everything went black. You were in a coma for them semi-conscious for a couple of weeks, slowly recovering. When you came to they told you that you had brain damage. You were determined to get back on your feet however it became apparent that you couldn't. You weren't what you used to be, who you used to be. When you wanted to move your body lagged, when you wanted to think you found your thoughts moving like pitch. When you could finish forming those thoughts you found yourself exhausted fatigued. You kept your head up through high school, or tried too but it was hard. It made you feel stupid, crippled in body and mind but you soldiered on. They let you stay in the wrestling club but you were really just a mascot. It still made you feel good. After a couple years of this, and a couple more of being held back, you found yourself watching as the wrestling try-outs and you saw one of the freshman, he was a star, just like you were. In the moment, where you saw yourself in him, you thought clearly for the first time in years. You could see what should have been your best years, but if you were normal instead. Trigger."
"Your parents are famous celebrities, and that gets you a lot of clout. The second you drop your last name it seems that you will immediately become king of the world: You get into any club you want, you get any sexual partners you want, everyone hangs on your every word, and everyone generally wants to be your best friend. Of course, it wouldn’t last. Your father was caught up in one huge scandal where he dropped a racial slur on camera, and after that, things spiraled out of control. Apparently, that was just the straw that broke the camel’s back, and all of the misdeeds from both of your parents quickly come to light. You hadn’t done anything wrong, but immediately your lifestyle changed. You had long known that much of your relationships were shallow and based solely on the quality of your last name, so the destruction of your social clout only mildly upset you. No, what wore you down was the negative press. The paparazzi screaming questions at you, news outlets asking if you knew about your parent’s misdeeds and didn’t say anything, being insulted and compared to them in the worst possible light… Your entire family is dragged through the mud endlessly, called stupid, vain, worthless, and above else, terrible people. Realizing that your family is a hated laughing stock and you will never be able to live a normal or even just vaguely positive life thanks to the shame of your name, you trigger."
"You and complications have an intimate relationship. Calcium deposit right under your patellar ligament kept you from joining track in middle school, didn't help with the weight gain. Chronic bad back beginning in high school. Reflexologist telling you every limb is less than average. Alzheimer's runs in the family. You've graduated high school, and now your body is simply starting to ache. One night, as your aches keep you awake, you try to see yourself in five years, maybe ten, and you trigger as all you can see in your future is ""complications""."
"Your mother was a twisted woman. Abuse had been the norm, your dad being the only one who could really protect you, but a genetic disease meant that he was a frail man. The worst day stays with you, when your father had tried to block your mother’s beatings and advances, but in a moment of brutality, was cast aside and tumbled down the stairs. Your mother was arrested for his manslaughter and you haven’t seen her since. Years later, you have new friends and a new town, your past locked away in your head. All it took was one drunken fool at a party, an unexpected someone from your old life, for all your secrets to come spilling out. You feel all eyes turn to you as the crowd quiets, the pity and judgement burning into you. Shame, buried for years, makes a sudden appearance as you realise how you can never truly belong with the carefree people you now call friends. Trigger."
"Being a gangster is a dangerous job, and it's certainly not glamorous, but what you're being tasked to do never came into mind as you found your way into the business. Dogfighting's prime entertainment for the scum of the city, and you're low enough on the totem pole that you get to deal with the bloodthirsty, mangy beasts. Feeding and cleaning's a job that's split between a few people, but today it's your turn to do the dirty work. As unnerving as the feral growls from the kennels and cages are, it's just cleaning up dogshit and bones and scrap, right? Yeah, not right. One of your fuckhead buddies must have forgotten to latch one of the kennels. An ugly, vicious mastiff's very definitely not caged, facing you down and edging closer, hackles raised. You back away, dropping your cleaning supplies, arms flying up over your face to protect yourself as the beast lunges at you. Fang meets flesh, and you trigger."
"You’re caught in a bloodbath, and there is no exit. Someone in the mall you were in just triggered and became a cape, and it seemed they were the kind of person that was simply hell-bent on using their new power for murder. Mobs of people try to flee, but whole swathes of the crowd are cut down like nothing as the monster laughs maniacally, reveling in their newfound strength. You’re one of the few that managed to escape the initial onslaught; you and two others are crowded together, hiding beneath the check-out counter of a shoe store. Eventually, the screams of the other shoppers are cut short, and you are left in silence. Among the silence, you can hear a lone set of footsteps moving ever closer. The steps pass near where you are, very nearly driving you insane with fear… But eventually the footsteps pass and you relax slightly. So does the person huddled next to you; as their body relaxes, their shoe scuffs slightly against the floor. With that noise, the footsteps stop for a moment before reversing direction and coming straight for you. Trigger."
"The graveyard shift working in waste disposal, you’re clearing house at the liposuction clinic. Opening the industrial sized bin, you see it filled to the brim with medical waste bags. Struggling to grip the bags, you lean in a little further than is safe and your feet leave the ground as you fall, getting swamped by bags of fat. You’re pissed, but as you try to climb out, zips and sharper points on your clothes pierce some of the bags and gallons of fat start to pour out onto you. As you struggle, unable to find any traction or leverage, more bags are sliced open before you are swimming in the stuff. Horrified and disgusted, thick liquid fat passing your lips as you try to yell for help, you trigger."
"You're in the middle of a long dive with the rest of your scuba team, in waters that aren't entirely friendly to human life. To that end, everyone around you is carrying a wasp knife at their side. You've all been trained to use them, but something goes horribly wrong. One of the nearest divers gets spooked, and stabs out into the murky waters. Unfortunately, it jams right into your arm, and the payload of the knife has been ejected. You know you've got maybe seconds until the air hits your heart, or explosively reacts in your veins. Trigger."
"It’s over, everything has become too hard. Nothing brings you any joy anymore, not after the divorce. It had been mutual, and you both split off on bad terms hating each other’s guts. Then slowly the silence of the apartment had grown heavy, all the pictures that gave you joy causing you pain with their gazes, your favorite foods tainted by the memory of your ex. Too late you realize that your spat had been hollow and you still loved them. They left town though, no more sunshine in your life, so you went to that bridge. Nice and secluded, where you shared your first kiss, the canyon below sneering up at your misery. Then you see another figure standing at this bridge, tilting as you are. In the dark you can’t see their face, but as they tip over the edge the street-light flickers over their visage. It’s them. As they tumble through the air limply towards the rocks, you let out a pained shriek, your hand grasping and scraping at the air for them. Trigger."
"You never meant for it to go this far, man. You just needed to get your hands on some fast money, and your boy Sal knew a guy looking for some muscle. A quick babysitting job with two other guys keeping an eye on a few rich brats, for ransom or leverage or some other shit you didn't need to know. Put on a mean act, keep 'em scared and quiet, and get paid. Shoulda been simple, right? But next thing you know, there are cops surrounding the place like it's fucking ring around the rosie time. One of the little rich bastards decides now would be a great time to grow a pair of balls, and goes for your gun. Practically MADE you shoot him, really. Jesus fucking Christ, now there's blood on everyone. Good thing those brats are rich, 'cause therapy's expensive, and they're gonna need it. Shit, man, you probably need therapy too. You didn't want to do that. You didn't put 'shoot a fucking kid' on your calendar today. And now the cops are charging the place like the gunshot was a starting pistol at a racetrack. They're kicking in the doors and windows, guns drawn, no way out, and now there's a kid's blood on your hands. Trigger."
"It’s been a long road to wellness, but the psychiatrist assures you that you have your schizophrenia well under control enough to switch to a less potent prescription. That was bullshit, you’ve been shaking for days and the dizzy spells come in tidal waves, worst of all you’ve started hearing voices and seeing things in the corners of your eyes. They keep telling you that this is common in withdrawal, and giving you tiny doses of your old meds to wean you off. The shakes and dizziness are gone, but the hallucinations only get worse as time wears on and you know what the voices are talking about. They’re talking about you, mocking you, “They’re crazy” the voices say, “Flipped their lid” they say. You can see curls like dense, blood-red hair in the corners of your vision whenever you’re off the meager doses you’re given. The breaking point is reached when you begin retching in the middle of an episode, your whole world turning scarlet and crowds of voices mocking you. Trigger."
"You should have listened. Everyone told you not to go home alone. Yeah it was dark and yeah you had been drinking but the party was only five blocks away from your place. There was no point in taking a cab, and everyone else was too drunk to drive. And plus, you took karate for like five months as a kid. You'd be fine. Nothing bad EVER happened here. That's what you kept telling yourself as you walked with your heels in hand, stumbling a bit. You were a quarter of the way home when you felt the hairs on the back of your neck prick up. Someone was following you. You tried to phone a friend. Maybe they wouldn't do anything if they knew that someone would miss you. But it's dead. You pick up your pace, but you're terrified. Even if you make it home, now they know where you live. Your heart races as you navigate the streets, trying to make fake turns to throw them off. Now you're half an hour out of the way from your house, you've cut your foot on broken glass, and you hesitate, mustering up enough courage to glance behind you for the first time in what feels like ages. They're still there. You trigger as you back away from your approaching follower, legs burning with exhaustion, the soles of your feet ragged from abuse, knowing that you don't have the energy or the reserves to shake them off, knowing that you'll probably never make it home."
"When you asked your mom why your uncle was so big, she laughed and told you, ""from eating little kids who ask too many questions."" So when he's your babysitter some months later, you're terrified he's going to eat you. After a lot of him trying to get you to do things and you basically locking up and cowering, he finally growls and half-lunges at you. You run for it, locking yourself in your bedroom. You can hear him on the phone, pacing up and down the halls. You trigger when you hear him say ""I'm going to kill that little brat."""
"You feel awful and hopeless quite often, and are having thoughts of suicide. You talk to your parents about how you feel, and out of nowhere your father is furious, he’s yelling at you to tell him how you plan to do it, your mother collapses in on herself and starts crying. You have no idea what to say, you didn’t expect this, you start crying and panicking. Your father forces you to the ground still screaming in your face about how you’re being selfish. You are trapped as he kneels on you, his hands holding down your wrists. Unable get away, and just wanting some way to take back telling them, you trigger."
"When people are hanged, they're not choked to death. It's the fall that kills them and snaps their neck, the body just spams after that. At least, that's the case when the drop is long enough and the noose is well made. You? Looking at the kitchen clock, you can see that you've been hanging for nearly a quarter of an hour, alternating trying to die faster and frantic scrabbling for air. Things are going black again but you can hear someone at the door. Relief and panic battle each other: an end to the pain in your lungs and neck but whoever it is will also stop you from trying again. You can't stand the thought but you're neither able to die fast enough nor release yourself from your self-made bonds. Trigger."
"It took years for you to realize something about you, but not as many as some - you are, in fact, gay. Your family, deep-rooted in conservative beliefs, would never accept it, let alone turn a blind eye. So you kept it a secret, tucked it away in your soul for years, until you met someone that you just clicked with. You start dating, uneasy at first, half due to secrecy, half due to lack of experience, but a year passes by and you're sure you've found the right person. If only your family could see that. On your 17th birthday, you decided to bring your significant other with you, planning on taking high road, standing proud above your parents' outdated belief, and maybe, just maybe, fingers crossed, getting their blessings for the young relationship. But things went different than you anticipated, and far worse. As you presented your 'friend' you'd invited as the person you sincerely wanted to spend your life with, your parents didn't just throw them out, or even just throw a screaming fit at the both of you, but your father, outraged, upended a pot of hot coffee in significant other's face. They scream, sprinting blindly out of your house and swearing all the while, and you hurry after them, party forgotten, disgusted at your parents. You can't seem to find them, but as you pause on the curb to check your phone, you find one from your SO, denouncing you and your parents as a bunch of maniacs, condemning your family in the harshest words possible and dumping you in the process. Heartbroken, still disgusted with your family and their beliefs, you realize how much those beliefs you never took stock in have cost you. Trigger."
"Everyone always asks about your adoptive father, he’s a corporate hero who originally took you on as a publicity stunt, but over time gave you the home you needed until you eventually moved out. Whenever someone sees your last name, officially his cape name as part of the stunt, they immediately saddle you with these expectations of greatness. “Can you fly?” “Does he ever show up and roast steaks with his eyebeams?” The truth is you’re just a person who wants to be left alone, you spent your entire teenage years in the spotlight and they’d left a burn. You’ve slowly been making your way in the world as an artist working mostly on commissions, but after an ill-advised voice chat, someone figured out who you are and told everyone. Your inbox being flooded by people asking questions and digging on you, you trigger out of sheer embarrassment as the life you spent so long making is ripped away by a few spoken words."
"You and your significant other are cave divers, finding an immense pleasure in exploring dank, dark underwater caverns. At some point the two of you even gain a bit of niche fame in the cave diving community, and sometimes get offers to speak at small diving schools. On one such occasion, you go to give a talk alone while your partner is exploring a cave system in a different state. Fast forward to a few days after you get back, and your partner has been dead almost since the hour you left to go give the talk, trapped in one such dank cave system. Feeling it’s your responsibility to retrieve their body, you head in after them with thirty minutes of oxygen. It only takes you 10 minutes to find their body, diving lines tangled up around their corpse and nearby rocks in a clear struggle. You attempt to free their cadaver, but it’s a long and difficult process. Eventually you realize you only have 10 minutes of oxygen left and need to start heading back, but you can’t; you remain and attempt to free your partner in a manic frenzy. Eventually you run out of oxygen and begin suffocating, but you still attempt to free them. After a short while the lack of oxygen causes cerebral hypoxia, which results in hallucinations as you thrash around in a blind panic, drowning in your partner’s underwater tomb. Trigger."
"When your sister was born, the umbilical cord cut off her oxygen for a long while. She was born without a heartbeat and recusitated shortly after. Everyone talked about how she was such a miracle in surviving, but the reality was that she was mentally disabled. Her being around made everything so very hard, from eating to sleeping to finding time for yourself. When you joined junior high (7th grade), you thought it was all over when your sister tried kissing/slobbered on a guy in your grade a week into classes. You pretended you didn't know her, and chased her off. You spelled your name differently, you made up a family, and somehow got into the group of cool kids. Everything was fine for so long, but a 7th grader isn't very good at lying, and the lies came tumbling down - your sister came to greet you after school, shouting your name in that voice of hers, and it was like a nightmare. Someone asked her who she was, and she called herself your sister. In your shock, you could barely refute it. All the cool kids were staring at you, looking disgusted. Your social life for junior high and high school, utterly destroyed."
"You've got a good job in an apartment building, you've got a few responsibilities but most of the time it's just about being there in case anything happens. Among the things you do have to do, however, is take out the trash a few times a week. It started out alright, all you had to do was drag the full bins outside so that the garbage truck can collect them. Sure, sometimes someone left a trash bag next to a full bin even though there were empty bins a few steps away, but no big deal. Then people got lazier and lazier, and now you regularly find piles of trash bags next to the first few bins while all of the bins at the back of trash area are empty. Sometimes you even find trash piled on empty bins! You've sent word to the director of the complex and they've told you they would do something about that, but the piles of trash keep getting bigger as more and more bins are left empty. One day you open the door to the trash area and find yourself face to face with a wall of trash blocking the entrance completely. In a fit of frustration and anger, you kick the bags, swearing all the while, too caught up in your own indignation to notice the tower of garbage about to collapse on top of you. Buried in filth, pinned down and unable to move your limbs but mere inches, and faced with the option to breath in the vilest stench you've known or asphyxiate, you trigger."
"Being a parahuman is *awesome* - You're living the high life, and your brother's the man who made it all happen. As a Trump with the ability to bestow powers, you're the logical target for his gifts...Until it all goes wrong. Maybe it's envy, creative differences or just sheer spite, but he's making you jump through hoops to get his power...He's got you hooked, and he knows it. Something has to give, and the moment you've been dreading comes far too soon: You reach for the power, as you have dozens of times before, and he says no. There's nothing you can say to change his mind. Nothing you can *do*, even - And yet you can't go back. You've had it all, and now it's gone forever. Trigger in a haze of jealousy, dread and terror."
"You lost your leg in a car accident and met your spouse on your road to recovery. They were a nurse and the two of you were absolutely obsessed with each other for different reasons. You thought they were attractive, kind, and funny, but unbeknownst to you, they were a devotee, someone who is attracted to disability. They were domineering rather than nurturing. Now nearly recovered from the accident, you find that they're frustrated by the fact that you can move with a prosthetic. They cripple you, no longer a doll they can play with, pushing you down the stairs. With a broken leg and a concussion, you wake up in the hospital, and with aphasia, you're unable to find the words to reject their now stomach-churning affections as they coddle you, propping you up and spoon-feeding you soup in pure ecstasy. Trigger."
"This is your job, it’s simply triage after this attack, this Endbringer attack had been particularly grisy compared to the other less exceptional incidents you’d helped with. Still, it was the least you could do to help with your EMT and search experience, and you’d hope someone would do this if you were caught in this carnage instead. Then you happen across the body, a villain you recognize, one that was definitely not a minor force, completely impaled from shoulder to thigh by a piece of debris. You decide to move on after marking the black tape, they’re surely dead, but before you get out of earshot you hear them faintly wheeze out a cry for help. This person has killed, destroyed lives, but they’re asking you for help, and you came here to save people. It would be so easy, moving them at this moment would kill them, undo any of the evil they’d inflict on the world after this. But this is a human life, you could call them in and they could be saved with that crazy hero that’s here specifically for this. But how many people would that kill, just because you don’t want to feel guilty? In a battle between what the right thing to do is, the villain starts bleeding out in earnest while you fight yourself. Trigger."
