Howdy!
Everything transitioning smoothly?
Biking to the library, back in a trice.
Too chool for scool.
We should get Blushy and Dashy in here.
Do they have nice lunches?
Hm! I just remembered I have lunch in my backpack!
Lucky day.
How's the transition going so far?
Awesome.
No A&Ws where I live.
Have fond memories of Tim Hortons from my trip to Toronto a few years back. The donut holes were very tasty.
Went to a Tim Hortons in the thick of Manhattan just a few months back, was sorely disappointed.
what fast food place is common in your area, Vern?
At the Manhattan Tim Hortons? A honey cruller and some sort of snack sandwich IIRC.
I love doner. Wish we had more here in the south.
we're missing a lot of good food here. I have to drive 3 hours or so to get good Japanese or Ethiopian food
Think so, yeah.
I remember having really really fantastic salmon in Vancouver
Made me pretty adamant about living on the west coast when I get older
Dolmades are a favorite
I tend to favor eastern cuisine, wherein the seasonings and spices generally take precedence over the cooking process
Not really saying one trumps the other, moreso the choice of emphasis
Oh, Saff started working at an Outback esque restaurant lately
When I went to pester her I got a 16oz ribeye. Was a lovely day
My sandwich cheese is usually provolone, but I like white cheddars as a snack or with fruits
well, I bought the steak >.>
feta goes atop pizzas and salads for me. it's a bit strong by itself
I started growing blackberries a few years back. They're a little sour for eating plain but they make a very tasty vinaigrette
Howdy, Lune
I have no objection Gundor.
I think it's a good thing actually.
Good for archiving power gens as reference, as well as for clarity's sake.
How's the mechanism behind logging? An automated thing? A boy dedicated to collating logs?
*bot
Tho I guess you could enslave someone
I am the boner of my sword
Not really feeling it Vern
I would be more partial to Romance of the Three Kingdoms. But even then it wouldn't tickle me enough to play
I am not the fondest of "AU" type things sadly
Botbot looks good, Gun.
just watch sengoku basara Vern :P
not a big fan of crossovers, pal
I like Berlin
That's a pretty succinct summary of my thoughts Non.
Out of all of the non Earth Bet WD variants, Supreme Earth is probably the one I want to see in play
Epoch is neat, but it doesn't tickle me as much as some of the others
That was remarkably well put together. Very cohesive.
I feel blessed today.
Link me, Shem?
Good lord.
Here you are, Orc.
Fixing that now.
I'm getting some free time again! One of my two projects is reaching a conclusion.
Howdy, Bow.
New rulebook, eh?
Hey apoc, tubes, gimme a write up for Wyvern's power and I'll make a tinker table for it.
I added two new tinkers to the Example Tinkers doc.
Alcatraz and Coup d'Ètat.
I was stuck in a rut
I think I pigeonholed myself trying to base it off the Drugs doc
Need to make summaries for those two tinkers
bit not obvious what their specialties are
geams
regenerating ablative armor
(deceased elder brother, biokinetic brute, went by Bastille, iirc?)
for an in-town player, yeah
some new blood in the tabletop club on campus, figured i'd introduce them to worm and wd
I'm taking a backseat here, genning npcs and powers
Happy pillaging!
I didn't know you Epoch character was a pillager, to be honest
It's hard to keep track
I only really keep up with Grantsville these days cause of time constraints
Grantsville is great to read. I keep saying this but much kudos, Tell.
hehehe not quite as much
my work schedule is winding down though. I spend a lot of time just waiting on simulations to finish running
Howdy, TTM.
OK! Sunday is good for me.
How can I help with your query?
There is a game of Ledyard going on, if that's what you're asking about
Two in fact!
underscore discrepancy!
I would 'reeee' but such an act is below me
is that a Jojo reference
I like this stranger power. Seems mechanically fun to play.
yep.
Tower of Babel
Hey, thanks.
Reading as we speak, Bow.
Typo, "four is xemplary"
Looks fantastic thus far.
Very concise, good examples
Don't mind the specificity of the grapple chart but can think of some people who would prefer it more free-form?
Personally I much prefer this format
Could provide a less granular substitute for the loosey goosey GMs amongst us
The grapple table makes me want to play a character that grapples so I would call it a success
Olive, that seems a little over specific to me.
now here's a question
can unregistered users receive PMs from registered users
being so specific with what you can do by grappling is a little intense I think
you have to have a pretty high ranking grappler martial arts to do something with that much Percision I feel
i'm thinking of like jujitsu as my example here
sorry for the weird words and stuff I'm using a dictation software
got any beans to spill on the post Grantsville campaign?
because I am starving for some beans
to be spilled
 not yet
i'm just an impatient person
A singular legume, tell
that's all I ask
The PM issue, Pink?
Damn.
Alabama! My beautiful home.
I was a big fan of Helena too. Hope to see its eventual rebirth someday
Also feels a little, hm, mathematically pat?
*yo-yos
Well, you did "heh".
Hmm. Surely I must have a "you bastard" GM moment
I hope to do so! Once this damned furnace repair job I should have more time!
hallo
u gonna get fukt up Scrags
Is that mount & blade? :P
Yehaw
Wasted so much hours on that mod haha
I'm in it for the sick lannister dosh tbh
but lorewise I favor the Greyjoys
You guys might like this.
Markov chain of 4 words drawn from used triggers, referencing the 4 word interlude
cashy is resting now
dont believe so OB
I'm there rather frequently and it's a high population city that I'm reasonably familiar with
hey Wyvern
I have completed your Tinker table
i've temporarily put it under the alias of Fugue
check the table of contents
Woldbiw
no ding dongs here
this is a safe place
Oh hello, Mr. The Beast.
Say, aren't you supposed to be in school?
Ah. Get well soon!
I see.
o7
GMing a power that influences areas outside the immediate area of the campaign setting is a pain in the ass
Morning, Wildbacon.
!search sex toy
!search shia
The two greatest taboos
!search Anti
!quote 190
I much prefer pacific fish, yes
Vern, do you need Tinker tables for any Berlin PCs?
Awesome
sure, go for it
Mhmm
Teruzi|GM: My stand is "Final Countdown", which is a slightly more thematic ripoff of Chrono's power in Oakland
Shoot someone w/ laser, analogue timer is tattooed into their skin
Very JoJo
That being said, fuck Gantz
Ah, only saw a few episodes
You think it's worth giving the print version a shot, though?
I hear it's pretty lengthy
Is a back bitch like a side hoe?
Remember how I said you looked like a dude I knew?
I'm in a club meeting w/ him right now
For fuckin' goddamn weeaboo shit.
Heh.
I'm running the Little Cup gym for the convention my university runs this upcoming spring
Anyone want to offer some input on the NPC generator?
Not a damned clue.
I'm using the IRCcloud client on my phone, using my data plan.
Not unless otherwise specified.
e.g., Squealer's tinker table specifically features the "Hijack" option, co-opting other Tinkertech to be incorporated into her vehicles
Since it has to be explicitly stated, I'd say that it's not the norm
Most Tinkers have a 'scan'/'research' option, which can derive inspiration for future projects, cutting down research time.
Hey, Tell, I ran into a bit of a sticky patch with the log formatter.
It seems that the 'multiple players should be separated by a comma' function is giving me a spot of trouble.
Want me to send you the logs?
I can get Mega or Saff, but not both, it seems.
And thank you!
Ah, that was the problem.
I feel kind of silly, now
Thank you, Tell!
And yeah, I was rereading the AQ logs because Saff is rewriting all of Queen's sessions into actual narrative.
That was a really great session.
I'm not entirely certain, myself.
Saff has expressed her intent to continue, but is held back by her job and her schoolwork.
I'll let you know, Mega. She's currently writing the events leading up to and including the trigger, so it may be a while, however.
Barring extenuating circumstances, I intend on retaining Mendez as the director for Cleveland 2, as well as the timeskip
Bow's suggestions
Overture was a victim of PVP, of sorts, but who else?
Which campaign was this?
Ah, gotcha.
I'd probably upgrade it to some really nasty blackmail on certain parties within the city.
That was old luck, yeah?
I felt like having blackmail on multiple parties was more thematic, given the nature of your character
I mean, following the timeskip, it seems logical to assume that Khandhas has accrued a large amount of dirt
Could be a combination of that and "X organization in the city owes you a favor"
Yeah, he did.
Mmm, not sure yet, I'm estimating to early 2011
Yeah, he built an organization based on his philanthropic code of conduct, leverages favors owed for influence and resources
I'll keep you all filled in, as far as what transpires over the timeskip
Mmm, more like one arc ended, and I'm timeskipping before beginning the next arc?
Speaking to the meatspace players, a lot of them are considering joining the Blackjack ranks solely for the sake of "gee, not sleeping sounds incredibly utility"
Which, to be fair, is a perfectly valid line of reasoning
More or less, Emp.
I'm hoping to give the NPCed veterans opportunities to offer input on their characters' actions.
Can't serve under a man you can't backstab, can't backstab a man who never sleep.s
Fantastic.
Actually, Mega, while you're still around - Sentinel's performance in the 14K attack was, frankly, a debacle, and his use of Beholder to facilitate his own assault on Auswahlen was very much so /not/ cleared by superiors.
Queen and Wink offer two sides of the protag coin, I feel.
You have valid reason to let him go, from a performance standpoint, as well as the fact that his tinkerings might be an unwanted expense in the now unpleasantly depleted budget.
Your call on that front, I can offer you a list of available transfers.
Or, leave the slot open, try to scoop up an as-of-yet unclaimed cape
Don't believe so?
Turf is good for Blackjack right now, but funds are a little tight. The stoners that stuck around as batteries kinda bite into the budget.
Did I say that? I didn't mean it, if so
Oh, Jiangjun
No, he's gone
Sorry, thought you were talking about Sentinel still
Very swift decapitation of the HT while all others were distracted in the forest
Of significant note is the fact that he was entirely worthless during the 14K's assault on the protectorate, Guzhang being present and all
He was still getting into the "one-liner villain" phase at that point, heh.
Hey, welcome back, SCG.
In today's Grantsville session, "Get Fucked By Scarfman"
!roll 1d6
Huh. Something's up.
I didn't really tangle with any of their powerful capes, that being said
But you get a good grasp of how they operate
Mm, a bit, yeah
Morning, pelt.
Yeah, 20-30 minute power naps are the way to go, if you're pulling consecutive all-nighters.
Howdy, Olive
Cleveland-wise?
I'm good for now, but I'll have some stuff for you soonish.
Thanks! Though credit goes to Vern
That was a very well-written/well-paced session
Two PC Tinkers, soulpelt|class, one of which is eyeing Wink
As far as GMs for Ledyard goes?
Let me know if you want me to run Xeg or Wyvern. I may be more predisposed to GMing Tinkers, and after this presentation today my schedule should be a lot less demanding.
soulpelt|class, Tinker in question is Alcatraz (see Tinker document for current avail. builds)
Just gotta Be Spelunkin'
Howdy, Mega
Nothing much. Just getting a presentation prepped for today
Sees a future/past ghost of himself?
That's a kooky precog-esque power and I like it
Morning, Tell.
New version is in the works
No mechanical changes
Just reads better, much tidier, etc.
Very big improvement, I'd say
shucks, guys
Howdy, Wildbough
Could be both, simultaneously
Horror porn and food gore
I had entirely too much fun with the Borgata dinner sessions
I died in Berlin because I tried to knife a dude with a semiautomatic pistol :P
I maintain that the cocaine in my eyes was a BUFF, thank you very much
Why couldn't Sura triggered as Snowflame or whatever
Cocaine Portals
I'm not very good at negotiating working relationships!
Ba-dun-pshht.
The $npc function designs characters
As per its definition
What's going down, Vern?
what's new?
I'm back.
Char, you needed me?
Hey, soulpelt| - are you around?
Wbow is the only one who really does vial gen
i am going to bed later and later these days :0
grmmrrgle
hrrrblgle
i have been defeated
a combination of various factors, all of them pleasant individually, but lethal in tandem
I haven't tried that before, actually, but it seems as if it'd appeal to my sensibilities
Dependent on the quality of the food
You're getting colder
You will learn :)
Mind linking me the new rulebooks?
Thanks, OB.
Larceny
Petty Crime
Combat skills are relatively high priority.
Brawl, Dodge, Accuracy, the like.
Personally, I'm fond of Command
Y'all should convert some of the more iconic Weaver Dice PCs/NPCs into that format, for posterity and examples for new players.
Could someone also link me the Drugs document?
Booty Trap, Blue Bomber jump out at me immediately, as far as PCs go.
Aurora Le Fay, for NPCs.
Molotov, too, I'd say.
Spade is a maybe, the reason I'm on the fence is that his power might (?) be tough to define per the Playtest Capes power summary format - same goes for Memnzy.
Mhmm. Only Cleveland PCs/NPCs thus far.
Uh, PCP is really cheap, Char.
It's one of the easier drugs to produce.
Maybe someone's taking advantage of their customers.
You also have to consider the volume being moved.
That's nutty. If people are actually biting, that person is making a /killing/.
If you purchased $100 of PCP on proper street pricing, I feel like that'd be a guaranteed overdose, if imbibed all at once.
Then again, I imagine most of the people you interact with are relatively affluent, PC, so it makes sense if the prices are inflated.
I spent a while in Mobile, which has kind of skewed my economic sense of drug pricing.
I was looking up local prices for Cleveland, for 8-balls of coke, and had to double-check.
In an ideal world, drug prices could vary by location, but it sort of overcomplicates matters unless the GM wants to take research into their own hands.
I like what you've done with the session summaries for the Grantsville document, Tell.
If you guys want to sneak a peek, Saff snuck into the Cleveland timeskip with a new character.
#WDCleveland, for those interested.
Yeah, architecture is back to working condition.
Natural trigger granted mutation - skin continuously exudes dark fog, similar to Grue's ability, sans debilitating effects.
Giga is still onboard.
TGK is very much his own man.
Now that the debacle is over, he's actually managed to draw some capes to his banner, people who have been affected or inspired by his philanthropy.
Yeah, he could probably fix Kusakabe's voicebox.
Kickflip is gone.
Beholder is also gone.
Beholder, upon graduating the Wards, was snatched up by the precog division of Watchdog. The formal letter requesting - well, forcing - the transfer, basically amounted to "Cleveland is a smouldering wreck. Her abilities will be better used by us."
Bears is the fear Thinker, who is definitely not yours.
You have SnowGuy
Haddon grudgingly acknowledges the favor, and intends to repay it at the earliest possible juncture.
Saff|Cwn - I'll have to go in 1hr10mins, approximately, but I'll be free for most of tomorrow to wrap up in the (likely) event that I'm not able to conclude things here today.
Invictus's sessions were an absolute thrill to GM.
Merry Times At Waffle Hut
Here you are.
Sure.
I have most of them tidied up, however.
Here's the first one, for good measure.
Oh, whoops.
Thanks, Mega.
I'll fix that.
Saff|Cwn - I'm going to grab dinner now.
Might give me some extra time to work with.
I'm partial to both the basement confrontation with Doubledown and Freezerburn as well as the fight against the various Case 53s.
I also love the raid, and the Wards vs. Auswahlen.
Anyways, be right back going to get a bite to eat.
Oh, yeah. Fuck, that was a good session.
Urgh
IRC cloud just shit the bed for me
snrrrghgbrll
thanks, tell
shame, that
how's it hoppin'
Figaro should go into the WD NPC manual.
That's the one where dashy says a random nationstates quote?
Err, motto
Like Bow's list of playtest capes, but for WD NPCs
Still got some tricks up his sleeve?
Good mornin.
Back.
Someone on the parahumans subreddit was asking for examples for how certain systems mechanically handle fight scenes, so I'm plugging WD and linking a few fight scenes from Cleveland.
Pelt - gotta eat lunch, pay bills, etc. first. Also continue Saff's session from yesterday.
Oop, fixed the link.
Here's another good'un, Twonk.
Brb, again, lunchtime
asssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss54rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk,mmmmmmmmmmm
mmmmmmk,
Oh, sorry, no, a cat came by and trampled on the keys.
I feel as if I've seen this before.
There's also some pronoun flip-flopping in the earlier part of the trigger.
Reads like something Bow would write, save for that discrepancy.
You should write some second-generation triggers for the Sovereign Academy players.
You should slow down and take it easy.
There's no reason to rush - better to get finished a little later than half-ass things.
You could ask for help re: bot commands instead of trial and error, buddo.
For babbies
:P
I don't actually know the context of calling you a babby, Vern.
What's up?
If your Siegfried and my Siegfried got in a fight, Vern, who would win?
Striker ability channeled through a totem,  superheats the totem. Brute designation scaling somewhat with ambient heat.
#2 and #3 numerically, or #2 and #3 as far as the spreadsheet rows?
Au contraire
Loved every moment of it, can elaborate if desired
Saff is taken, you mongrels
hellofriends.exe
Still, ain't the place for such things
I do love the new in channel rolling feature though.
Snek
Sneeq
hue
Rekt
Nothing yet. Basically ask Jeff to open the door or open it yourself.
I'm in the camp of keeping the amount of skills low.
Pryce.
yo
busy atm
gimmie a sex
*sec
you're one of a kind, Dol
aye. busy at the moment
@ soulpelt|Wink - Frostfury
busy, they're also not on site presently
o7
which session are you talking about Scg
like I said send me your schedule and I'll let you know when a good time to run Havoc is
sorry for the choppiness of this message I'm currently using a dictation
 software
you're correct sold out
soulpelt
>.>
sellout is spelts new nickname
'twas good
Using your extra time awake to bump up the command skill?
aw, yeah, i need to finish that up
oh, roger.
shout at me tomorrow if ya free
having supper at the mo panth, apologies
yipes, after dinner i'm outtie. got to watch a movie w a pal
I need all the help I can get Scrags. With carpal tunnel like mine, doing it myself is a foregone conclusion
Hunh. IRCcloud should be permalogged on, on my lab computer.
I hope one of my overnight simulations hasn't crashed it.
Nope.
But I haven't for a while, and leaving the browser client open on a computer permanently generally solves the inactivity issue.
As it has for the past week and a half.
You cheatsteak.
You cheesesteak.
Glad to see the NPC generator is getting some love.
I'll be working on shoring it up even more.
Hmm. What do you mean by soonish?
I have an obligation in about 2 hours to fulfill.
rip pelt
who/what are we generating for?
ah
Shurima.............
#memes
Agreed, OB.
Zip is the type of player I love to have.
I miss that bastard, hope he returns to civilization sometime soon.
He's still alive, but still in the middle of bumfuck nowhere.
Not entirely certain.
Yes?
Madness-inducing White Noise Strangers sounds good to me.
2) Enters intangible breaker-state, Katamari-Damacy environmental debris/material until sufficient corporeality is acquired
What's A-M stand for, soulpelt|A-M ?
Oh, the switcheroo Breaker/Brute twins?
Ikaruga?
I dig the reference.
I'm liking this power.
Tinker is predisposed to designing personal devices for the purposes of espionage, subterfuge, and misdirection - their technology has a wide range and variance, but their shard leverages knowledge regarding miniaturization and concealment such that the items of specialty tend to mimic ubiquitous or unobtrusive objects, or are otherwise predisposed to evade
attention.
Somewhat broad.
Could do with a dollop more specificity, I think.
If you detonated a payload of thermite within Fog's Breaker state, I suspect they would be staggered
That's maybe a little excessive
I always felt it was more like "slam dunked to the point where you're rather disoriented"
To which line of conversation do you require more context for, Bow?
I'd say that the Tinker's power can be leveraged offensively pretty easily, but given the focus on miniaturization and concealment, there won't really be much oomph or raw power.
No sticking a Sidewinder missile in a glasses case.
Bel, at some point when you're on I'll probably run some Dags stuff, so I can get a handle on how he boogies during the timeskip
Not tonight, Bel, I'm well tuckered
But sometime soonly
Bond-esque gear was the analogy, IIRC
I can probably whip up a table for it tomorrow, see how you guys feel it fits
Ready whenever.
Be all smooth and suave and banging the romantic interest but also carving out schematics for the next project into the headboard with their Super Precision Laser Pen
!search shia
Togetic knows what you whack it to, Panda.
!roll 5d6 Favor
_roll 5d6
:0
Which logs, Mega?
panda
!search goblin
!search cucked
Ahura Mazda is evocative, but not necessarily requiring of a duality theme
It's broad enough to where I could see a variety of powers being suitable, e.g. some wide-scale clairvoyance with some sort of gimmick
Go ahead.
Not all of them are completed yet, but one moment.
Here's what I have thus far.
If you have any requests for certain logs to be cleaned up, just link them to me via PM and I'll take care of them later today!
Eat some frozen pizza rolls.
Let them slowly defrost in your mouth.
Bel, if you're still on in about 1.5~2 hours, I'll be free to run Dags for you. Gotta grab lunch and swing by the library real quick, first.
Possibly? I'm uncertain as to how this will unfold
Here you are.
Punching is more fun than magic like, ninety-five percent of the time, so don’t pretend you also wouldn’t punch a mage to death if you were a Kung-Fu Lich.
I'm pleased the generator is getting some love.
The Ogler
Yeah.
Howdy, Tell.
Howdy, Bel.
I'm in the lab and ready.
Ping me when you're good to go.
#WDCleveland for spectators.
Nickname for Robert Tanner, unpowered detective for HPIA.
Or was it Allegheny? I may have misremembered
!search dame
Unbelievable.
Khandhas was played by Firlz.
Not at the moment, Bel.
Uh, possibly? I don't like to think that far into the future
Scraggles, are you up for some Havoc?
Damn my schedule and yours
She hasn't relogged since the kickban, I believe.
Nothing as far as hard evidence goes. The guy's a small-timer, tends to go with the flow, take the easy way out. Pretty easy to extort, threaten, bribe, or otherwise coerce, though his tenure in the Borgata may have changed that.
Heh.
That was a well-crafted jest, apoc.
The latter. We can get to the meat of the mystery sooner.
Ball's in your court, Bel.
Get you further in the mindset of a wannabe B-list detective.
Remind me again, Bel, what do you know about Maia thus far?
Game ongoing, PC, vehicular trouble/saboteur discussion elsewhere, amigo
Firlybird, there may be opportunity for a Dags/Khandhas discussion in the near future, keep eyes peeled
Mmm, given Dags' predisposition twds Blackjack, it's a maybe
Depends mostly if he gets what he wants out of this interaction?
Beholderstuff is more or less tidied away. Graduated the Wards, immediately got poached by Watchdog's precog branch
Not that you're aware of. An estranged father, etc.
But not much detail regarding that.
do kindly refrain from referring to the other members of chat as bitches, Char
That's quite alright, Bel, I'll be around tomorrow
The NPC generator was in the midst of being fooled around with, yeah, but only problems would have occurred had you rolled a Tinker
No worries. I'm about to AFK myself
memeting
Hunh
digital DnD games have never been my style, tbh
The neverwinter franchise never tickled me
tho it looks pretty, this sword coast legends
howdi
What should I not be fooled by, Pink?
How lewd. Gnaw others discreetly, in PM format.
Here you are, Megafire and Olive
Should be fine, Vern.
Wednesday, around a similar time to this?
hrm. not yet.
Tell me about your pal's Cleveland impressions!
As a GM I thirst for feedback.
Light/lightning form Trump/breaker
Eating cookie dough and jerking it?
oh
yeah this is a little bit too broad even for roulette Trump
could do it a little bit more of a motif
well you know
i'm all out of cookie dough
wiggles eyebrows
still a very heavy Trump theme from the power I suspect
breaker would do well I think
agreed on Trump two as well
in the context of the NPC generator, tell, what do you say that it would be a master one or master two
i'd focus in on the latter, myself
surrogate father projection ayy
too pat tho
I dig the split Breaker suggestion
I quite like it
A man can laugh in the comfort of his friends and companions on an IRC channel.
We're not the Fun Police here.
Keep chuckling, Pelt.
Defend your liberties.
Keep chuckling!
Looks like a good power summary, Mish.
Am I the only person here that likes getting flaws? >.>
Type '$life flaw'
Okay, impartial judge, who shot first?
Me, or Tell?
Much obliged, pardner.
And is therefore justified in killing me?
I've always wanted to be Greedo.
Just stack up those life flaws, baby.
Hmm, how does a young-ish kid of a superhero get hooked on coke?
Weed isn't a stimulant.
There's a separate life flaw for that.
I like the former.
Thanks to Saff and Zipper, I have an uncomfortably large knowledge of drugs and their manufacture.
Saff played Amphetamine Queen, if you'll recall
pastebin.com/u/Antioch_Orontes
Here you are, OB.
Lumi and Char may be discussing Conmissum in secret.
Snecret.
Sword of Doomocles
Minneapolis is abandoned, IIRC. Uncertain about Charlotte.
Oh, Tubes.
Just letting you know, I'm running Ledyard for RedWyvern tomorrow evening.
I did. I'll take care of that this afternoon.
Got around it
Need some aftermath from you tho
Oh, I just saw your intent to run some sessions Thursday or this weekend, Wildbow. I'm available to continue my Lausanne session on any of those days.
I'm a tad booked up for the week, Tuzi, but if you schedule something for me next week I will modify my schedule to account for it.
This is a really helpful document. I have some ideas to modify the Stranger section of the NPC generator because of it.
August Prince would be a good example of a canon Master/Stranger.
It ain't Berlin if someone bites the dust in a sudden and anticlimactic manner.
Err, if someone doesn't bite the dust.
Awww, Mish, you shoulda let other people puzzle it out.
Face scars! Enjoy!
It's a beautiful day outside.
GMs are running, dicebots are rolling...
On days like these, players like you...
Oh, you wanted a recording of my audition monologue using that speech, didn't you, Vern?
Shem - not that I'm aware of.
Here, now you can make your own.
I can put them in the Active Projects document, but don't have edit rights over any of the others.
The cathedral, or the safe house, Char?
Well then!
You feel your sins crawling down your back.
You feel your sins weighing on your neck.
Don't forget, you can invite Cashy into your channel and do the rolls in-house.
#GameDesign or #BlushyPlayground?
Transparency, Shem.
DM screens are for weaklings, charlatans, and liars.
Watch out for that shift between second-person and third-person, Eris|GM 
Is the Charlotte session over? I'm somewhat confused.
Favorite Weaver Dice cape name, shoot.
Eris|GM - if you want rolls in chat, you can always invite Cashy to your channel.
The command is '$join #WDCharlotte'.
The NPC generator has been updated to reflect the information provided by 'Bow's Stranger document posted earlier today.
More interesting Strangers should be generated, though the Flavor tag is still somewhat lacking.
I have some ideas, but they'll be on pause while I'm grading.
Neat power came out of the NPC gen.
2.5 hrs til my session?
I'll get some errands done in the meantime
o/
The relevant capes were dealing with Auswahlen, all of Sentinel's countermeasures got no-selled by Malfunction
You weren't too instrumental in the success of the operation- giving you the reins for that op was to try and enable a sabotage attempt on your part
Which is still feasible after the fact
Hence my intent to run you Sat. morning (Friday night for me)
Rend bitches spend money etc
I have some potential replacements for you. Gimme a few and I'll write them up
A lot of the meatspace players looked at the faction list and were enamored by the idea of eliminating sleep as a necessity
I was going to say "you can't ALL join blackjack" but I could hear pelt whisper in my ear, "yes, yes they can"
I still think valiant's power is so cool
might be a little biased as the creator :P
I found it interesting that more of my new players are more scared of conquistador
you say this as if she didn't already never sleep
there's a theoretical upper limit to the amount of people that we can keep charged up but it's rather high
If panth can pull off some spectacular sabotage, quickfix may yet live
I'm available.
Avoidance, denial, prolonged distress reaching a cumulative peak.
Tinker > Stranger > Master > Thinker > Changer
I'm totally fine with sticking with the first two.
Gives me an opportunity to flex my Tinker table muscles, and incorporate the Stranger data provided by Wilbur yesterday.
Oh, really? That's a shame
>.>
Ugh.
Hmm, could be more of a Master thing here
Master II, stranger bent
Deflection, avoidance, denial, delay of inevitable, isolation
I feel it's more of an emotion/mind Master than a minion Master
The isolation is rather self-imposed, you feel me?
Go listen to 'Exile Vilify' by the National, and make a power for this while listening to it
Heh
Panth is on to something here
Smoked salmon and eggs benedict on a toasted bagel, with capers
Best breakfast I've had in a while
I'm ready now, Vern
Disclaimer - I will have to nip out for 30~ish minutes and then nip back in, at some point
Possibly in 40 or so minutes
I'll try to be quick about it
No points, but a bit of rep
I also have a powered subordinate now, which is not bad
SHE SWEATS COCAINE
Mega, I feel like I do that overdescriptive thing on accident sometime
Seele, do you have a writeup for your power?
I'll create Tinker tables for it shortly.
Hunh, I wonder what I have for realname on this server.
It's a beautiful evening outside. Pigs are writing, flowers are blooming, etc.
You should steal Saff's meme team and put them in Dallas
I'm so sad, I drafted a free in to the meme team and I never got to sneeze on people
Sweet lord no
Insert "I think your fashion sense is the bomb" joke
A small squad of B-list superheroes, cape names based on memes, IIRC
Put them there so I can kill Feels Guy and Sad Frog
Heh, fair enough
Did Non make it through the move?
How was the movie, Dol?
srnrghlggl
brnghghll
mrraggh!
mrglelgl nrrgfhhggg Garrosh mbrbrbrbrbll
Despite getting the most sleep I've had in a while, I feel pretty out of it.
A bit. Math tutoring yesterday ran late, so I slept in, but allergies cut my sleep quality down.
A shower ought to help
:3c
:3c
boooooo
Those two are the only 5+ cape organizations
People are creeping in because there's unclaimed territory at the moment
yeah. nothing yet.
nay, not yet
afternoon, WB!
How goes it?
Oh? Looking into grad school this upcoming fall, Bel?
Got any places in mind?
Oh, okay. That's always a good plan.
You could always shoot for an assistantship.
I haven't been bored in weeks!
Working on Robo Leg has been a blast.
My double-transducer load cell design got the okay, we're machining it and implementing it in the prototype and using the load cell to gather some data on gait and stride, with my load cell capturing force and torque data as the leg does its walkin' thang.
Not really chill with making warmongering devices
Prosthesis, probably?
If you were to look at documentation of my previous and current work.
Yeah. The mobility-assistance brace I cooked up for stroke victims is like, three steps away from an exo-frame that helps soldiers carry heavy packs over long distances w/o effort
An earlier project I worked on made 3D printing drones w/ custom airfoil geometries a decent bit easier, Tell
Didn't really think about it at the time
Central Std Time
4:26 PM
Central standard in the American context
Greenwich Mean Time
Pelt, check this out
Heh. I love those students.
Half-hoping to get a sophomore fall/spring semester Engineering course
Howdy.
Some goodies for you to browse in the topic, if you haven't already.
Primary channel for Weaver Dice, the pen-and-paper (well, IRC format) RP system for the Parahumans 'verse.
Nip into #WDGrantsville if you want to spectate an ongoing game.
Shout at me if you have any questions.
Regrettably, I'm bad at most sports.
Dol has run Paranoia, I believe.
Be back in a few.
Will respond to pings, albeit slowly.
Skill granting or learning or stealing Thinker
Skill Thinker/Changer
Orc Cloud Breaker
Cloud of orcs
<Antioch> Orc Cloud Breaker
<Antioch> Cloud of orcs
Breaker?
Not difficult but the breaker powers genned all feel very one-note
@ Somecrazyguy - think Wilbur expressed intent on running this weekend
I didn't
Hmm. 1.5 hours from now?
Here y'are.
Should be accessible only to you.
Here y'are, SCG.
Panth, ready for Cleveland in, eh, 8~10-ish hours?
Nothing as of yet. I'll backfill you on the events of the jailbreak at session intro.
Looks fine to me, Scrags.
I'll be ready to run you as soon as I get out of my meeting.
I have no idea what you have planned, but I am psyched for it
Not that I'm aware of
#WDVancouver
Not quite yet.
Aww fair enough.
Just keep bugging me about it and eventually our schedules will align :P
Oh? Okay.
Let's get this show on the road, then, SCG.
Gimme dat Brawl, Scrags
!roll 1d4
!roll 1d6 guts
Gimmie an accuracy roll, Scrags.
!roll 1d6+1 dodgerino
!roll 1d6 gattsu
!roll 1d4
Gimme another brawl roll.
!roll 1d6 gatsu
Ah, another misread on my part
I'll reflect on my sins next round
Gonna have a late lunch after this session and eat five steaks
Mhmmm
Roll me Sneak or Subterfuge, your pick, Scrags
sneaky beaky
__
__
!roll 1d6 guts
!roll 1d4
Give me a brawl roll against the receptionist
!roll 1d6-1 dodge
!roll 5d6
Gimme a pure brawn roll, Scraggles
!roll 1d4+1
!roll 1d6 pguts
!roll 1d6 rguts
Brawn again, SCG
!roll 5d6 Guard guts, +1 to all
Roll accuracy for me, Scraggles
!roll 1d6-1 dodge
!roll 1d6
!roll 1d5
Armor
Semi-auto pistol, btw, you'll get two shots next round
Ah, didn't know you were aiming somewhere in particular
They've got helmets on as well, just so y'know
!roll 1d6+1 gattsu
this power is obnoxiously good for kiting
dogg
you have no limit to ports
the charges are strictly to make your explosions stronger
and to let your ball become a homing beacon of death
Gimme that brawl roll, bubmie
!roll 1d6+1 gattsu
!roll 4d6 the other officers
Gimme a doge
A dodge, even
!roll 1d6 Guard A
!roll 1d6 Guard B
Condolences, Vul
How important is having a car to you? Is there a job that requires a lengthy commute?
Getting by via. bike has been quite kind to me.
Roll me a dodge, scraggler
Ah, that'd be an issue, yeah
Roll me a brawlio
!roll 1d6+1 Aguts
!roll 1d6+1 Bguts
!roll 1d6-1 doge
!roll 1d4
!roll 3d6 otherguards +1
Gimme that wits/awareness, Scraggy
no, his car got totale
*totaled
it was real life
!roll 1d4
!roll 1d6 guts
Gimme that dodge, Scroogle
Uh
On second thought
Don't give me that dodge, Scroogle
Gimme a wits roll, Scrags
Virtuoso is unclaimed thus far
Roll me some of that good ol' sneak, Scragarino
!roll 1d6+2 I spy
Roll dex for grenade-snatchin.
noice
!roll 1d3
Roll me some athletiques
I figured there were more pressing matters ;3
!roll 10d10
Roll 1d10 for me, scrags.
!roll 1d3
Gimme a dodge.
yooo
well! that went far better than i expected
time for steaklunch
no prob
that fucking rep to
*tho
yeah, i love it
get some rest you crazy motherfucker
six steaks later
wheezes
"That chassis makes your butt look big!"
Sometime next week, probly
Hey, panth.
Ready to rumble?
Dale, which part of New York?
#WDCleveland, for the brave and foolish.
Just that they're getting out.
In their entirety, it seems - yours is bricked, in any case.
The recently acquired prisoners have not yet been put in the pens.
Never know 'til you try.
It is not.
panth_Guzhang - Sneak or Subterfuge, your choice
They were average. A bit tough, but a steak is a steak
Wait, what's that, Scrags?
Previous sesions?
*sessions
Ohh, gotcha
Nay, have a session scheduled with Wyvern tomorrow evening and the potential to play Lausanne sometime w/ Bow this weekend so I'm keeping meself open
four orbs
fourbs
A Thinker where you can't tell if it's their power or if they're BSing you is a lovely thinker indeed
I personally am a very big fan of Spade
Guts, Panth!
You're dazed - half action
retcon since i felt guilty for not giving panth the chance to stop the 14k via sabotage
JJ was ganked by 14K right during the aus fight
no chance to get in touch with Khan in the interim
JJ is a vindictive little shit who has to have the last word.
car battery died
oopsie doopsie
Oxta
Brawn, please, panth
They're not aiming for you because they've got bigger fish to fry
Shouting at the borgata to switch to knives kinda betrayed your affiliation
Scraggles done some dang ol' crimes
Dogg, inmate and guard alike triggered from that fuckin riot
The latter.
He's the hispanic dude in the van rn
still tied up
havoc managed
Shades n Queen go off to greener pastures
Might be open as a legacy option for Saff at a later date
Yeah, B was fun to gm but her power was not
sad to say
Memnzy was a great narrative device
Gristleding your way into a minefield
Apex and Cannon are in that list as well
F'sho f'sho
He ran overwatch for the auswahlen fight, got kidnapped, punched in the mouth a bunch, was rammed by a car, got into a fistfight with his arms bound
You can tell how done he was by the time he shot Guzhang as almost an afterthought
What kinda cape name is lemon
GJ panth! Well done on the betrayal and sabotage
I can log it tomorrow
thanks to based IRCcloud
On my phone so I can't link you at the mo, sadly
wowie, charlotte's been going on for a while
I have the logs tho
On my pastebin
I'll get things cleaned up... one day
Wink got the drop on a new cape with a very Invictus-y power today
They were well frightenes
*frightened
I feel like she does that a lot.
I've spectated a bunch of Charlotte sessions and I haven't seen a |||| yet.
I'm pleased as punch to be amongst the pantheon of "nice GMs to have"
Proth, scrags, also gms at some point
Proth GMd you for that fallout oneshot
Steve 'Tits' Phillips, iirc
Ah, here are the sordid logs
Toot toot
Panth got his 'fuck the 14k' session yesterday, Mega.
Not bad. Guzhang is dead
The anti-tech Shaker
Not yet, no
:3c
!search yamana
!quote 169
!search 103
!quote 103
!quote 190
!search cucked
Hey, RedWyvern - gimme a sec. Straightening out some car issues. Shouldn't be longer than 20 mins delay.
Okay, RedWyvern - ready?
Join #WDLedyard, RedWyvern
Oh, hey, Non
Been a while since I've seen you around
Hey, I like that flaw.
I like that mechanically and narratively, but I think it's among the few that I would have a tough time playing.
It's a good tough.
It's just tough for me specifically, because the 'shy' character archetype is one that I'm inexperienced with roleplaying.
What's the wall you're referring to, Tell?
Oh boyo! Grantsville.
Let Frederick Live
Go tobs, wo wo
Sorry I missed the tinker table request, tubes. Have spent most of the evening cleaning up the aftermath of a grease fire and trying to destress about it.
bleh
hopefully renters insurance will take care of the damages
How was the concert, Megafire?
Oh! Sounds like my kind of concert.
Say, Wilbur, I just remembered - you mentioned something about running Lausanne this weekend? It's a bit late, but would you be up for that?
:O
Did you know, one of my friends wrote fanfiction shipping me with another person back in my freshman year of college?
It was strange.
Yeah, kinda.
I vandalized wikipedia once.
I made a wikipedia page called 'List of fires not started by Billy Joel'
Mind if I put the Power Gen and Character Gen guides onto the active projects document, Nonagon?
Say, Bow, sorry for asking if it's too late, but do you think you're in the mood for some Lausanne?
Morning, folks.
_seen Belaris
__
Twonk's evil alter ego
Indeed. Things will be repaired shortly, though the deductible will sting.
>.>
I harbor concern for both you, and the GM that allowed this.
Not only am I a crochety old sourpuss, but I am a fearful prude as well.
^
I feel like the best (and only) well-executed 'skank' archetype WD PC is Caramelo
Booty Trap wasn't bad either, now that I think about it
Screen / Mistral?
I thought she was just a slightly flirty single mom.
Android, right?
Yeah, I have run an android analogue before
mean knife lady
darned shank missus
I would prefer Changer and Breaker, but Thinker is good too.
Shank is taken by a Tinker in Raleigh, IIRC.
Oh! Non! There is a Strangers document
Wait drat, nevermind, it's down
Apologies
You were the one who caused that, Char >.>
Mmm, Saturday, if anything
I'll let you know when my schedule gets more clear
What are you doing, Bel?
Heat Flamesman?!
Is Madrigold a portmanteau of Madrigal and Marigold?
Perfume knife mouse, dude.
Easy choice.
That's my new band name.
A 1/10 second trigger chance? O-O
Angel perk?
I, uh, don't see anything in the session that merited a second trigger.
Gimme some context?
One-way forcefield dome of configurable size
He's there
They tried to put me in rehab
I said no, no, no
Sick cartel action
panth - in process of editing
Mexican capes intending to be heroes trying to prove themselves to a higher authority, to get full Protectorate clout in their home country and thus funding and backup?
Would still need to figure out the flip side
What do the bad dudes have to gain from stirring shit up in Dallas
Mexican villains undermining the protectorate to deter the PRT from becoming further affiliated with the country so they can continue to operate freely
Oh?
_seen Apoc
Hey Wilbur. Hope you recuperate quickly.
A) Tinker tree is way too granular
Will give more criticism later
"More Legs, Large Legs", etc
An amount of golems that seem rather excessive, et cetera
There's not really a comfortable theme I feel
Too broad, certainly
^
back in a few
more relevant for endgame tinkers, shem
Mmm, don't like that idea, Shem
as far as notoriety goes, yeah
not really tied to your face though
oh, issat so
I would honestly prefer to see this treated as a minion master power
seems like it would be less of a headache
wound yourself, build a minion with semi variable statline, add one "mod" and one "weapon"
still seems pretty irritating to GM, but a reasonable improvement / simplification
as it stands the power is super vague, which lends itself to you coming up with this straight up unthemed menagerie of assorted creatures
if I wanted to run a dude who could build a superzoo i'd have to boil the power down to something much more configurable
or risk hours worth of squabbling over what you can or can't make
yeah, not restrictive enough
as it stands right now, parsecs away from a power i would be even remotely willing to GM
Here's the thing right?
This is your own character, yeah?
Right.
There's a reason the player has no fiat in making their own power
So let the GM or someone else handle the details
Rather than having them kludge through all this
Still, why are you doing things yourself
Still leery of considering this as a Tinker, honestly
Practice is all fine and well, but don't get your hopes up for using what you have in an actual campaign, I'd say
Mhmmm.
Well, again, I reiterate my point about the player having fiat
Or rather, no fiat
I'm judging this from a GM's standpoint
if you find someone willing to run it, good for you, and be it on their shoulders
best just to scrap it and let the gm handle the specifics
I would be hard pressed to be convinced to allow a power the player themself had edited / created
Bel is a more lenient man than I
The point of tinker tables is that the GM has to look at them far less than the player does. Once upon the creation of X item and from thereon could probably get by looking at the equipment sheet
it's giving the player options, not inundating the gm with extra mechanics
Bel, were you around for Tinker Madness?
I loved it, personally
Make a base statline. can be modified by grafts mebbe
See, the word technically is gonna be what makes me despise you as a GM
It's made it a lot easier on me, having a lot more control over the output of my players
But I know you tend to favor free-form
But are you fine with allowing whoever will run her to change her to fit their requirements and campaign?
The design never should have been in your hands, to be honest
You're saying that she's not overpowered as the player and creator
Right or wrong, there's bias
your point?
Why are you attached to this character?
Elaborate?
What are the things you have in mind, etc
Bleck
Character >>>>>>>>>> Power
I notice that wasn't your first answer though.
You spent lots of time developing the power
When a character personality, backstory, quirks, habits, mannerisms - a GM can't touch that directly
Priorities, priorities
still feels like the character concept was developed from the power
"this character would be cool controlling the golems"
fun, rather, i misquoted
The point is that if the GM scraps your power there's no great loss, because the core of the character is untouched
The point is that the character is the thing that the GM can't toss
uh, barring things that break rule 6 (?)
rule 3
oops
Congratulations are in order?
We don't group gen Cauldron anymore, in case you forgot
Nah. Cauldron gen is more or less hiatus'd while the system gets reworked, AFAIK.
Ehhh, for a given value of fine.
Go for it if you want, but it's helluva clunky.
Moderate, downgrades to minor with sufficient armor, IIRC?
Also, who are you genning a power for?
Busy with Lausanne, probably.
Okay, I think you should run the Cauldron selection as an RP.
Frankly, I recommend it.
It should help you improve on your narrative and dialogue heavy sessions.
@ SCG - Tinkers can 2nd trigger with non-tinker powers
Bow helped me cook something up for Jericho. He's probably still gonna die, but, there's a chance.
Mmm, Topiary? Are you mixing up second trigger with second generation?
Toppy is one of Scrag's capes, I figure he'd know already if that were the case.
I know, neither have I, which is why I asked the Baconator
It's a bitchin' second trigger, in all honesty, and I'm sad that he probably won't live to use it to its fullest.
Can PM you the details if you want
Yeah, he rolled 10% iirc
Angel perk
Best advice I can give you is to look at Squealer's tinker list
Sure, sure
I'm ready and prepared for it
o/
dawg I'm ready for the Big Bird to fuck me right in the brainpan
Oh, yeah, Non, I read that earlier. I like it, feels a little... familiar? But I can't place it
Either way, that's not a detriment, I think it's good as it
*as is
!addquote <Antioch> dawg I'm ready for the Big Bird to fuck me right in the brainpan
@OB - Most cars have a speed range on regular roads capped out at 120 mph (gross oversimplification, but i'm cool with that)
Speedsters are much more variable
Paying negative eighty bucks an hour?
Sounds like a steal indeed.
Hopefully you'll be able to get back in the game sometime, zip. Miss GMing you.
Synergy was a 'corporate' themed cape, a psychometric Thinker power granting him intimate knowledge of fears and how to leverage them.
On the subject of BR, where's BR?
_seen BR
Oh, he was here yesterday.
Gawrsh.
Yeah.
;P
Later, zip.
Oh, Mega, you want to do that thing?
Let's do that thing.
Mmm, don't believe so? We'll see.
_seen Belaris
Damn it, Dags!
There are dames that you need to moan about!
Hop in #WDCleveland, Mega
Hey, I really like that one, Non
Gives the player some wiggle room with their backstory.
The two thugs? Nothing much, sides they've both been hamstrung in one leg and one has a nasty cut on his face.
0.0 and 0.a, respectively
I vastly prefer how Bow approached it, though
Me? I cribbed a fuckload from the Battery interlud
*interlude
Damn, I'd have liked to see this kid in Sovereign.
What are you grinning for, laddie?
pffftt
I used grapple for a bit for Firlz's last session, but I played it more fast and loose
He told me what he wanted to do, we rolled, I consulted the tables for a little bit of inspiration, and it happened
Last two driving scenarios that came up were Scrags' "Driver Dan" character in the Rift Squaddies one-shot, and Shattershroud's chase scene, IIRC.
I get what you're trying to do, OB, but if you're wanting to make Driving fun, and a more attractive skill for other people to take, making it more complicated is definitely not the way to go about doing it.
Ooh, NPC skills.
That's not a bad idea.
I wouldn't mind a nice variety of cookie cutter mooks, squaddies, or pencil pushers..
*.
Nothing that I can think of, Mega.
Teamwork?
Are you thinkin' about Command?
Or just like a straight up new skill
Squad tactics and the like
Gotcha, yeah
I feel like Medical still has some place as a PC skill, but it does seem a lot more relevant for NPCs to take
But say you're a villain and you get your leg busted up and don't wanna go to the hospital or maybe even the Elite for help
Like Gristledinger's 1st sess
But yeah, I dig the teamwork skill
I feel like that gives PRT Squaddies the punch they need
They felt a little red-shirty to me before
So yeah, I totally dig it
Hahahaha
You jokester
I wanna see a sliding scale, Mish
Cop < PRT Squaddie < Dragon's Teeth sorta thing
That'd be tight AF
Afternoon, Tell.
How's it going?
!8ball Is Valiant currently available?
!8ball Is Valiant currently available?
Okay, sure.
I want to play a cape with a silly name and schtick.
Nah, like Large Ham silly.
Malus Malleus, or Rowdy Rodent. That kind of silly.
Jin can be both Chinese and Japanese, Char.
The two languages share many syllables and characters.
No, Panda!
You degenerate!
;P
You would not believe the newly installed security contingencies in the renovated prison facility, Pelt.
Try it if you dare. :P
my fucking sides
holy shit mish
achieve True Enlightenment
Hoo, that one's a really winner, Non.
Part of an afternoon and overnight.
Nice, nice.
The joke is that money is actually pretty hard coming, right about now.
Might be a tad slow to respond, here, whipping up a quick lunch.
One day when I have cash to burn I'll just randomly order pizza for people in IRC in a fit of whimsy
You'll have to be pulling from elsewhere, for the most part, unless you manage to pull in more funding within the next period of time.
There's funds, untouched, but they're specifically for the Wards.
You might be able to ask for an exception, diverting some of those to rehabilitating this guy.
Y'know how Bastard Son minions always mumble weird literary references pertaining to their power after they get brainwashed?
I want to be a Bastard Son minion who's really good with a frying pan.
:P
"I do not like green eggs and ham / I'll break your nose you fucking sham" etc.
Haven't seen Bel in a few, sad to say
if he doesn't show up in a week or so we'll run it without him
You could, or you could approach TGK directly, given that you've interacted in the past.
Ach, is Tell not around?
One week from current events.
Mhm.
Welcome back, Tells.
Nay, not that I can think of.
Back in a few. If the Bowman is ready to slam jam just give me a ping, yeah?
Roger roger.
<Antioch> dawg I'm ready for the Big Bird to fuck me right in the brainpan (at line 221)
<Antioch> dawg I'm ready for the Big Bird to fuck me right in the brainpan (at line 221)
I need a stiff drink.
I would have shit myself if he triggered lol
You shoulda just kept Gristledingin'
By the by, Bow, do you have the first half of the session?
I'd like to reread the full thing for maximum impact. 
Oh howdy Bel
Have some dame shit for you to handle
At some point
Ideally with both you and Firlybird around
Sure, sure
I might run a one shot for people I'm not familiar with, prioritizing people who aren't currently in campaigns besides, but I have room for two or three more players.
You guys are new to me, so I'll run a one-shot at some point to gauge your playstyles.
Also, time zones?
I'm generally available to run most evenings, 6 to 11 PM CST usually? I have a flexible schedule, as long as you can get in touch with me several days in advance.
Damn, I'm beat.
That Lausanne session took a lot outta me.
Wild from fucking start to finish.
Dawg
I locked some punk in an acid coffin of my own fabrication
Don't get on my level, but suck my dick while you're down there
;)
let's go, buddy
I actually can't
He's an admin, I'm an op
My hands are tied
Lmao
go to #blushyplayground
type !quote 1
and so on and so forth
Yooooooo
Good shit good shit
@Wildbow - Formatting on the log is A-OK, although a "Nonagon is now known as Nonagon|Sleep" snuck in there at the end.
Would be nice, if sad, to see TT beaten at her own game
Totes feasible
:v
homing clouds of cocaine
homing bowling ball
homing 73 snakes
just empty out a bucket of snakes
just fucking do it
your power works best in the scenario when you can acquire as much intelligence about your target as possible
bottle rockets
Mebbe, pelt. What do you have in mind?
Dunno about that one. Still trying to find my mojo for Vanc, figuring out where to move on from Scraggles's Big Ole Fuckbonanza
Feel free to shoot me your gala plans whenever though
sorry, was biking
can probably be backfilled
I got both PMs, pelt
Might just be on your end
Man, I don't know why more campaigns don't have PRT Director as a playable slot
It's helluva fun to GM
Hah, thanks
Pulled it out of my ass, in all honesty
The trigger didn't make Wink any less of a psychopath, it just made him more paranoid
Less willing to pull out all the stops and burn down a family of five without any forethought
Sneak is Ath
Are you sure?
Lemme check
I'll be damned
I rolled Ath for a sneak check yesterday
But the choice was to my detriment, so it goes
Hey, OB
I have a project in mind wherein you can channel your unquenchable lust for a hefty rulebook
Mostly teasing ;)
But, want to help put together a document for the ins and outs of playing and GMing a PRT director?
You mean like the Anchorage / Baltimore docs?
I'm thinking about working from there, but as it is right now they're a bit specific to the situations at hand, I think
Huh
Link me?
Not coming to mind
Whelp
Fuck me, it's already dune
*done
Scratch that idea
I might cobble together a GM supplementary doc
Ask Scraggles for his piece
Here, added a snippet at the end that should make it a little more panicky
Kind of shifts the tone of the trigger though
Looking at the PRT master reference, seeing the Squaddies category as TBD
Thinking about putting out some tentative templates from the Squaddie Quests that have been run thus far
Hey, Dol!
Hm, clever
Should implement that as a functionality
oh, bel, you want to do dame shit
baw
Hmmm
I b'leeve so
It's looking good thus far.
Flavor wise, I'm thrilled by it.
Mechanically, I'm weighing the incentives of a dubious reputation, but given that my Lausanne character is a de facto monster at this point, there is likely to be bias.
See, you try and be a trustworthy guy, play by the games, but you end up getting screwed by the Yamanas of the world, people who toe the line, push the envelope, undermine you as your own reputation stonewalls you from retaliation.
You can kind of extend the trusted v. dishonest analogy to the heroes v. villains analogy
As far as a risk versus reward thing
Trusted you play it safe, slow gains, but dishonest, you buck the trend, draw heat onto yourself, for immediate successes, permanent victories, leaving you open to justified retaliation
Thresholds, ticks, the line drawn between "untrustworthy fellow" and "backstabbing scumbag"
!roll 1d6+3
I cribbed a bunch from the Anchorage Villains Quest doc to make an administrative thing for Spelt's cleveland gang
it's pretty fun!
Vengeful vs. Forgiving?
Not worth going into specifics, I think
Ideally, the scales should work on all ends of the spectrum
guidelines help, shem
do any of y'all gms have been players who are in charge of a gang, etc
nix the been
I'm not sure I'm getting your point
Oh, that's nice
Grabbing dinner real quick, will be able to GM firlz/belaris after that.
Eta 45 mins.
Was a good session!
You've well fleshed out the three
characters
Here I am, back in Business.
Ready, Bel|Alex, Firlz|Khandhas?
No, I thought that was Eris / Scrags
Saff is playing a new cape, formerly Cwn Annwn, now Killhand
@Dol|GM - One problem I may foresee with Portlant
*portland
I'm going to run out of pasta jokes REALLY fucking fast
Not you too, Wilbur
Oh, Bow - if you're not too busy, mind if I have a moment of your time?
!roll 1d6+1
!roll 1d6
!roll 1d6+3
!roll 1d6
A bowment of your time, if you will
Oh, that's my fault, then, Firlz.
I assumed that you were ripping him off.
We'll proceed with no deviation then
I'm really glad I can make a campaign that people are getting this invested in.
It's satisfying.
You've made good strides thus far.
All the characters are personable, unique.
Even spaghettiman.
No, Haddon is at Fairview Hospital, Firlz
He's better, slated to return by evening
Mother?
Snrrk.
Some detective you are.
I'll advise against it
The blonde woman doesn't look /that/ old
You can walk in whenever you want to, Firlz
Though this might be a bad moment
My image is a mirror flop of that layout
Snrrk.
This is turning into a funnier scene than I could have imagined.
Heh.
Oh, mind moving this to #Gamedesign?
Got a game going on right now.
!search dame
Snrrrk.
I've been waiting for this payoff for, like, four months.
Heh.
Too bad you can't enjoy the liquor proffered.
delicious
Nice White Cat
OK, game ongoing, take off-topic chat elsewhere.
3rd day in a row I've had to give that warning.
Actually, that's your fourth warning in three days, and I'm only counting incidents where you've specifically perpetrated the off-topic conversation, rather than being tangentially involved with it.
Come back later.
all good
Don't believe so, Spelt
Firlz ranks largest/longest sessions in Cleveland on an average scale
Given that this is a two-man sesh, it's likely to beat that average
Heh, true
Though Bel is largely taking point here
I'll let those two share some dialogue, trade some info tidbits
Reave eels
I'll let you know scrags
I have a lot of Cleveland mojo right now and I want to channel it into making something swell
Taking applicants.
Uh, Major Arc 2 Cleveland
Redcap, right?
Want to make a new char, scrags? I have the damnedest time running PRT capes
Protectorate, rather
For applicants, let me know if you want to trigger or legacy
I'll run you some Amphetamine Queen-esque prologue one shots
If you make the cut, you make it to town
If you're a surviving Cleveland player, Legacy is an option, ofc, though you can elect for me to NPC your char and start anew
Legacy means any old cape you haven't had the chance to play as
E.g. Thalia wanting to port Redcap
I'll get the powergen train rolling for new applicants sometime later this week, probably closer to the weekend.
Scraggles ; - ; 
I have such a hard time writing Prot capes
Oh, okay
Lmk what you have in mind
When is your game slated to start?
It's mostly dialogue between Bel and Fir right now, so I think I might be able to swing it
Khandhas showed up like, half an hour, an hour after you did?
Hangovers, mayne
@panth - most of the prisoners had been hauled out at that pt
RF was one of the stragglers
Tomorrow evening should be good for JJ/Khandhas action
Mebber Wink/Khandhas action
Although that's post mini timeskip
JJ/Khan is Oct 26
Wink/Khan is gonna be Nov 18
Mini timeskip
Dol was getting groceries, etc
So who all in chat is up for an... interesting... power gen(s)?
Writing day, Scraggy
He said he was a bit behind schedule earlier
Oh, tru
Let's wait until Twig is up to bovver him tho
7.8
Power gens.
So, last Vancouver session...
Scraggy's cape, Havoc, broke into Fraser Regional Correctional Facility with about 30-odd loaded handguns.
Wrecked the place with concussive teleports.
And started handing out guns to the inmates like candy.
I rolled for it.
986 people. 1% chance of triggering. Inmates and employees.
14 triggers.
3 discrete sets of multi-triggers.
One, pinging off of Havoc's shard.
One, the inmates getting gunned down by the guards.
One, the guards being mobbed and overwhelmed by rioting inmates.
Scraggy, you give them the fine detail on your power?
I'm gonna go grab a quick shower.
I'll copypaste.
Here's the session in question, for context.
I'll be back in a jiffy~
Thought of something
Want me to cull the herd
some people trigger and get fucked anyways
Why not now
Before the powers are genned
Saves y'all some trouble
Roll 14d20, deaths on a 1?
Or is that too small a threshold
Oh, ok, 1 death
GG
13 capes
from the last batch
Cops getting mowed down
Heh
Still the channel record
going back into the shower now
cold and wet
hostile
!roll 14d10
Actually
5 in the 1st group (ping)
1 in the 3rd group (cops)
7 in the 2nd group (prisoners)
Want me to do a cops/prisoners distribution for the ping group
!roll 5d2
1 cop, 4 prisoners
Seems sound
I forget, are the shards that ping off of you automatically coding their owners towards aggression towards you?
Or is that just for each of the other people in the multi trigger group
OK, just the cops hate you then
Seems reasonable
Was Dean a GG ping?
Oh, K
I'm thinking back to Foil and her nemesis
gotcha
We want to open up a GDoc, make it a table?
Or is that overcomplicating things
I suggest this because that's how it was handled in the rulebook
Lemme cook 1 up for ya real quick
ech
5 by 5 table though
mebbe just a 5x1 table
Here you go
I took Bruteroot
But I'm OK with it
Flesh or stone tendrils, Scraggy
We're making good progress, folks
Good job!
Hey, Mish, want to join in on the fun
Nah
We're just making powers for all of the prisoners
Agreed, but I'm in full cleveland mode RN'
Got my Cleveland mojo a'flowin'
Here u go, Mish
You seem to be confused as to the purpose of this document
Don't worry about it
He got caught out w/o his buddies
Bad attention tho, which might be a lil more strangery
Good call
I like the second havoc ping, imagining them w/ a minigun
Yeah, just throw your suggestions into the ring
Go hog fucking wild
Stranger could be argued on the cop's side of things
Don't do much thinking in a riot i feel
Too far
The multi triggers happened before she arrived at the scene
You led her on a bit of a goose chase, you see
Also, she's Deus Ex, for the record
Dept NW Wards team leader
that fucking grenade catch tho
still laughing @ those rolls
GrindleSlanger
Morning, Mega.
We could, but I think they hype has died down
I can give it some tweaking later if need be
But this was a fun event overall
Quicker and more efficient than I'd expected
A barn raising of sorts
Say, Teller, you still around?
I have another finicky log for you.
Mind taking a gander at it?
That's on me, Tell ; - ;
I am the scumbag
It is me
Just the first two are multis
One of the inmates died
<3
Thank you for absolving me of my transgressions
Offhand, Tell, would you happen to know where I could find a quick and dirty program that would let me combine a bunch of Word documents into one file?
Looks, it's getting prettier.
Am I being shamed here ; - ;
Yeah, I brought it up this afternoon, IIRC
So you know the PRT Master Resource Doc?
We could take a crack at it, make a rough draft of your idea - apply it to the Squaddies bit
We can try and cobble together a working prototype and then present it for scrutiny
Was an idea I felt merited elaboration
(We being mish + I)
Done before, Hiero
Want links to the logs
Link should work now
I think you mean best
Generic mook templates, for gangs & PRT alike
Would be nice, Vern
Yeah, I have harvested some mooks from there already
Try again
(Try again, Hiero)
I've statted out my Cleveland PRT squaddies off the cuff (Dust Devils raid)
But I think a resource like that for starting GMs would be a good boon
DND Monster Manuals exist for a reason, after all
Here's the character gen process for the Squaddies one-shots
IDK having a lawyer template will help
It's just for stats, not really personality traits
Why a lawyer, though?
I've only seen one (pseudo) lawyer [Oakland - Gardener session]
That's Paranoia, isn't it?
Thought it wasn't a WD Campaign
Pickpocket goes off of Subterfuge
Dex is secondary
No?
I think you should reread some of the source materia, Hiero
You're asking a good chunk of questions that could be answered with some more thorough reading
*material
@Mishie - Herger is my roommate
Comes on very intermittently
I tend to GM him meatspace
bitch at him to clean the house, mostly
Oh, okay, yikes
I dislike you on principle but that's not a bannable offense
So, uh, keep at it, kiddo
I reserve the right to blow off any dumb questions
Oh - on the subject of the Villains doc
I'm trying to bring that system back, w/ regard to being an independent, or with gang administration
Cobbled together a prototype for Spelt
If you're not in Cleveland, want to take a look?
Yeah, it's really rad (Mishie brought it up a few days ago) - and I was meaning to ask you something about that, Bow
Though you seemed busy, so I was gonna wait until tomorrow
I remembered you wanting to play in a campaign, and if it's cool with you, I'd love it if you could visit Cleveland, maybe in some capacity where you come to town as the cape leader of a small-to-moderate gang
In part to see if the Villains system plays nice with the general WD system
I did too vigorous of a fist pump, knocked the cat off the bed :|
it's the SO's cat
i could get away with it
Oh man, I've seen a looping gif of that video
But yeah - would some of you guys like to see how I did the Gang Admin doc?
Might be of particular interest for you, Vern
with 3 gang leaders in your campaign
What's your GDocs email?
I just put it together this afternoon, so if you see anywhere I can improve on, let me know!
Bow - Training grants ranks in certain skills - maybe reallocates skill points, rather than adding them outright?
Dichotomy between learned v. trained skills?
I did, AFAIK
o7
G'night folks
See ya tomorrow
Heyo.
Morning, folks.
Taking a peek at your bestiary, Non.
Bestiary looks good, Non.
Civilian gun chance seems a bit low, but aside from that, it looks baller as hell.
Ohhh, yeah.
I was remembering in Laus, the random gun roll was 30/100, but I was breaking into the guy's house.
I wonder if there's any noticeable change in open carry / concealed carry laws due to cape shit.
Introducing a few more PCs into the mix.
However, since a lot of them I'm not familiar with, and I don't want to just cram five more dudes into Cleveland...
I'm running them through an Amphetamine Queen-esque prologue.
If they hack it, they make it into town - and if they hack it well, they make it into town with buddies, resources, and the like.
I saw too. :P
Around the end of September?
I missed it coming out, too, only came to my attention yesterday.
Might have been in tandem with Helena.
Instead of  giving you a pip in the skill, you just get a +X to rolls regarding that skill?
My best guess.
I think it's more trouble than it's worth - my Portland director would likely be more inclined towards a heavily modified PRT armored van bristling with extraneous armaments - but that may in part be due to the layout of Portland
Yeah, the FBI background really fits with how you've been handing the current situation
But I've yet to see you be a 'fucking Fed', and I'm hoping that comes up in the near/immediate future.
Mmmm. Hard to place.
Not quite what I'm trying to convey here, but I'm missing the words.
See, the thing is, tubes
you need to see both sides of the situation to compare
Which means that the discrepancy is being analyzed by a middle or high schooler
<Antioch> you need to see both sides of the situation to compare
the teachers have the NDAs
Greg seems like an outlier but then again there's at least one Greg in every school
Greg seems like an outlier but then again there's at least one Greg in every school
ya butt
I dig it, tubes
Should be pretty tough to work off a flaw
?
Seems too granular
I've been OK with just treating the armor as a whole
titty platters
is the proper terminology
Winning Dodge/Withstand ties is huge, man
That's essentially a +1
Absolutely worth two points.
think it's noted in the Details document
One of the Life Perks
!roll 1d3
Heya, Tell.
Non just linked it
Oahh, Gotcha
!roll 2d6+2
Oh, criminy
Megafire's doing some things behind the scenes for Cleveland.
Jesus, Fleet.
Unpowered Gang Lieutenant
Some maybes: Hobo, Junkie, Gun Runner, Dealer
Hey, vet this trigger for me?
Again, gross + nsfw
just in case any of you all want to keep your jobs at the sitting at home factory
You degenerate
Looks good, Non.  The doc is getting big enough to maybe merit a table of contents?
The idea came to mind yesterday
Glad to see it's not poorly received
Is Uppercrust older than Teacher?
I'm just suddenly thinking of old capes rn
Masamune
Yeah, looks good.
Here's another trigger, shamelessly cribbed from my Lausanne session.
Could maybe do with some editing.
Paring off the specifics, making it more broadly applicable.
Think it's vague enough to go into the trigger doc?
Yeah, I need to make some bits less specific - got any thoughts?
I wanted to write a trigger inspired off of the Lausanne session, but I need to make it less specific.
Today is a day where I try to fill up the trigger doc a little bit more, I think.
I'm down for brainstorming too, Bow, but give me, mmm, three, maybe three and a half hours before I'm good to go on that front?
Have some lab reports I need to type up, before I get too entrenched in WD stuff.
Would be cool to implement goals for the new wave of Cleveland players
Speaking of which, @soulpelt| - will try to put New Rep and Goals on yr character sheet, see how that pans out
Here, pelt, you can see how far along it is with this character sheet
Rep also covered in the Social portion of the new rulebook
Not me
I like tubes's idea but there needs to be notification if goals are met
EG > smokey bandit's ??? goal
Has a timer that ticks down when he chokes ppl with smoke
But he doesn't know that until he chokes ppl with smoke
Oh, nvm
What d'you mean by the Lausanne bit, Bow?
Ahh, I understand.
Yo
Shoot
My memory must have bunged up the inmate count, but I counted prison employees as well
Guards, kitchen staff, janitors, and their ilk
I'm going to have to roll for that, you know
ffffffffffffffffff
what did i do to you to deserve this, scrags ; o ;
Well, I can't go back on my statement yesterday, which was, and I quote,
"Go hog fucking wild"
Told my SO about Reimann's acid coffin stunt
They told me my two favorite words to hear
"You bastard."
Dunno.
trying to get her to read worm but she wants to get through some Sanderson books first
, The acid coffin thing?
:3
it's really rewarding to be able to connive your way out of the corner like that
face scarring and fingerprint removal
closer allies than you might think
I dunno if I threw Bow for a loop
If I surprised him, he rolled with it smoothly enough that I couldn't tell
Oh?
Ah, hahaha
I was banking on causing a big scene by shooting the police car with the tinker gun
But since I missed horribly, I was racking my brain for another way to cause a big enough scene to slip away
In the end, I'm glad I missed
Because the resulting sham was really fun to RP
@ Scraggy - I tried to shoot a police car with a Tinker gun I stole from my first police hostage
All I know is escalation, scrags ; o ;
I'm all about having a really cool story, mang
Probably, but other projects take precedence ATM (social / rep rework)
IIRC he expressed interest in doing Thinker or Breaker? But there's no timetable, if you're wondering
Hey, Lavos
!roll 20d6 (+2 Niccolo bonus, +3 Rat bonus)
You should invest more points into rats.
The returns are good.
Similarly, Niccolo is simply the DBZ character Piccolo, but made of the metal nickel.
If you ally with him, you get small benefits.
!roll 1d10 Disposition
!roll 3d8 Info distribution
I'm only seeing "Moderate leverage/bonus" it seems
Oh, I misread
Thought "stuck on" as in adhered, or added some
:x
a known factor
people plan with you, not around you
Dinnertime!
My lord.
Wink wants a word with you, by the by.
Hmmm
Once I'm done with dinner
40 minutes?
need to nip by the grocery next door for some smoked salmon
ah! i made crepes for b-fast the other day
we had some nice local cinnamon creamed honey
Hey Firlz.
Ready to go whenever (will need to pause in abt 1.5 hrs to relocate)
Whoa there, cowboy
I haven't even scheduled a time for character gen
Let me get the Cleveland document in order, clean up old session logs
Then I'll be able to consider players for Cleveland
One day I'll resolve things to the point where I don't accidentally sabotage myself, timeline-wise.
Catching Firlz and Bel up to mid-November should help with that.
2.5 more hours, Non
Oh, that rascal.
!roll 11d20
WB, WB
@firlz - driving, be back in 15min
Or just replace him, easier route.
Almost free, Firlz.
Moving some groceries indoors.
OK, Firlz, I'm back and ready.
Got really hungry so I'm going to eat a quick 2nd dinner.
Whew, I'm stuffed.
Cake time.
?
I don't quite get why I was pinged
Can't quite figure out the common denominator in the group of people you listed
Do I take a while to respond when pinged?
I guess I do.
Weren't you there?
Logs indicate that you were.
You verbally responded to the warning, as well.
Can't place if you're playing stupid or if you actually are.
Hey, Bow, I'm up for brainstorming some of the Villain Doc stuff.
Tucking in early for the night~
@mega: /cs register #channelname password description
!search icicle
Forget about the icicle, Dale.
It's not important.
Don't let it affect your life more than it already has.
IIRC Nex is one of the old flaws that got ported over.
Periastron had it, I believe.
I want to see someone get it.
Speaking of seeing people get it, Non, I'm hoping to have you fuck over some Vancouver players shortly.
Need to finish dealing with the multi trigger clusterfuck, though.
The biggest thing about the Nex flaw is that it has the potential to introduce a large threat to the setting.
Yeah, or San Perlita.
My beef with nex is that it has a big chance of warping the narrative around it.
As far as fucking over capes and players? Pffff.  That's fine.
Bel has knuckle tats saying "LOOSE GOOSE"
PoE is path of exile?
Ah
!delquote 226
'sup
In the process of revamping the Cleveland map.
soulpelt|, do you have the logs where you buy a suit for the gala? I feel as if it was in Cleveland2, and I foolishly cleared the archive.
OK, map should be more reflective of the fact that there's a large amount of unclaimed territory right now.
Heh, looking at my old Cleveland notes.
Directions I was pushing players towards, lines I wanted them to follow.
Queen: With her new home in the Dust Devils, she will become caught up in the gang’s ambition. Overconfident from their successes in Akron, their relocation to Cleveland will be met with fierce opposition and far more severe consequences. Her first true conflict will be the impending loss of her allies and new home, and she must either cope with their loss
or gain the strength to protect what she has.
Spelt:
Wink’s not going to be satisfied with anything less than a leadership role, and to that end, he’ll attempt to resurrect the scattered members of the disbanded Cleveland native gang, Blackjack. It’ll be difficult - more than half the former member have since abandoned the group, been abducted, or have outright gone missing. With Doubledown selling out
to the Dust Devils, one of his potential recruits is instead an enemy that must be coerced or subdued by brute force. Fear will get Wink so far, but he’ll need to earn respect in another way to be able to succeed.
Panth:
Peter thinks his in with the Borgata is the ticket towards success and luxury, but he’ll soon confront the more malicious, sadistic side of Pizzicato- a cold, calculating sociopath that orders him to infiltrate the 14K, a group that gives Peter the screaming heebie-jeebies, or briefly decorate his basement floor as neatly diced chunks of meat. The latter
prospect almost sounds better, as he may soon find out, upon investigating the CUI splinter group himself.
I didn't have anything for Beholder, Mega.
Ward camaraderie, the occasional mission, escalating only when the town escalate.
Without a player character helming the PRT, the Protectorate/Wards tend to be more reactive than proactive
Which is why I've really appreciated your being the Director - the city dynamic feels more fluid, more realistic, and there's more going on
Belaris - Dags joined the campaign after I had made notes.
I figured he could snoop around the aftermath of the other players' shenanigans, maybe get a little too nosy.
Say, Dol, when do you head off on your journey?
Thursday/Fridayish?
Present day is Nov. 19. Dags is on Oct. 26.
PM me if you have an itinerary, we can get you caught up.
!roll 5d6
That's a double negative.
Are you telling us you secretly love having a good time?
Wow, you degenerate.
Mostly I just look for opportunities to call people degenerates, to make fun of Scraggy.
Just got back
this time of trigger is explicitly mentioned in the Stranger triggers help doc
*kind
Take it seriously, why don't you?
I disagree.
It is, Tell.
Bit close to Havoc for my tastes, spelt.
Where are you getting brute from?
That's the one I was mentioning, Non.
The triggeree isn't being shot, they're being hunted
the injuries don't cause the trigger
it's the impending capture.
Yeah
Mhmm
Prioritized in that order
Disruptive Blaster ability, fucks with perception in some manner.
In the end, not relevant to the trigger
Back to power gen
Perception fuckery, on the real rather than the abstract
Physical blaster vector
Barbs, spitting teeth?
real - smoke, holograms, etc
rather than the more master esque mindfuck
inverting the predator prey dynamic
Drop it, Shem
It's over
flashbang
i can dig it
blinding
signal flare
fighting back rather than evading capture
Ball teleport is a bit overdone
Havoc, Kickback
mover is not necessary
Blaster stranger foremost
if mover fits in so be it
but don't force it
Don't force it
concussive flashbang is fine, but feels like it needs a little more uniqueness
so less blindif
blinding
more seizures
better, i like it
spotlight esque maybe
floodlights, high beams
nah
nah
the latter, I feel.
Clever.
I like it, Dol
The blasts aren't faster
Reread
The dichotomy between having a light generating power and moving faster in the dark is great
I think we can roll luck now
the rest is mechanics and aesthetic
i prefer the beam myself, but am fine with either
I'm a luck 6 guy myself
But I'm blessed with players that have flavorful personalities, flaws or no
6 guarantees one
hence why non's 8 suggestion ain't so bad
but, my vote is for 6.
Context? I go into a meeting for an hour and I come back to this circus
Seems a bit unlikely, but I don't dislike it, Non?
Is she killing you for money or to get her jollies?
Might be an important distinction.
:^}
:^>
:^3
More of the latter is my guess, Non, but I don't know.
The triggeree's gullibility bothers me a bit but I otherwise have no complaints.
your wife is an ingénue fan girl
Trigger seems to be fine.
I give it my go-ahead.
Unlikely, but not impossible, so it goes.
Also, unique, which helps.
Oh, wow, R&D internship?
Congrats, Bel.
Best of luck with the interview.
If they ask you to sign an NDA, start asking some questions.
Bought the T-shirt for that, last year.
Battelle do defense contracting, et cetera?
Ask enough questions to make sure you don't get involved with stuff that might weigh on your conscience.
Oh, Panda, you said you were going to Portland?
What for?
What's up, Scrags?
Yeah. Sorry for the confusion, as Scraggles doesn't have an admin tag right now, but you've been here long enough to know that.
so, I gave the kids at the library I volunteer at a writing prompt for trigger events
i'll have them back within the week, I'm interested to see what they write
I don't expect that there will be many suitable for the spreadsheet
sixth through 12th grade
but, nonetheless
i might gen powers for them off the snippets, get them to write snippets
triggers
I recommended it to some of the high schoolers.
Not that I know of, spelt, as of yet
And that's fine
Have an incoming dossier about Coldhand's former gang for you to peruse at your leisure
Shouldn't need you for any games until A) the Gala event
B) Firlz finishes backfilling
Oh, let me get you some feedback on it.
Done and done, enjoy.
Not yet, putting it together
Have a long list of dossiers I need to type up
Mega's gala preparations are working me to the bone :P
!roll 1d6+3
Accepting applications for newcomers to the city once the Gala event is concluded.
Will screen applicants first, then power gen, then run an "Amphetamine Queen"-esque oneshot as a prologue to them entering the city, or becoming established in the city.
If they hack it, they're in the campaign - if they don't, they're out.
If they hack it well, they enter the campaign with nice starting resources - cronies, respect, guns, assets.
Legacies are separate.
Of course.
Yeah, go ahead.
Doc is open to submissions.
Hey, Lavos, you were interested in Cleveland, right?
Hmm?
Are you familiar with the logs?
I recommend at least browsing through, so you know what's up.
What I expect from my players, what you can expect from me, et cetera.
Oh, no, it is.
Whenever I finish the gala event, and after I'm done formatting all of the old logs.
I'm taking all applicants with a twofold screening process.
Feel free to apply.
Scrags, you are in already. Just forgot to write your name on the applicant list.
Oh, give me all your time zones real quick.
So it's 5 AM for you right now, Lavos?
Mmm.
So, here's what's going to happen.
I'm going to use a combination of factors to determine the first screening.
1) Time zone and general availability.
2) Prior gameplay experience, if any. [Feel free to submit logs of games you've been in before. In fact, I encourage it.]
3) How many games you're currently playing in.
4) Rolling the dice.
Three applicants will make it past the first screening.
If they die or otherwise fail, I'll pass the buck to the next person in line.
Oh - 
5) Post char-gen, the quality of your character sheet.
Treat it like a resume. Show off logs you think would impress me, I guess.
Every point in your favor gets you more 'ballots' in the RNG.
Say you give me bitchin' char sheets and sweet logs and you're not in any games at all, I give you more lotto tickets than someone who wouldn't have the chance.
Err, wouldn't have provided the same information.
Link me anyways, Lavos?
Want to see your writing style.
Ah, well. The one-shot will help.
Ooh, thanks, Bow.
I'm excited to think of what the internet thinks of my antics.
^
you seem to misremember what your power does, on the tinkers side of things
non has the right of it
there were some minor details but that's the gist
you remember incorrectly, I'm pretty sure
nonagon just explained it
Your thinker power scans a cape, gives you ideas for gadgets that might counter them
The gadgets might be small handheld devices
minor, in that regard
doesn't matter, will find out whenever you run your session
!roll 2d6+2
Used to be Ath, got switched to Dex while I wasn't looking.
Oh, I got that PM, Vern
Was biking, so I didn't reply
Do you think we should discuss it as part of a "how to be a motherfuckin' GM" doc, or in more of a moderation context, Tell?
Heyo, Mega.
Getting all the pieces in place for the ol' gala.
A type of apple
;3
;^3
Honeycrisp is my apple of choice
Afternoon, Wilboar.
I'm for continuing the discussion of wounding - given that there are currently no games ongoing, either here or #gamedesign is fine in my book.
If there are mechanical concerns with the system, it's best to air them out, either for the sake of feedback or improbement.
*improvement
Maybe move away from numerical bonuses / penalties?
I'll drop in later to see what you guys come up with.
Have some work to get out of the way, first.
It's been fine for me thus far
Anyhow, BBIAB
Want me to put it on the active projects doc, Vern?
roger
Yeah, it's 4, Shem - if they have really nasty wounds, they might take some penalties to that roll, though.
I was spitballing arc words myself the other day
Working off Prelude, adding more musical terms
Tocatta > Fugue > Divertimento > Crescendo > Scordatura > Scherzo > etc.
But, a little esoteric
Seems silly, bit trite
Very far removed from that Worm Flavor (TM)
Hum, that's worth considering
'Blind' would be a fantastic arc name
Given the multiple meanings
I'm available
Nah, no physical harm imminent
Very much a mental trigger
Thinker's almost a given, here
Very much "what the fuck is going on, what did I do, am I dying, is she dying, what?????"
Given that the trauma is post-coital that may be a secondary factor, but let's not worry about that for now
Blood is a factor, lack of workable information is a factor, concern for physical health is a factor
I wonder if Bow is around, I want to hear his input on this trigger :P
Certified dingus, here
Capename "Dingus" is never bad
Breaker's a maybe - there's the sense of potential physical harm of some sort
Working in blood into the power seems a little too pat, but it'd be interesting to factor it in somehow?
False wounds? The pain is real, the damage isn't?
Hrmmm.
Biking back to my car, I'll give it some thought on my way down
ghostie
Yeah, I remember that one, I think
I'm trying to focus on the sudden crash from very high to very low
i'll have some input for you shortly, I'm driving over to Saff's apartment
I don't mind Shem's displacement illusion idea, but I feel it's missing something.
Have you heard my new band, Bloody Dingus?
Sorry this seems to have stalled.
Maybe I should rework the trigger.
!roll 1d5
Oh whoopsie
Was petting a dog
Just responded
Were you doing some interim crafting as Armada, Scraggy?
Snakewalk.
Howdy, Phoenix.
Come here from the Reddit link?
Let me know if you have any questions.
The topic should answer most of them, if you give the contents a quick read through.
I'll just call them Tuscon from now on.
Tomorrow, I think
About to turn in for the night
Tower of Babel cape was something that might have been brought up before
I feel like I've discussed it
Some recent developments.
Hunh, really?
The Blackjack admin is locked.
But this should be viewable.
Try this link?
Hunh. Weird.
It should be.
_seen AceofSpade
I feel like he shows up most every day, today seems like an exception?
Finding him for Arc 2 of Lausanne shouldn't be much trouble, if that's why you're asking.
mornin folks
hard light wavy arm inflatable dudes
I enjoy the wiggling aspect
Yeah, non, I am here
That's fine, I saw the contention yeaterday
The nobilis stuff, mish?
I got it, haven't had the chance to read yet
I'll give you the details later, Mega
Non is actually advising you to rob the local GameStop
I, as a channel op, cannot condone this
BRB folks
I'd rob a gamestop, I hate gamestop
Nah, she was 24 hour banned
_seen ErisMaenad
Hasn't shown back up since though
Dol is in Montana, en route to Wisconsin, should be back by to rrow
tomorrow
once I can attribute to coincidence, but four times in the span of three days, that's too much
The problem is, that type of discussion, I wouldn't generally welcome in weaverdice as a whole
just walk on in " hey ask me how my day is doing! " - we've told her to take it to parahumans, regardless of whether the game is going on or not
and Bow was very final with the warning he gave her prior to the last infraction
just don't say anything in the actual game channel
Just don't steer conversation away from game relevant discussion
as far as the main channel goes
calling your physics teacher a fat bitch without any prompt or context, game or no? i frown upon it
and here, my frowns carry weight
the anti-frown is a wide, unsettling grin
ban Antarctica, I don't mind
Three hours from now?
Gotta haul some furniture.
Let's see what I can take care for you here and now then, Scrags
Interview question 1: Can you show me ur resume
rekt
That works, haha
I've seen how you play (grits, scrags, armada, freezeout, the one guy in detroit (backlash?) )
Let's take this to PM
What's the subject?
Nooooo!
I was about to tell Mega about stuff
Howdy, Mega.
Ready and willing to discuss Cleveland with you
Sorta.
There's an application/screening process, detailed in the campaign document.
I might crib some of the details from the Futhark generator for ATM's NPC generating function, possibly.
"Omae wa mou shindeiru" is a reference to the old anime Fist of the North Star.
Translates to "You are already dead."
Now /that's/ racist
That's definitely going too far.
Consider that an official warning, okay?
I'd also like to note, Dale, that you're doing this with very new (< 1 day) people in the chat (Ishamor, phonics).
And you were kind of the person who went ballistic on Mish for being someone who paints the chat in a bad light based on their actions, around a month or so back.
I'm not personally offended, despite the fact that the joke was in extremely poor taste, but there's the chance that others might be.
I think that more or less covers my feelings on the matter - am I making sense here?
More with regard to Dal - why I considered his behavior an infraction.
He seems to have gone to dinner, so I'll PM him the logs, when he gets back.
I personally feel the infraction is severe enough to merit a tempban, and Teller has seconded it, but I'll raise that when he gets back.
If he doesn't return within a reasonable timeframe I'll just PM him the logs and tempban, but I'd like to have some discourse on the subject.
No racial slurs, just in general.
I take no issue with 'weeaboo', but 'chink' is rather problematic.
No, I'm available.
Link me the doc in PM again?
Just formatting old logs at the moment.
Say, Tell, are you about?
I don't remember... :x
Meant to ask you something (not pertaining to moderation) but it's slipped my mind.
I'm going to doze off for a quick bit, maybe after
Thanks, Bel
Channel etiquette - don't say "W*ldbow" in full, as it causes a notification on his end.
List of open / in-progress / closed campaigns.
oh, I remembered what I wanted to tell you, teller.
Dolyn wanted me to let you know she's in the barren wasteland that is Montana, and having internet issues.
Yo, pelt.
You ever get a fry so greasy it just flops over, a full 180 degree angle, when you pick it up?
Against my better judgement, I just ate one of those.
No boardwalk fries are these. Just a small, Southern, chicken tender shop. Crinkle-cut fry.
We're getting S&S in town within a few months.
I'm a big fan of their fries.
Mishie, are you on?
Hey, fantastic.
Let's chat.
Might be a while, Vern.
Rest easy.
Yeah, I'm here.
What's up, dude?
Oh, neat.
Do you want to do a Khan + Wink session?
I'm avail. for it.
Oh, OK, another time then
No worries
Not atm, Bel, sorry
The reason I suggested Khan/Wink is because it's a lot of dialogue without much input needed from me
For those interested, I'm authoring some triggers to be drafted / lotto drawn for Cleveland.
Will link the doc later for vetting, comments, etc
This was rolled, claimed but says "power unmade so far".
Since it's so old, mind if I reclaim it for my own purposes?
Well, since I joined the channel around May, it's about that old
Y'all think it's kosher?
I'm only reclaiming the ones I've authored, without any corresponding characters, etc.
Don't want to tread on any toes.
Roger that.
Hey, Firlz, are you around?
Would like your input on a trigger.
Asking you specifically because you're a law student.
Will link you momentarily.
Nah, Elara retooled that one for me
Here are some triggers for Cleveland 2.
Will probably write some more as the mood hits me.
Let me know how you feel about them
This one?
No, not yet.
Any feedback on the first doc I linked, though?
Lemme fix that up real quick.
There we go, I think I took care of it
Got it, non, thanks.
Lavos - writing up triggers to be drafted / lotteried for Cleveland.
Rather than random rolling.
You can take a glance if you like.
snorts
They're here to steal the kid, to a loving family
That coddles the brat when they're whining
:P
Thanks for fixing my run-on sentences, panth
It's such a miserable habit
What's above D, lavo?
They'll both go shortly missing
So... worthless
;P
_seen Belaris
_seen Bel|Away
About 50 mins ago, Lavos
That was one of my triggers, panth
Got rolled but never used
Bel was eating pizza AFAIK
Should be back soon
Yeah, that's happened before, with several variations
Was it Non who said they were going to try a "captured, tortured by supervillain" trigger?
I say go for it.
Haven't seen that yet.
Could be they're intentionally trying to trigger you (Dark Society...) or just want to get their jollies
Either way, hasn't been done yet, to the best of my knowledge
Ah, must've been before my time
Here's Grindmauler.
An underground organization looking to fabricate trigger events puts you through a deathcourse that has killed countless others, putting you through every physical and mental hardship they can imagine, taking you to the very limit of your physical and mental ability - and beyond. You've survived an incredible three days of such torture, as the heroes proved
unable to stop them from taking away your family, your friends, your home and everything you cared about, ruining you in every way possible. Now, finally, you're at the end of your strength, and they are throwing another multitude of challenges and horrors your way. Trigger.
Back in a few, grocery run
Thank mr skeltal
I'd be a bad shounen character, I think.
I'm running Mega/Spelt tomorrow morning
Tucking in early so we can hit the gala shit hard tomorrow
Night, folks
What's up?
Megafire, are you ready?
Hmm, sure.
May as well get a head start.
Gimme a few minutes to get ready.
I'll wait for pelt to finish his phone call and we can get started.
Both sessions will be done via PM, as is suitable for such events.
Logs will come up in a week or so, I promise.
For now, you can entertain yourself with Pelt and Mega spitting expletives at each other in main chat with no context.
If they confront each other, the session will shift to #WDCleveland.
For now, we've got to take care of last-minute setups, schemes, and shenanigans.
Huh, that's an interesting idea.
OK, actual gala is starting.
Let's have a good time. :)
Sneak used to be Ath, turned into Dex when I wasn't looking.
Caught me off guard.
!roll 1d6+3
Dex v. Ath is like the Nimble v. Fast argument, which makes sense, but having wits in there might be nice
Schmooze.exe
The president.
Crafting is a two stat skill, and you have to roll both. Dunno about the others.
!roll 1d6
!roll 1d6-1
Cleveland stuff.
As far as a rap sheet goes, Wink's not the 'shoot first ask later' kind of guy. You don't know his civilian identity.
Your last interaction with him was discussion regarding his assistance versus Auswahlen, though since that relations have worsened due to Blackjack's attempted expansion onto Cleveland State University.
The three-strikes rule is tenuous, in a Cleveland that  just suffered greatly at the hands of villainy.
No - Haddon offered it, she declined. Playing by the rules.
Things will progress, I may interject if I feel your decisions are influenced by meta or Vern's bribery, but for now, keep on truckin'.
I'm fine for the rest of the day.
Just pop in when you're done.
Just ping me when you're back, Mega.
Yeah, until Mega gets back.
Thalia, are you around?
That's fine. Drop me a line when you get the chance.
I'm not sure if I am in Oakland or not, Panda.
Yeah.
I dunno if Bow is joining.
I hope he does!
Hey, Rhub.
soulpelt|, are you ready to resume?
_seen soulpelt|
Oh, internet troubles.
:)
Jesus, imagine Mendez in Director Scrags's place
Attacked is a bit of a strong word, but you could spin it like that, yeah.
Incident was logged on Sentinel's cam, for the books.
Heh.
Minor correction - NW started up because of looters and robbers, not drug dealing.
Yeah.
1 is legs.
How's your post coming along, Spelt?
Don't mean to rush you, but I imagine it's getting kind of late on Mega's end.
There may be more happening - which can be continued tomorrow, ideally
\o
Sure, go right for it.
Was about to get into that, Fir.
Either of you, feel free to cut in with ...
The situation in Cleveland right now is that the city's kind of in shit shape, and any villain who's taking advantage of that isn't going to be treated kindly.
The Borgata are keeping their heads down, offering some of their holdings from their real estate racket to people who lost their homes to Auswahlen.
They've survived in big cities, they know how to play the game, and anything that is a detriment to civilians is going to draw a lot of aggro onto them.
I have the audience kind of broken down into five separate mentalities.
Whatever happens reflects on a variety of public perceptions of either party.
Command 4 is pretty darn good.
As far as curbing DD's trigger-happiness, well.
That's his flaw.
It's been four months after the Madison event.
Soon.
Today is the 21st, IG, actually.
But yeah. '09.
Timeline between Simurgh - Madison and Leviathan - BB is blank.
GM fiat.
Which is, in turn, overruled by WB fiat, in the event that it's relevant.
AON, I'm glad my NPCs are generally well-received!
I'll look at the timeline, see what makes sense.
Might random-roll, here and there, if I'm low in inspiration.
*on
fuk u vern
:3c
Ouch.
Nice sociopolitical commentary, Wink.
Teller could kill a Wink-charged Eidolon with those rolls.
No dice on that front.
He doesn't have that type of buff.
The increased mental acuity one should work, given that it's a hive mind.
If it was a reference, it was unintentional.
LMAO, the cop in Psych?
I didn't have that guy in mind whatsoever, haha
Though I have seen Psych before, so it may have been subconscious
Chief of Police Ervin M. Lassiter is 5'6"~7", stocky, looks super pissed all the time. He has boxer's ears.
Err, cauliflower ear
MB
No, Jett is a surname
She's just the PRT's director of public relations
!roll 1d6+1
Could you let me into your Steven Universe RP, Teller?
I have a gemsona fired up and ready.
^o^
Will definitely gave me some serious "final boss" vibes.
Good session, Tell.
Oh, no, it's a dome centered around him and the insurance dudes.
Grantsville has been a wild ride from start to finish.
I'm so hyped to see the finale.
I've been piecing together the puzzle, from reading the logs, and some hints from Teller besides, so I have some inkling as to how it might conclude.
Needless to say, extremely pumped.
Eris has been absent since her 24-hr tempban.
May have been a miscommunication on my part.
I'll hash out precisely what you know via PM, afterwards, so there's no confusion.
Dol should be arriving at her destination sometime tonight.
Dunno if she'll be too knackered to hop on, but she'll be back soonish.
No problem, Mega.
It's getting pretty late, I don't blame you.
Firlz, if you want to do some stuff with spelt, I'm still available.
Oh, that's fair.
Been a long day, heh.
I'll keep working on getting the Cleveland doc up to date.
Lots of games happening today.
Good job everybody.
I don't need your lip, Dashy.
oh my fucking god
Somecrazyguy
you bastard
I just saw Freezeout's civilian name
i just fucking saw it
pm me those links&"?
will read for Cleveland admission criteria
u wat m8
oh scg
how skrong would Freezeout get if he was surrounded by blazing inferno
panda is trying to face him with the flashpoint ligeia combo
and i'm like dogg
you are only making him swole af
looool
hope to get to that in 3 or so hrs
Yeah
Can get started in a few
laundry first
got waylaid by allergies
Yeah, Breaker is weird by itself
Ready, Mega?
Thanks, Non, will adjust the spreadsheet accordingly.
Any bad Majors you feel could be nixed, Non?
e.g., Toggle, False Body
Here's the spreadsheet with all of the options.
Sharp, edged, acceleration breaker. Breaker form decays rapidly, flaking off into brittle wisps (ash) until body is depleted, reverting back to normal state. Body can be refueled by (???)
Thanks for your help, Non.
If there's any other aspects of the NPC generator you feel like you could help shore up, just let me know and I'll add it to the spreadsheet.
Lord knows it's only about 30% of the way there.
The generator helps some folks, and that's enough for me.
Heh, Tell was the guy who got it all started, and he doesn't use it a bit. :P
You're right.
So I'm putting together a PHO document for the post-gala PR thing
And I'm doing it off of Pink's template
Gets me every fucking time
i'm fucking pissing
Here, have fun with this
I'll add more but you guys can fool around with it for now
c'mon, that avatar is cute
Feel free to write random stuff in the doc.
If it's too silly, I'll just snip it out.
Here m8
Gonna finish timestamping and get some lunch
May 5, 2011 - Undersiders attack PRT fundraiser
Nov 21, 2009 - Blackjack shows up to a different fundraiser
top banter
Glad someone picked up on that.
Was rewatching with the SO, Kuzuhara was a big inspiration for the Lassiter NPC.
Howdy, meep.
Stepping out for lunch.
Feel free to get other people in this chat involved with the PHO doc. I'm having fun with it.
Not a clue.
respect for the dead, bel
That was a joke on my part, yeah
Will probably take it off on the final version
VereorNox > VereorKnucks > TruthKnuckles
I don't actually know bii that well, so feel free to fuck with those posts as you will
I just ganked a few names / etc from the PRT quest threads
Thanks for your PHO doc, Pink.
It was a godsend for templating.
Let's table that for another day then
I have some work I need to do, pref. sans distractions
How'd you normalize the dimensions for the avs for yours?
Hrm, is there a way to do that within GDocs?
Ah, I'll tackle that sometime later then
I made a few SB cameos on the PHO doc, but didn't know about bii's writing style.
So some folks fixed it for me.
Minor, I think
Haven't seen anyone have the misfortune of bleeding out from a housecat attack
_seen RedWyvern
Hrm
Some discussion in #Gamedesign for those interested.
Grading exams for my class
Students have surname "Winter" and "King", found tests adjacent to each other
This semester, Dynamic Machine Components
This is the filthy, illegal, back-alley power-gen.
Your cape will start with tetanus.
And blood poisoning.
Shush.
I don't need your lip.
please dispense whipped cream into my mouth, dol
since we are friends, i will refrain from asking you to dispense it elsewhere
See? Look, you're sick
This is what happens when you have a back alley power gen
The session start should be -
"You wake up in a bathtub filled with ice."
"The part of body where your kidney used to be feels sore."
Good
:D
Sorry for the late response, Pink, here it is.
Well, glad to see that the concept has already been tackled by people more qualified than I.
Oh, wow, that musta been weird.
Ugh, the mechanical engineering department for my university is mad fucking bloated.
I remember the trigger for that, I think? If it was on the used triggers list, which I think it was.
A senior-level course with only a single class section - 99 people (after mid-semester drops).
The faculty-to-student ratio is suuuuper skewed.
It's even worse for the freshmen/sophomore level courses, because the ME major here actually has a ~45-55% drop/transfer rate.
So I'm contending with the students after the chaff has been cut, and it's still too damn much.
I can make prosthesis and drones, but not an automated grader for long-form answer questions. :x
Neural network to do that would be too complicated. Be faster grading by hand.
Yeah.
Whoah, holy shit.
That's a good question.
The mechanisms and logistics behind smuggling high-output military armaments is a pretty important research topics.
*topic.
You're also able to fire a RPG at a Cambodian firing range for ~300$USD, it looks like.
Well, that's a stroke of luck.
Or idiocy.
Laugh at the relief of a close shave, if nothing else.
Christ.
And here I thought it was the Big Blue Bomb, Gerboise Bleue.
Man, fuck Past Antioch for allowing 0.5 granularity on the grading scale.
Should just be rounding up, but it's too late now. :x
Yeah, was a dumb idea.
You should accept.
Untold glory, riches, and power would be yours for the taking.
Dammit.
This is why we can never get good members.
I need to go speak to Marketing.
@ everyone in general chat
Some of you know I'm trying to revamp the Villains / OOG system
The possibility of a "test run" was discussed
Moreso an in-between, of the old-to-new system
To see what kinks still need ironing out.
But am interested to see where it goes, how it operates, etc.
Trying to decide on a town of acceptable scale
That's still up in the air, hah
Most of the changes entail being better geared towards meshing well with the current WD system
Depending on scale, am looking at Terre Haute or Lafayette
Should have some stuff that ends up getting done in-chat rather than all via the Villains doc
e.g. inter-gang conflicts (street shootouts and the like) being rolled and stuff
Here's the mechanics doc. Very WIP.
Will be looking to host some veterans for this, Spelt, Panda, etc, maybe, since they knew how the old system rolled
Have a better idea of what needs to be fleshed out / improved upon
Power / Influence / whatever
Clout, in the abstract sense of the term
The amount of weight you can leverage, throw around, in terms of manpower, forces you could theoretically bring to bear
If you feel like it, write down what you think is cool, what you think is kludgy
Any and all input helps
Luna?
_seen Luna
Whew...
Finally done grading.
I don't know Luna that well.
If you're starting a gang, yeah.
You could be an independent hero or the like - trying to rework the doc to apply to those as well.
Looking at #WDLafayette or #WDFlint for this test run.
Pastebinned some of the brainstorm session from yesterday
A good few, I think
Cleveland, Grantsville, Oakland, Lausanne, Detroit
About 5 weeks have passed IG for Cleveland
What games /have/ you seen, tho?
Morning, Mega.
Just finished grading.
Getting the groundwork set up for #WDFlint using the OOG/Villains doc.
Nah, Flint, Michigan
Has the population and crime density I'm looking for, for this type of campaign
10 players, mebbe 6-8 gangs getting off the ground
A few independent heroes
Thinking about how to handle recruiting NPC capes
Anyhow, got to drop these tests off
Give this to Bel
"But Obama Wants To Take Yours"
Subtitle for a book "Emily Gets Her Gun". Seems to be anti-gun control in a silly way
Yeah, bit of a baffler
Research!
might be a bit, pelt.
yeah, dal.
Triad crime and shit
I probably spend more time doing research for GM stuff as opposed to my actual research job
online is good, but nothing beats library books
less distractions
material is linked together more cohesively
yeah, pelt
I love learning all of this esoteric shit
Mob boss is shooting so low, tho
What I lack in quality I make up for in quantity!
Would be cool to have a gang in the Deep South set up in an antebellum plantation home. The Neo Confederates or some bullshit like that
Gallows, prolly
Kinda bad. He still needs to breathe
Don't think there's a better way to do it
There will be imbalance in initial manpower/assets/etc
Best way to resolve is via draft
mhm
ironclad is canonically dead :x
for flint?
don't care, taking all comers
if i exceed 10 applicants i'll roll to cull the list
Winner goes to Cleveland
if you win, spelt, one of your chars gets NPC'd
your pick
eh, screw power draft, just doing fealty
can legacy if you like, roll if you don't
Yeah, unless you have a cape you want to legacy in
Just write down yr name in the player column
nah, diff thing
trying out the villains thing after i get more of it tidied up
oh, if you legacy with old luck, i'll ask you to reroll
as perks/flaws are determined by remaining pts in draft
nah, no power bidding
just fealty bidding
funny enough i still have snips's sheet
Might have some fealties trigger-locked and powergen in accordance
while others are more open
But yeah, feel free to drum up some interest in Flint, will be working on cleaning up the OOG thing now
Versus only, I think, Mish
This is a sudden shift in climate erupting into a month-long gang war, tops, I'm imagining
cull the herd fast
Could theoretically fold defeated gangs into yours
Oh, yeah, temp alliances / truces, for sure
Backstab to your heart's content
Yeah, go nuts
Open to anyone
Draft is going to be done a little differently
So I don't have to deal with 10 people being online at once
Gonna be more like a silent auction tbh
Yeah, inequities in starting fealties must be dealt with
Powers won't be drafted tho
Hrm, sure, so long as it fits the fealty you've drafted
acquired
w/e
Let's get that out of the way first
PM me with your picks from 1 thru 10, and how many points you’re willing to spend on each. You have 1000 points. Whoever has the most points at the end gets perks in a certain order.
kek
Yes.
@Vaklav
Write your name in the player column, read the rules.
Mhmm.
auction, not draft
want in, vern?
difference is i don't have to corral 10 butts with diff. time zones
fair
this isn't RP tho
just villains / OOG stuff
testing grounds, almost
need people who are online everyday, but really only need abt 30-45 mins of their time, tops
Yeah, dol
More or less, shem
Luck 4 can only give you 2 perks/flaws
Lazy typing, shem
sm. is small
Mish, reroll perks
If you're legacy
Yeah, I don't mind making adjustments
Yeh, if you bid a bunch of points
After auction, Dol
mm, fair
might be best to nix legacy if thats the case?
can't have someone legacy in a 2 perk cape and blow all their points on the best fealty
no, dal
thought about it
one draft is enough
yeah, that's fine, mish
but would prefer new powers be genned, in all honesty
37th Strategem?
i remember that guy
Dosh is slang for mony
*money
British slang, portmanteau of dough and cash
Putting this together rn
About to head out, deliver some furniture
Still waiting on mish, shem, dol, as far as bidding goes
Find me four more players, if y'all will
Thx m8
Hey scraggo
Heyo, Rube.
Drank too much coffee this morning and now I'm goddamned impatient to get this Flint shit off the ground
Hey, Tell.
Waiting on Mish and 4 more players, iirc
Bids for fealty and shit
@tell, you familiar with the anchorage villains doc?
yeah, silent auction style. just pm me your picks and how much you want to spend on each
Both.
Nah, I know what I'm doing, Mish
you only know your own bids, not everyone else's
so it doesn't matter if we don't have everyone yet
much easier on me as opposed to the bitch of corralling 10people for a deaft
draf
draft
could someone link Tell my flint doc?
thx lad
if you're set on not legacying, sure, go nuts
any number
no going once, going twice, just tell me how much you think a particular group is worth
if your offer is the highest, you get it
Players get to name the groups, yah.
if you're interested in participating, it's a minimal time commitment given the mechanica
mechanics
Roger roger
So, Pm me your bids at some point, Tell, just need 3 more guinea pigs to get the ball rolling
Arigato.
A man after my own heart.
I love flaws. Gimme scelestus into ten of swords, baby.
Addicted to uppers is fucking gold, dogg
As is ruin, pfff
Still workable
It balances out, generally, but there's more variance in perks
I'd almost value flaws over perks, narratively
A good character is defined by their weaknesses, not their strength
Howdy, Bow.
Just a test run of the OOG stuff once it's all smoothed out.
Plan to get a big chunk of the doc edited in some meaningful manner
Oh, Non is in.
Mind PMing me your picks/bids?
o7
Thanks.
Just two more and we can slam-jam.
Go for it, Lavos.
You can if you wanna, Vaklav
Not traditional WD though
so it might be a bad first impression
very WIP
yeah, I'd recommend you hold up, actually,
this is also a beta of a new system
The former, yeah.
Yep.
Yeah.
That was in reference to Cleveland - the thing I'm working on at the moment is Flint. Just a testing ground for the OOG system. Could start later if you like, or at the same time as everyone else otherwise.
could someone link it, please?
On my phone at the moment, sorry.
Thanks, Ace.
Ah, sorry. Is it the drafting process or the OOG stuff?
Mostly OOG.
The ideal is that the system gets refined enough here to be implemented in Cleveland.
Howdy Panda.
Fair.
I'll give you a whistle once I can get you in Cleveland then!
Will need a luck reroll, pandoh
If you legacy. just fyi.
Someone fill him in? Moving mattresses.
Your thoughts, Panda?
You can fill the last slot, pandoh.
Just Panda, if he's in
Then we can start powergen for those w/o legacies.
OK Pando, pm me your picks and bids.
That's the plan
yeh
I like this new draft system. Feels less cat-wrangley.
Needs a lot of refinement, tho.
!addquote 2:04 PM <Tell> If she's ripping my throat from my chest, it might be PCP.
Reimann is easy pickings for that kind of attack.
Rival swashbucklers, locked in eternal competition!
Just waiting on Pandoh
rekt
P low.
Who did you get for that draft?
Yeah, I remember that dude
OK! Panda's votes are in.
Teller gets Gang 1 for 850.
Shemetz gets Gang 5 for 803.
LostAvocado gets Vigilante for 500.
Soulpelt gets Intel for 400.
Ace gets gang 3 for 500.
Dol gets gang 2 for 300.
Dale gets Gang 4 for 200
Panda gets Mercs for 100
Nona got Indie for 1
Mish got Psychos for free
PM me with your legacy options if you have them.
Otherwise, line up for powergen
Shetz was first
Corsair is fine, but the name is taken
That's OK, Tell.
if yr legacy cape was approved, roll corresponding luck in #gamedesign and pm me the result
Shetz, go ahead and trigger, if everyone else is cool widdit
Nay, mish
Fair, Pink
Yeah just $perk
Will update doc real quick when i get back to a comp
Failed suicide, long term problem of inadequacy coming to a head
Unwanted rescue
Anyone can confirm? I don't think so
Consistent, repetitive failure.
Can't even kill himself properly.
Failure tinker's been done before
And it's too trite
Success, slipping back.
Avoiding disappointment of parents.
Tinker/Stranger.
Evading said disappointment via suicide.
Playing possum? Nah, stupid.
Yeah. Fugue, Subliminal all come to mind pretty fast
Ambush, concealment, hidden, as far as methodology goes fits better I think
Power dupe/theft mebbe
"fuck you for saving my life" trump var. 3
Oho.
Grants offensive powers, but without the traditional defensive measures in place? Capes get pyrokinesis but burn themselves, things like that
Hmm, still feeling the stranger here tho
Sweet jesus.
This guy sounds like a good time.
That sounds like a good enough place for a luck roll, I think!
Really pumped to have this guy screw up everything. Each minion a ticking time bomb.
Heh.
Unless anyone is opposed, yeah.
Primes mean the target is latent, will trigger later?
Mmmkay. Nice.
How best to work Apocrypha in here?
AFK for a bit, going to pay my power bill and bike to the lab
Reroll please
Also, you're a highschooler
Urgh
Let me think
seems kind of annoying to just keep rolling like this
this one works
go w what tubes  said
what does it do again, tubes
seems ok. back to the trigger?
Meh
When is city distance going to be relevant
take this concept and invert it. Riot field.
perception fuckery is too trite
You don't slip away as a primary thing
You vanish into the background because everyone in yr vicinity's emotions, whipped up into a frenzy
the outrage redirected
I swear, if you say attention again :|
Too direct, here
Read the Strangers doc again, Shez
I can't count how many times I've heard friggin variants on the macklemore power
The macklemore power is where you're unremarkable in some fashion or another
Generally all of them
It's the deadest horse
looks good, non
nonagon's power sounds very good, what kind of emotion do you think is most relevant?
I personally think that anger or revulsion are strong candidates
given the public backlash regarding his image
but it's up for debate
also, you would probably be pissed if your cell phone bricked out of nowhere
Why those, Adem?
Not feeling OB
Fear is a maybe
Anger or fear. Yr votes?
meh, been done before
in a much more interesting method, too
Militia has an interesting power. Getting people drunk over the phone? 3/10.
Trigger involved online video fame iirc
or mebbe that was tubes's comment
<Anti> "Okay, so you're all in the woods and..."
notoriety spread via electronics anywho
it'll be a strong power
Every cell phone thrown becomes a mini riot-grenade.
I'm tilted in favor of anger.
Anger -> riot -> conflict
Shard yes
etc.
Yeah.
Seems good enough for a write-up
Shall you, Non, or shall I?
Cape spreads a 'rioting' effect in a minimal area around them, inciting others to anger (not directed at the cape). Effect is transmitted along nearby electronics, emanating from landlines, spreading via hand-held devices, burning them out in the process.
Luck please, Dal|Away.
Shetz, yr Apocrypha will be handled at my discretion, secret from both you and your enemies.
Minimizes some opportunity for metagaming.
AceOfSpade, you're next
Shetz rolled this one
Claim it, asshole
You claim yrs, too, Dal
Joking, Shetz :P
I got it.
Stranger foremost
Then ace can roll
I'm checking the sheet
It's back.
Claim 53.
ATM might be borked
RIP. I'll do it manually.
Roll 1d60, Ace.
Oh, nv.
Heh. Good trigger.
We have a lot of stranger-esque rolls today, tho.
2009.
Nebulous date. Sometime around the Madison event
Stranger, verbal slip up
Distasteful joke, offensive
Jeers, hateful crowd
Ruins relationship, career due to joke made in poor taste
Escalating
Fumble-mouthed, making the situation worse when trying to salvage it
Foot in mouth and only cramming it deeper
I'd like to lean more towards Master here
The entire crowd is against you
Alone in a sea of boos
Gives you the opportunity to go for a "who's laughing now?" irony power
At the risk of maybe going a little too Joker-derivative
I trust Ace to not be so cheap :P
Sudden mental trauma
Shame, guilt at ostracizing SO
Moreso emotional than mental, but you could make a case
There are emotional thinkers, anyhow
Mhmm
Read the mood, read the crowd
This isn't a subtle power, though
You're slinging insults, shitty tasteless jokes - it's got to be blunt force trauma, in a very social sence
Bleh.
Taunt capes
^
Booed off the stage. You fuck up, don't bow out gracefully, salvage what's left
You go for broke, snapping, overreacting, spitting acid
And it ruins everything
Escalation is a theme here
Not backing down
Yeah. Remember, when you're making a power, make it fun.
Blunt force emotional trauma. Forced mood swings. Mental vertigo.
Just spitting some ideas as they come to mind.
Feels v. master/stranger, with the ostracism.
Everyone in the room is booing.
Just lost yr SO as a part of that
Explain?
Sounds a bit of a hassle to GM as it stands rn
Hrm
Seems weird that it'd be random
The whole room is unified against him
They all hatin' unequivocally
Ohh, I get where you're coming from
Flavorwise, I dig it
Mechanics wise, might need some more solid numbers here
Funny, but all the powers we've rolled seem suited towards gang leadership thus far
I wasn't
I dig it, I dig it
I think we can luck roll
Can nail down the rest after
Blast vector, mechanical effects, etc
You mean Ace?
1 flaw
Powergen for #WDFlint OOG system testing run
Aye
Yeh
You win some you lose some
Get your goons to do the heavy lifting
nbd
PMing Ace with his power summary
Yeh, I got it
Figured it out.
PMing you the writeup, tubes
Advantages, shetz
Hunh
Misremembered
OK, lostavocado, you're up.
Shetz did it already
Oh, yeah
1 flaw as well
Aww, this trigger matches your personality, Lavos :3c
That it does.
Striker primary, f'sho.
You are being manhandled af.
Or being sold for organs
Imminent physical danger, sudden realization of betrayal, regret of gullibility
From oblivious to "oh shit I'm about to die"
0 to 100. Sudden, immediate, but physical over mental
Nerve cluster targeting unarmed Thinker/striker comes to mind
But that's a little bit bland as is
Mmmm, drain seems a little tacked on
I like tubes's ideas
Simple, but fun, gives the player a lot of options
Thinker primary facilitates a weaker striker power
Pain or paralysis jump to mind but maybe we can go deeper
A lot of powers don't
But electronics isn't a relevant variable in the trigger
Mmm, no tag stuff I think
Not a disengage power I feel
You get in, you beat them down, then you leave
No kiting or any of that silliness
Sensory insofar as reading body language, cues, etc
Minor empathy as well as, mmm, something else
predicting attacks
Dodge, mebbe
PMing you, Twonk
Very much not a kung fu master kind of deal
You kill them or put them down hard, for good, that sort of thing
Nothing but "get them immobile in the most efficient way possible"
Which may very well be "insert knife in throat"
Mmm, maybe not chest. Torso is easy target in WD
Permanent seems irrelevant here
If you get them knocked down and you want to make it permanent, slit their throat.
Whatever,
ehh, quibbling over semantics here
duration doesn't have bearing on the mechanics of combat here
thinker power facilitates melee combat in some fashion, as well as some secondary effects
striker power in turn debilitates opponent in some meaningful manner
body-language reading seems fine to me.
don't really see a concise argument against it and the two pieces fit together pretty nicely
think we're good for luck roll
Empathy up, dodge up, + to hit
Investigation is like, crime scene shit
Prolly not
Yep.
Go for it, Lavos.
Well, you're hells of fucking gullible
Easy
Could invert that
Think it could be inverted, given the body language thing
Tricked once, now believe everyone's out to get you, bar none
Every twitch goes through your power, into your mind - they're going to hurt you
And you can see exactly how they might do it
Works better for the city dynamic, anyways
Soc 1. Blatant distrust of every living being makes it near-impossible to communicate with them on any peaceful terms.
Seems ok
Just need to make one for tell and we are good to start
For those of you who haven't given me your player sheets, do that
Ah yeah, just you and dol
Thinker power grants intuitive knowledge of body language. Movements and attacks can be anticipated to a degree. This in turn facilitates melee combat, allowing cape to leverage their Striker ability - debilitating unarmed blows that cumulatively disable the victim until they are rendered wholly immobile.
Think up cape names, group names if you have them
I'll take care of that for you when you put yr sheet together, lavos
Hmmm
Dunno Shetz's prior RP experience
But I'm leaning twds obsessive
In time you will learn, my child
there's a new one, but it's WIP
No, it's not done yet
OK, cape names, gang names, etc. Get em to me soonish.
Retribution
Castigate
Yeah, retribution is a little too harsh
Not bad, Non
Moocher.
Mishdawg is giving me quality stuff here yo
Rest'a y'all step up
Oh, Non gave me some good shit too
Taken by DC comics
Les Point Mort
"Dead Center"
refers to - accuracy, neutral ground
Yeah, what Non said.
Yeah, yeah, Pelt
:P
Whoa there buddy
That escalated too quickly
Almost all of this is gonna be OOG though, so I dunno if I'll be giving you narrative opportunities to grow as a character as much as I would in a campaign with a lot of RP
I'll try and chat it out with you in PM after I get less busy
I'm pretty fond of Les Point Mort.
Caritas, in the same vein.
I'll jack you off while you type your essay, tubes
Teamwork
What's better than this
Guys being dudes
Cursemonger
Bit of a dead giveaway, that, but bitchin' name
I wouldn't want to fight a dude called Cursemonger
Nor Cursemongler.
I think you mean Trojan Horse, Shez
Hee-haw!
I'm really tickled that Teller and Dolyn are the two big rival gangs.
tbf, he has a skr8 bitchin' power
I feel like I'm talking very colloquial and truncated today.
37th Strategem? Battlefield tactics Thinker, in short
Hmm, Shez
"Anoint"?
I'm glad you're already forming alliances and planning betrayals.
Thanks for being the cutthroat monsters I expected you to be.
Hmm.
Hijinks is a good cape name.
What's ya cape name, Pondo
There are two NPC factions that I'll manage
Yeh
Random cape NPCs i have sitting arnd
can be murdered, recruited, etc
I have some Tinker triggers I've been sitting on actually
Hadn't realised the number was falling behind.
Can put them up soonish.
A lot of recent Tinker-triggers seem to be academia related, also.
Most of them
And you don't gotta have em
Only if the GM wants it.
IJm nao us dibe,
Oops.
Map is done, folks.
You're there.
Grand Traverse, on the south end of town.
Yeah, you have it, Mish
Yeah, as is Scrap Dojo
Sorry, Ward, I'm busy at the moment :(
Been a while, Char
She came in, said something in Greek, and left
Translated to "commotion"?
Or "concussion"
Hope Tell hops back on tonight.
Gonna head back to the apartment, see y'all in a bit.
Feel free to PM me with questions, et cetera.
Bel, you seen the Flint stuff?
Also, if Firlz shows up, shout @ me
Cleveland's still my priority
Here, tell me what you think.
I built this fucking house in a day.
You can see the gaps in the roof tiling.
No, Tellercape's boss is dead.
May have typoed
Teller's starting flaw - Deceased
oops
Shoulda called your cape "Swooce".
Vorpal Blade would be nice, Non
But yr backstory well accommodates Zulfiqar
Heh
Accidentally kickbanned her in the noggin
OK, maybe that was a little uncharitable
Err, say that again, Non?
Oh haha
had to drive
am in the car
will continue when i get home
I'm stopping for food at the moment, don't worry.
I'm no dingus.
He didn't want to work with a team
Which is a bit of an odd justification
Get gang 1, tell all yr mooks to kamikaze
:p
Gets his mooks hooked on meth so they fail their knowledge and guts rolls every time
Lmao
The tradeoff is that they have shit for guts
Corsair is bonkahs.
Every power here is pretty darned solid.
I'm thinking about running a betting pool for this all-out gang war. Heh.
Mish is light red.
i'll write up stuff for the Delta brigade, scrap dojo, and flint and tinder when I get back home
Going after mercs?
nvm
Her advantageous position has its flaws!
:3c
beating down a decapitated gang isn't as fun as fighting a two front war!
works really well for the backstory setup for the gang war catalyst.
Infernobubbles.
i'm sorry, but the Delta brigade are heroes
The only reason Prometheus gave fire to man was to watch them burn.
I like my version better :(
Randomness?
How so?
Going to try to drum up some more discussion for the OOG system in #Gamedesign, if anyone wants to help.
Here's the original system.
Many of the PRT Quest Anchorage capes (Flashpoint, Chopshop, etc, were played by players.)
Not in an RP format, but in a 4X format, sorta.
Err, no?
Should be same as other players
You just might have more difficulty doing things by yourself
But you'll still pick from the same actions, etc
Will add some more actions that befit independent capes
Both you and Non feel free to suggest
(Guerilla warfare, Look For Trouble - Thug Beatdown, Pick a Fight, Prowl)
Just think of things you'd like to do as a vigilante.
I can hammer out the specifics.
I'll make a "secure territory" to counterpoint "claim territory".
Each territory is going to have an Influence score (several, based on the factions encroaching)
For the love of god, Sharklauncher!
Aww, sorry. I needed a multisyllabic name to complete the amontillado reference.
o/
Privacy, lightweight, flowing
3
top-quality fencing gear - protection v cut/pierce?
love me summa that alliteration
_seen Firlz
Yeah, sometime around 2009
Don't want to pin it down any closer than that
Hmm.
Bedlam?
Revolt?
Just waiting on names.
Check mark means you're more or less ready to go.
Dale, you seen the map?
Oops, sorry.
Wrong link
If you click on each block you can see who controls it.
Yeah.
Shetz, your starting location is hidden from other players.
Vigilante and Scrub perks.
I'll be adding more detail to each territory block.
e.g. how much assets you might expect it to passively grant you.
It's a place that sells federal armored trucks, sorry for the lack of clarity.
Don't ask me why there are three Mega Pawns, or why one is less than 400ft away from the other.
Truth is stranger than fiction.
> tfw when you cant rob a fucking pawn shop
Might as well steal them from an enemy gang's territory
Cheaper
Bags you more rep
Can probably swipe jewelry
You wimp
You have the option of working with the mercs, if the mercs happen to be targeting Ace's turf or the Scrap Dojo.
Yeah, I'm adding some more stuff on the borders.
Currently establishing victory conditions for each organization.
It's slow going, my trackpad is acting up
Hmm, what kind of small jobs could nice guys do to bring in money?
Just lean on allies to give you money they've legitimately earned?
I agree that's a thing you should be able to do
Some adjustments were made.
The map.
Will be adding "degree of control" to each polygon later.
I hope Tell shows up soon.
Need to think of more win-cons.
Hmm, sure.
May adjust difficulties as I see fit.
Hmm, that does sound good.
I didn't put that in. May fool with the numbers some.
Go ahead.
Tinker/Master - minion master subclassification.
Shadow behind the throne.
I'm imagining someone who operates similarly to Chopshop, but with a different vector.
Hermetic, isolate.
Don't want to wander too close to Sphere, here, but a twist on said concept.
So?
Singular minion, I feel.
Strength Tinker.
Constantly being upgraded, parts being swapped out, optimized.
Drawing from the fixation on the cat?
Hmm, or Death tinker.
Lose/lose situation, here.
Go outside and suffer, or watch your cat die - paralyzed by indecision, things take their natural course.
Two specialties, playing off each other, interwoven.
I like Death more, actually. Strength seems too pat, and the cat death isn't the prevailing issue here, it's merely the final straw.
So let's try and intertwine two classifications, one drawing from specific loss (dead cat) and isolation (self-imposed, ultimately directly harmful to you).
Devil is, Non, but that's a bunch of issues converging all at once.
This, I think, is a pretty binary problem, which is why Death sticks out to me here.
Fear of outside could be a reaaaaaly abstract Shaker, but I dunno if I want to go there.
Could be tied into a Tinker specialty, maybe.
The more I look at it, the more I feel as if the fear is the pervasive issue, and the death of the cat the catalyst for triggering.
Pylon Tinker of some sort, I'm feeling.
This isn't really a 'powersuit' kind of Tinker.
Fool	Fixed/limited focus
Death	Locked double specialist
Devil	Power/options with costs involved
There y'are.
Yeah, you could make that happen.
Se we've got some Tinker concepts here -
*So
Single minion
Shaker/Stranger
Pylon - powerful, but tethered to a specific location (generator, antennae broadcaster? shrugs)
Yeah, same, Non.
Not really feeling the "mindfuck fog grenades" route.
Hrmmm.
It doesn't quite jive with me, for some reason.
Howl's Moving Tinker Castle
Ehh, nice visual image, but I'm not really feeling it.
Not for this trigger.
It's about staying in place, being rooted.
Pylon tinker is good, particularly for this game.
As they expand territory, they set up more pylons, extending their clout/range of influence
Singular minion, tho
Pylons should have some defensive characteristics - turret emplacements, eg.
Ehh, could argue for monstrous feline minion
But it seems a bit silly
I'll just say "mechanical, pylon-fueled abomination of significant heft"
Leave the aesthetics up to the player, and luck, potentially.
Ready, then?
Pylon, Beast, Pylon Emplacements, Beast Augments
Look up a few posts
I think we're ready to roll luck.
Go on ahead, then.
You fool!
Two flaws.
Outnumbered is rough for a new gang leader.
Godspeed.
I'll handle that, you don't have to worry about it.
Well, we're set! I'll work on the tinker tables in a bit.
Just need some stuff from Tell, Dal, Mish, and Panda.
And get the OOG system into a functional state.
Ladon is taken, it's a Dragon craft.
Righty-o.
Chat with me about your starting assets.
Your territory is the blue turf on this map, Tell.
Will be adding more detail to the map.
University
It's on the map
Got a gang name yet, Dale?
Hi, Wilbur.
Tell, you can just give me the traditional sheet.
I'll add the OOG stuff as needed.
Are you a Tinker?
Yeah.
Ah, sorry. I only GM Tinkers for Ledyard. My apologies.
Hey, Mish.
I added some stuff.
It's funny, but his power makes his minions not retreat in the face of death
His minions are psychos, so they already don't
It was a name and power I gave to Saff.
Added brief writeups for all NPC factions in the city.
If he finds himself amenable to such a proposition.
Yeah, I'm putting that in for sure
It's nice to be able to give more capes silly B-lister names.
Dragon took all the good Dragon names
Chines for dragon, could also be anglicized as Long
But Long is like 50x sillier
More capes need sweet pun names
But you were going to team up with The Mad Splatter! D:
I see how it is.
What a hater.
You can't appreciate his unique verve and flair.
Most people in the city will be willing to work with you, as long as you market yourself right.
Not very pervasive. Here and there, for certain stores in high crime areas.
And they're not all on one network, etc
yeh, will be there, Fir
Induce exaggerated parabolic deviation for incoming and outgoing projectiles?
Hmm, maybe
Just spitballing
roger dodger
_seen Teller
Hey Mish, working on the OOG stuff again.
Have some things I'd like to pick your brain on.
Actually, anyone who's interested, go over to #gamedesign
Have some questions and thought
*thoughts
Not... really?
Yeah.
It's quiet, for a given value of quiet.
Nobody's making big plays, but the amount of petty crime is way up.
Sup mish.
Relatively new person, I think
Hmm, nah.
It is a success.
Welcome back, Dol!
Sure, go for it, Firlz.
You have a vague idea of how much product is being moved.
Your initial guess of 70k-100k is not too bad.
Hmmm, probably not, Bel
Working on the OOG stuff right now, brain's on a different track
Unless Firlz has anything to say. That was quick.
By giving a thug PCP, he upgrades to psycho.
It's like an evolution stone.
I like what Tier 4 has to offer, as far as an upper limit to mook competency.
Leader being something of a competent non-powered lieutenant, with points in command, etc.
Minions could get named, after hitting a certain threshold?
You mentioned named minions earlier and I wasn't quite sure where you were going with it.
By giving him lots of the namesake magazine.
Or by pointing him towards the PUA subreddit.
The first bit seems a little subjective. Let's go with the latter, for now, just for the sake of simplicity.
Your doc is WIP, spelt, so I can't give you a certain answer for that.
I was the one who wrote the doc :P
I like Nonagon's additions to the OOG stuff, for less villainous actions to pursue.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Makes the "promote / tutor / mentor" options more attractive.
I like where this is going, especially the diversity feeling of the gang.
For the OOG stuff?
I was just planning on running PvP street fights in channel.
Because there's a lot of PVP that's going to happen.
It's for the GM, mostly, but also so the players know the capabilities of their underlings?
I'm not sure why you're so vehemently against this, Bel. You might not have use for the system, but this thing I'm trying?
If I didn't have mechanical structure, I'd crash and burn, fast.
Er, you know the context of why we're working on this?
10 unique organizations in one town.
Each day in game-time, ideally, will correspond with each day in real-time.
Correspondence chess style.
I can't do that without a system to rely on.
Hm, yeah, fair, Panda hasn't shown up at all today.
It's not a session, Bel, that's the point.
Player PMs me, says, "I want to capture Turf B" and I say "OK" and roll some dice.
I think you're being overly critical of the concept without fully realizing the context behind why it's being put together, which is frustrating.
I generally agree with you, in terms of being looser with mechanics for the sake of narrative, but for this kind of game, trying that would kill me.
Maybe offer some bonuses to "seize building" if the building is in your turf.
!addquote "Tanuki hasn’t but tanuki is aware of the general idea, that’s not just living forever though, you’re adding eternal torment to the mix. But this isn’t the topic for a discussion about theoretical immortality. auu~"
Case 53 Biigoh
Horrific, feral, rabid racoon-monster
Massive nutsack a-scrapin' the floor
Spends all of his time on PHO, desperate for huggles and snuggles
Oh god
I'm choking
pink oh my god
my fucking sides
!addquote <Pink> would actually add an interesting layer to the 'adding eternal torment' thing if they actually are a scrote-dragging raccoon beast
Waiting on Panda and Tell to get me their character sheets, but before that I want a workable first draft of the system finished.
Mish and Non are helping a lot, I'm hoping to have something by the end of this week, but that's an optimistic estimate.
Hell no.
Cleveland is always the priority. :P
No, I still need to give you your fundraiser money, actually.
Jesus allegory tinker-abomination
Let me PM you.
nay
PM me?
oh, got it
word
!quote 229
Yeah, Non.
Slow day at the middle school / high school writing club at the library.
Pink pitched the premise of the SpaceBattles user "biigoh" being canonically a grotesque tanuki, trawling PHO for huggles and snuggles.
My sides, thus far, have not yet recovered.
Would Scrote Bludgeon be a moderate bash, or a minor bash with a stacking morale penalty?
Heh.
Alternate (and arguably correct) name for the mythological Sphinx, as per Hesiod's Theogony.
What other references are there, Non?
Yael, Zulfiqar, mmm
Bang
How do you like your subordinates in Flint, Panda?
Could probably type up summaries when I'm arsed to do it
Busy working on some stuff atm, though.
Wrapping up a project, designing a workable airflow balancing solution for a cast-iron and steel melting 12-tuyere blast furnace up in Birmingham.
ATM, flow imbalance is causing rich combustion on one edge of the blast furnace, incinerating chunks off the refractory lining and costing them about $10,000 a week in damages.
The iterative solution was fun, but typing up an report and presentation for the old dudes who run the place is a real pain in the ass.
Installing some variable-diameter orifice plates into the inlets of the 12 tuyeres supplying air to the cupola. Should theoretically have a 10-15 year life, and should cost less than $10,000 to replace.
Really just a matter of getting those diameters pinpoint-precise.
PM me the specifics
Probably won't be free 'til Monday, though
@Teller - Modified Flint document.
Yr subordinate capes are Barnstorm and The Equalizer.
Would be interesting to work on it at the same time as Bow, to see if we arrive at similar conclusions.
I should do that again, but it's been a while since I've been in a 'high fantasy' mood.
Panda's sniper, End, was in Katabasis, and was involved in a project involving the construction of an alchemical dragon, IIRC.
Oh?
Oh.
I know what I did.
You're right, you're right.
School's Out Forever
[Personal Goal]
Hey, Dolyn.
Not bad. I have character sheets and most relevant materials from everyone.
All that's left is to cannibalize each into an OOG administration doc, and get weekly actions from Dal, Shem, Mish, Tell, Panda, Ace, and Lavo.
And clean up the rulebook, ofc.
Not doing much today, finalizing the reports on this project I've been working on over the past year.
Nah, you're not locked in by any means.
Nice, thanks.
If I have the chance I'll take a look tonight.
Heh, students.
Let me sup on your misery.
IIRC, the Shez wanted to Taxman it up today, tho he's currently AFK?
That doesn't look too bad.
304 is Linear Algebra?
It's one day out of the week, you wimp.
Only PC who's interacted with her at the time is Saff.
Don't fret too much about the noncanon capes, anyhow.
Very, very busy right now, Pelt.
I'm interested to see where Oakland progresses, and hopefully get a look at people who are more actively looking into Poe's disappearance.
Whoa there buddy
I haven't started accepting chargen for Cleveland yet
Hold your horses
Yeah?
Roll for what?
Uhh, elaborate?
Have no idea what you're talking about.
Ohh, for the test run.
Right, yeah.
Sorry, in the midst of wrapping up a project I've been working on for a little under a year.
Deadline is obnoxious, and I do better on the technical stuff than making a presentation on it.
That's what I'm talking about too, Ward.
Not accepting test run applicants yet.
Honestly, that video should be required watching.
I wonder what Pink has to say about that.
Applications are closed.
Should probably change the campaign document to reflect that.
Mhm.
Character generation is post-culling, anyways.
Bel, link me Ward's logs for AssassinRP so I can see how many chits he's getting for writing / RP quality.
Read the doc.
Char gen after I roll the dice.
No, I roll the dice to cull the herd.
Cribbed that from Lausanne.
Not a fan?
Oh, that's right, I'm a jackass.
I forgot I wrote campaign-specific triggers.
Yeah, let me fix that.
On one hand, I want to curtail the low-quality character sheets from entry, but on the other hand, I don't want to have to deal with chargenning a bunch of characters, then looking at them, saying "bleh, this sucks, you're out, and thanks for wasting one of my triggers".
So I'll just do it based off of prior writing, I guess.
Yeah, that's a fair point.
kek
Nice to see that there are only two results in google for the phrase "Gristledinger", both of them pastebins of said sessions.
Saved me a hell of a lot of searching.
Oh, sweet.
Linking someone your logs b/c I thought they were bitchin'
Grindslinger and Gristlemauler
That's fucked up dude.
Unflavored protein shake mixed with banana and peanut butter would be OK.
But at that point you might as well use chocolate.
Arson Jones: "Yeah, I heard Grindmauler drinks unflavored protein shakes. Yeahhh, I think, for the good of society, that guy should be put the fuck down, as quickly as possible."
Califa: Ask around. The problem is that there are far more players than GMs, and most GMs already have established campaigns with slots that fill up extremely, extremely quickly.
SCG doesn't need to roll the Ruin flaw.
SCG is the Ruin flaw.
Dragon's mostly busy chasing down the S9 so I'm kind of cheesing it by only having her proto-AI do things.
Can't handle the weight of NPCing an extremely significant canonical character.
That'd fuck me right up.
Speak of the fucking devil
Busy until Monday or later
Elsewhere.
Not bad. Aiming to finish up this weekend.
Each iteration is 6 hours, so I have to keep nipping in and out of the lab at odd hours.
You should GM for the newbies, pelt.
Personally, I think "Rumblebee" is the worst.
Goddamn, nobody likes the Delta Brigade. :|
The most important piece of intel is what "B.F.T" stands for.
Get cracking, soulpelt|.
Bang is the best NPC.
Uhh, it's clearly "bowling for teeth".
Yeah, NPCs not aligned with any player faction will appear.
Rate at which they appear will be proportional to how quickly the city goes to shit.
Doubt I'll get the opportunity to name myself, so probably "that fucker".
Howdy-do, Wilbur.
I shot two goons point blank, they got  a graze apiece, IIRC.
Tbf, really bad roll made by someone undergoing significant drug withdrawals
I wasn't offended by it
Benefit for close range
Near misses become minor hits IIRC
Howdy, Dol, Tell.
I look forward to your impending gang war.
:D
Yeah, got it, Lavos
NPC cape power details will be a valuable commodity.
Some people are sandbagging and other people are bluffing, etc.
Shockodile confirmed S class threat
!roll 3d13
!roll 3d6
sekrit
Not in this channel, please.
OTS of Lausanne, I have my plans for Tinkering.
Okay, roger that.
Just shout at me when you need'm.
My downtime should be nice and easy.
I'm going to make Kool-Aid out of bleach, Windex, and battery acid.
And feed it into my little shoulder-mouths.
Let me drink my battery acid Kool-Aid in peace, you jackass.
You on arc 5 yet, scraggy?
Are you supping on your tears yet?
Get your toesies nice and comfortable while you boohoo.
That looks pretty darn comfy.
For about 10 more minutes yeah
!quote 228
The context just made it worse, no?
Hmm, what good quotes do I have?
!search anti
!quote 189
Nice.
Hey Raccoon! Been a while!
!quote 216
Where'd you vanish off to, Raccoon?
You still in high school, Rac?
Last year?
Nice.
Know where you're going?
Why must you spit on academia, Pink?!
:'0
Oh, nice.
I gave a guest lecture there once.
It's a nice place.
eSports, hahaha.
personally, I recommend the latter, but it depends on how you approach problems
 IT stuff I think, falls more under the category of computer science
but I could be mistaken, as it's not my field of expertise
any particular reason why you picked UAH?
yeah, as long as you don't do it too late, changing majors doesn't hurt you too badly
some of your credits may not be applicable to your new major, which indicates time wasted, but better that than being stuck in a major that you dislike
last time I was there they had just finished building the new student center, it was pretty bitchin'
Morning, folks.
the fucking mound olympus
can i join ft town so i can kill david
Sharp pencils
Thunderpony?!
If you have any questions, feel free to ask me.
'noon, Tell.
Welcome back, Thunderpony
Yeah. Got some work backlogged and today I'm making takoyaki for some friends
Just need some weekly plans for certain players
They're like grilled balls of batter with octopus inside.
Afternoon, Bow.
so I trimmed off all of the tentacles for the octopus, because that's all I really need
but I'm kind of at a loss as to what to do with this creepy, wrinkly, deflated octopus head
The tentacles are going to be used for dinner
Hm.
Someone raised the idea of getting the Worm wiki back into shape.
Not averse to the idea, but I do dislike Wikia.
But, would lend an air of officiality to a community-edited wiki.
Not sure if I'd like that, not sure if we have the resources to moderate that sufficiently.
But, as it stands right now, the Wikia is kinda unpleasant to look at, and doesn't provide too much information.
The question is, would it be better to buckle down and clean it up, or start from scratch?
I'm favoring the latter, wondering if WB / Gundor / etc. would be OK with hosting the new version on the parahumans.net domain that we now have.
Would much prefer MediaWiki to Wikia.
Check it out.
It's free, open-source.
It's fantastic, honestly.
I've worked with it a lot in the past and the syntax and UI and all that jazz, it's really convenient and intuitive.
The issue is that it needs hosting, whereas Wikia lets you just host on their site.
I don't think hosting and server-space are likely to be an issue, but I'm concerned that having that subdomain would make it an "official" wiki.
Which, mmmh. Not sure how I feel about that.
o/
Hey Yew! Didn't realize you were on, didn't mean to ping you.
Glad you're here to lend your thoughts on the matter, though.
When you say 'correct', though, in which regard?
Hmm.
One of my bigger concerns with Wikia is its ad density.
Yeah, but even so.
The gaps where the ads are kind of fuck with the formatting.
MediaWiki's so goddamned aesthetically pleasing.
Hmm, Moinmoin doesn't look bad.
Do they provide hosting?
^
Wikia is pretty bleck.
That's true.
I suppose the thing that settles the issue is whether we want to have an "official" wiki or not.
Oh, was it?
I must have been absent for it.
Heh, yeah.
Starting a new wiki seems less daunting than modifying the current one.
Yeah, it's gotten worse.
Taking a look at wiki.wiki
They seem a lot less scummy, and use the MediaWiki platform to boot.
Hrm. Looks like they're not taking applications for the moment.
Ah, well.
Oh, and it needs you to register for a domain, in any case.
Not worth the trouble.
Hrm.
Yeah, I doubt we have the manpower.
Yeah.
If it helps expand the community, or drum up more interest, then I think it'd be worth it.
Hm.
Seems doable, in theory, if we can get enough people to commit.
Empy also expressed interest, IIRC.
Another point of concern regarding the worm wikia is that the admin may have ditched it.
parahumans.wikia.com seems to redirect, as well, so I don't know if starting a new one there would be feasible.
No advertisements, better format, etc.
Even if we don't say it, though, that seems to implicitly give it the weight of an "official" wiki.
Which could be a theoretical concern.
Heh, fair.
Congratulations, Bel.
Dialing 911 reroutes you to the PRT operator, was it the former or the latter that you had an issue with?
Let me spend some time looking up standard law enforcement response protocols.
Cry me a river of pudding, then.
There's more room to be cautious, here, as the PRT has less forces than most law enforcement, and it wouldn't do to have a significant fraction of my manpower (cape, squaddie, or otherwise) diverted by a prank call.
Let me give this some thought.
Well, were you crying it?
See, you would have been able to fend them off if you had the power to cry rivers of pudding.
So, by this string of circuitous logic, the blame clearly lies with you.
For the inability to lacrimate pudding.
Let's all make fun of the guy who can't weep desserts.
Haw, haw!
It's not often that you have a cape that has the ability to manipulate and duplicate liquids of some form, and the gumption to select pudding as said liquid.
He's sandbagging, and I hope he never uses acid.
Sorta like how Flashpoint's just this dude with a super soaker, when he could be burning down the Hoover Dam.
I dig it.
it looks like a trigger that would be fun to make a power for, but at the same time the premise of it does not particularly thrill me.
are you looking at the Tinker document and trying to reverse engineer specific triggers to fill up the classes a little better?
That's fair. once I'm done moving furniture today, I will also add some triggers to the list
Ballistics Thinker / Brute
Simple and strong. Idiot dude hurls heavy things with great accuracy.
Doesn't look bad, Non.
oooh. I dig the sibling suggestion.
Yeah, that feels better
Not sure how I should tackle the dialogue in a trigger with line breaks, hmm.
I don't remember when you had it vetted, but I'm not too fond of the trigger, personally.
That being said, I gave my suggestion for the power.
Nah, it isn't.
What campaign is it for?
With GM fiat, you could feasibly reroll it.
Some jackass playing around with the filter, probably.
Yeah, not worth the effort.
Considering rerolling Ace's trigger, as we've been stalled on this one for several days.
Your thoughts?
Could one of y'all ping me when Wildbow gets on, as well as Teller?
Two separate topics I'd like to discuss with them.
No, not at all.
Wounds system is fine.
Things are fine as is, it's just a perception fallacy where people are getting upset that you can get knocked out by "minor" wounds.
Minor doesn't mean trivial, it's a relative scale.
Could go with Nonagon's suggestion and reword Minor<Moderate<Critical with Moderate<Major<Critical.
What's your question, then?
I may be lacking context.
What rolling?
You're being too vague.
It's Kurama, not Kanna.
Oh, okay.
Ah, understood.
That's a reasonable simplification, I feel
Still allows for called shots.
No, it doesn't
Also, the change likely means that it can be modified with respect to the incoming armor revamp, so yeah.
That makes sense, I dig it.
It seems like nothing new was discussed after you logged off, so you can just go back and read the logs.
Seems like it.
Seems like Raiment or Omnigrade.
Let me look it up again.
Imbues clothing with energy, as per Dauntless or Omnigrade. Luminescent effect on altered clothing, significant increase in durability. As reinforced equipment becomes damaged, energy contained within starts acting unpredictably. Cape can explode the altered clothing.
Bit of a truncated version of the power writeup, IIRC, but I can't find the full version.
Doesn't seem particularly fitting to the trigger, not pleasant to mechanically implement.
What's to stop from spamming roll checks until you get the maximum result?
Sanction Shaker is an OK concept, but it seems like a weird implementation.
Hunh, did that double post?
Sorry.
Same content. Must have uploaded twice.
Just trying to put out a few triggers to refill the spreadsheet.
Think the one I posted is fine?
Cool, let's see if I can get the doc back up to 65 by today.
My next prompt is a Tinker-type trigger that has nothing whatsoever to do with academia or achievement.
Hrm..
*.
Catch-22 reference?
You'll have to refresh my memory, been a while since I read it.
Pyrrhic victory.
The triggeree gives their all and more to solve a long-standing problem, but when the dust settles, they've lost far more than they've gained.
Hmm, how to further specify.
Nice, I'll roll with it.
This is irritating. I'm on a library computer and it keeps double posting.
Another trigger prompt, then - 
"If you're a witch, you'll float, and we'll kill you. If you're not, you'll drown, thus proving your innocence."
How to modernize this situation into a trigger?
Mmmh, not weighty enough.
Lacks the frustration of the false accusation, the frustration of being forced into a lose-lose situation where the stakes are death.
Lacks the frustration of the absurdity.
Perhaps something to do with an M-scan (brain scan indicating whether the subject has corona pollentia [or was it gemma?])
Hey, Tell.
Thought I did, but I resolved the issue.
On second thought, could still be relevant.
Was wondering about implementing some code for ATM wherein long triggers have line breaks inserted after periods, thus making each string of text < {var} characters.
By the by, Tell, have you sent me your orders for the first week of Flint yet? Think I'm still waiting on a handful of people, tho' I can't recall whom, as I'm on a public computer at the moment.
No rush.
It's like, first draft orders, anywho.
Well, consider this me asking you.
Oh, hey, Wilbow.
Mhmm.
Best to plan for the full week, then modify if significant circumstances arise.
Saves hassle on both parties' ends.
Sure. I have about half an hour, give or take.
What campaign's it for?
o/
Aye, it is.
Oh, right, that one.
Sure, repost it?
Wasn't there an old perk like that?
Yeah.
May as well shoot.
Whoa, we're still on this?
Though this was settled an hour or two ago.
We've been stalled on this trigger for about 5-6 days, with complaints being raised regarding it, so I'm in favor of the reroll.
I've given my suggestions for this power over 3 instances.
I don't recall a few of them, as they were several days prior.
Ballistics Thinker/Brute - hurls heavy objects (car-scale), ability supplements trajectory/deviation.
Truncated version of my suggestion this morning, IIRC.
When a power gen goes long enough that you don't remember your prior contributions, well... bleh.
That's what I thought too, tubes.
I dunno, Proth.
I think part of the old Fallout RP's charm was reflected in the fact that I was allowed to ram a pike tipped with unstable explosives up a vagrant's bunghole.
What, is that a sodomy check, or an explosives check?
Not yet. I do have it, but holding off until winter break, as I've some projects to conclude.
There's a pretty clear dichotomy between Minion Master and Mindfuck Master.
The alliteration is better. :|
Not bad.
Edict is a good example.
Hang on. PMing cashy for the trigger
Agreed with Cyrix.
This looks pretty clear cut Stranger to me. Any master effects might be secondary, or tertiary.
Tempban until powergen is over.
What's your line of reasoning, Pink?
Mebbe I'm missing something here.
Oh, I completely misread the last bit.
Yikes, okay, betrayal by an unknown but very proximate party.
I get it now, Pink, thanks for the clarification.
Thinker/Master - Allegiance perception/distortion. A psychometric version
Similar to Saltykov's, albeit weaker in application, trading power for control
Needs a twist
Oh, nice.
We're on the same wavelength here.
Single target. Takes the measure of a person - their priorities, allegiances, etc
For this power, not Saltykov.
Capable of inverting said variables to a certain degree.
I'm wondering if there is a way to apply a stranger element here
Yeah, I feel it
Downplay the thinker aspect, play up the master aspect
Morning, Tell.
Oh, man, I really like Pink's suggestion.
Combat utility, with a lot of interesting mechanical implementation.
Seconding it.
Uh, not really?
Most powers have their mechanics nailed down after we do the writeup.
Nice.
Let's get OB back in here to roll luck, then.
Bubble blower tower defense.
Hair dryer tinker.
Nice.
Consumption of the kelp induces a diuretic effect in the victim
with fronds like these, who needs anemones
7 sins naming convention is superbia / avaritia / luxuria / invidia / gula / ira / acedia  IIRC
Take the Cashy spam to #gamedesign, or better yet, PM.
Hm?
No, Pride is taken.
No, it's taken.
That document isn't the only criteria.
Howdy, W'bow.
"If a crazed Tinker is demanding you release the whereabouts of his daughter, and you find you lack aforementioned information, press the pound sign, followed by your social security number."
Yo.
Yeah, it is.
I'm going to ask Batguy if he wants a position as a squaddie.
And maybe give him an honorary Brute designation.
Let Frederick rest, Lenticular!
He is enjoying a pleasant seaside vacation!
Secor's in-character dream is to have a Tinker chained up in her basement.
Don't have any Tinkers on staff who are into that kind of thing.
I enjoyed the session!
_seen Zipperless
Now I just need to figure out how Spade fits into all of this.
Very satisfying to watch Grantsville play out.
Afternoon, Wildbough.
*40 known capes
Quick headcount - I remember some people in here interested in helping out with the wiki. Could you make yourselves known to me?
Should be free, Bel.
First one is really nice.
Does anyone from the old, old crew remember the Cardinals or the Theatre?
Was looking at their tabs in the trigger spreadsheet, curious about the context.
Regarding the Trigger #3 -
The Guild is a loose organization of traveling heroes
Oh, nvm, if it's been used
Draining, being bled dry
Steady loss- bleed, or siphon?
Strength Tinker
Single item, continuously upgraded
A Ghostbusters-esqe vacuum pack comes to mind
Not really
Weaponized singularity
Black hole armament
So?
Still a tinker trigger
Not that I'm aware of
Seems fine to me.
Anyways, like I was saying:
Strength Tinker - single item, armament; weaponized singularity
Broad in application, as Tinker tinkers, can be refined into a specific application
Nexus cannon, inverse flamethrower
I'm being scientifically very loose here, Bel
Yeah
Swiss army black hole
It's thematic, rather than a true weaponization of a singularity
We're still poking at themes and structure and motif here as we would any Blaster/Shaker/Striker power
Rather than trying to nail things down with scientific rigor
So we have a single focus item that can be calibrated to perform certain tasks
High-strength repulsion / attracktion
Extradimensional storage
*attraction
Crushing fields of gravity
etc, etc.
Ooh, projectile redirection/harvesting
I like that
Not too heavy as far as extradimesnional storage insofar as "I keep my suit fueled by a fusion reactor I keep in a spare dimension"
But a configurable multi-array storage space
Emphasis on versatility, not raw power
Wait, are we saying the opposite thing here Bel
Aye, yeah
We already have capes that do that
Sufficiently unique, seems fun to play
Well, while you were gone, toobs, we finished genning the power
I ddosed you
I ddosed you with the ghosts of confederate soldiers
Bel, could you take the power gen? Got to run down to the other lab
Singularity Phylactery
If you pick the first option, PM me
I have a cool idea
But it's better as a mystery to the player
rip
at some point, scraggy, I would really like to see armadas Tinker tables.
after the dust has settled, of course.
oh wow, mine was the first?
I didn't expect that.
yeah, definitely. It was well put together to the point where I did not realize I was the guinea pig, so to speak
There he is
How do you feel about your fursona Tubes
goddamn right i am
ITT: Bel is a Big Boy
god damn
o7
!search icicle
Let me know if I'm forgetting anything.
Mashed potatoes are done, dol
As are rolls, gravy, cinnamon honey ham
Stuffing is almost done
o7
That's where you coat the turkey in salt and cram some salt up its bunghole?
I did a wet brown sugar brine this time
Was that the one where you roll a perk, but reroll any face cards?
I think I remember seeing that
That makes more sense, pelt.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
I like that idea.
Bit of a low-stakes gamble if you can still pick remaining options, though.
"a wee bit of a hassle"
;p
Sol Pelt sounds like a powerful upgrade
Powered by the sun! The warrior of justice! He is... Sol Pelt!
pffftttt
I love it
Five points and you could have gotten a Saint body pillow
Save up! It's only wise
Bahahahaha
silly jokes aside, I hope Worm merch is in the near future
I have a pretty decent design for a Saint t-shirt.
Ascalon in big banner text, comprised of binary reading "Saint did nothing wrong", with a stylized mechanical lance in the foreground
I prefer simplicity, tbh
 Ooh. Guessing you lose the option taken, next milestone?
Asterisk for the double clause, prolly
!addquote 7:10 PM <Nineagon> "You murdered enough people. You are now, at last, satisfied."
Weaver Dice - Minestrones
A supplementary document by soup_pelt
3 doesn't jive to well with me, 4 is cool but could use more detail
I dig 1 though
Would be fun to make a power for
I should write some more triggers.
Did some on monday that came out well but I think the list needs some more
We're burning through a lot of triggers this week!
Like, six or so?
Hunh?
You mean Kelpjoke?
Hey, Non, are you free right now?
You were one of the folks rolled for Cleveland Arc 2.
If you're up for it, we can powergen.
Brute/Shaker/Trump jump out at me the most, here.
What do you guys think?
Not seeing the three, but one makes sense here.
I want to focus on the element of the very sudden tables being turned
This dude is chained up, at the mercy of six guys with huns
*guns
And now, the triggeree is surrounded by the corpses of their five buddies, bleeding out in a meat locker
Ice seems a little bit pat.
If we wanted to go that way, Blood and Shaker jump out at me, but those are just initial thoughts
Could argue for minion Master here, actually
You called for help... but nobody came.
I have it open in another tab, will get to it when the powergen is done.
This one, Pink
I want to focus a little more on the more abstract elements of the trigger, rather than jump for the easy pickings
Tables being rapidly turned, bleeding out, losing feeling in body, slipping away
ya feel me
It's more the fact that no help is coming
Minion master, as opposed to other people master
Feel free to overrule me on this, you know how I love to overcomplicate things :P
^
That doesn't sound bad.
A configurable expression of power, both defensive and offensive.
That doesn't sound bad. It definitely sounds fun to play, since it enables a lot of decisionmaking
Whereas Upperhand keeps the vector of the power and changes the element to his own (gravity), this cape has a base vector of "fists/body" and the element is variable?
I'm cool with that.
I can worry about the numerical representations of the physical stat buffs later
Yeah, you can leave the numbers being nailed down to me
But I like the idea
I think we're good to roll luck?
>tfw when nona gets ruin again
Hmm.
Whatever the default $luck roll is.
These are both really good luck rolls! I like them both.
Sure, I'm down.
Nice way to wind down for the evening.
I'll give it a try.
!roll 1d10
Nice.
@Pelt - They're cool with me. Number three could maybe use some more detail, but it's cool, I like having more triggers that make you start off as a bad dude.
Huh? That one's Nonagon's, Hiero
I'm ready, Pan.
Want to chargen in #Other for less noise?
Sure, let's do it.
lostavocado - your Portland Tinker Table for Accelerando is done.
I'm rereading the Cleveland log where Firlz botched the Dust Devils op.
Man, that was a good session.
Pick a tinkering, pursue that line of thought further, etc
Tinker a lag grenade, say, "hmm, what if I increase the compressibility rate", work your way up to a stasis grenade
sorta thing
Are you an architect, Proth? :o
I tried making floor layouts in autocad
was not my jam tbh
?
Huh? Though I was in the van already.
Decided on Penumbra
Busy right now.
Will be free in ~5 minutes.
OK, free.
!roll 1d6 Wits
!roll 1d6 Guts
!roll 1d6 Guts
!roll 1d6 GATTSU!
!roll 1d6 ... wittsu?
!roll 1d6 Brawn - struggle
!roll 1d6+1 Athletics
!roll 1d6+1
I don't think Dol is?
It's Italian. Some Latin bits (e.g., factotum)
Neither! I have my own motivations.
She's just in the wrong place, at the wrong time.
!roll 1d6 Wittsu
 No, the 1d100 Pink just rolled.
:3c
And just how would I know that? :|
Did you send me a cereal selfie?
I didn't think so!
Looks good.
Howdy, Tell.
Figaro!
Largo al factotum della citta, largo!
What a fine life, what fine pleasure
For a barber of quality! (of quality!)
Figaro has been my favorite Detroit NPC from the first time I read the logs, haha.
Like, what a perfect fucking schtick for a duplicator.
God, I love him.
The singing. Like, I gotta admire the guy who triggers with a self-duplicating power, and goes, "Y'know what? Let's go all Barber of Seville on this bitch.'
Despite having no formal training in baritone aria.
eating lunch at the moment.
what's up?
I'm caught up with Grantsville, Detroit, Berlin, Portland, Ft. Town, Oakland, and Laus.
Tell, you should check out the Detroit logs from yesterday.
Figaro is a blast.
The damn overture is taking too long.
I'm going to get my ass kicked before I get to the good Figaro parts. :|
Everything is ruined.
Augh!!
It was good ambiance. That homie is getting a raise.
If he was on my payroll.
If he's not, he is now. He's permanently assigned to following me around with the overture playing on a boombox.
My music-playing homie might have been incinerated. :(
Tubes removed access to the Dallas / Ledyard documents.
The salt is real.
a goast!!!
sprooky
Looks nice.
I'm digging that the template hints of the next trigger variation docs. :D
Two more arcs to go and Cleveland's logs will be all caught up and formatted.
I tend to prefer RPing in first person.
And GMing in second person.
Which can lead to some awkward bits.
:3c
These are winks of fear ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) 
edgelord
Afternoon, Tell.
Meet w/ Edelstein, Ibrahim, etc.
Further plans to follow after said meeting.
Is Chemelot like Camelot, but with more radioactive fallout?
Afternoon, Wilboar.
Spacekelp was NPCd, an is now attacking the High Court
@ Bel - You're already accepted into grad school / internship, no?
Agreed. Looks like a 0 or -1, given the circumstances.
But I don't know what his Gunfighting pips are.
Hrm. Yeah, -1 or -2, as I'm rereading the context.
Afternoon, Tell.
Afternoon, Dol.
Damn it!
I can't greet all of you!
I can fix that.
That has been there.
need to get to a computer first.
You have access now, Mega.
Keeping access limited to email, as anonymous people have been messing with the database enough that it's inconvenient.
OK, Dol, you're in.
Have two reasonably fleshed out ones for Lung and Saint
Probably going to use my calligraphy set to make the Lung one look nicer because lord knows I can't operate a tablet.
Also, then I get to mix my inks for a cool flame gradient effect.
Trigger idea...?
This question is probably only extremely interesting to me, but... I wonder if the CUI uses Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese.
As a corollary, how idealized is Mao Zedong, with regard to the CUI?
Sometimes I ask myself these questions.
"<Antioch> As a corollary, how idealized is Mao Zedong, with regard to the CUI?" How idealized was Robespierre, with regards to the first French Empire? Nicholas II, with regards to the USSR?
I couldn't tell you, honestly! My knowledge of European history is woefully incomplete.
Ahh, gotcha.
Thanks for the clarification.
I wonder if they would have bothered to revert back to Traditional Chinese, then? It seems more feasible.
Esp. given that the CUI is way more insular.
I have a hard time nailing down a mental image of the CUI
It feels like the 'imperialist china' bogeyman from the old sax rohmer books, haha
Ooh, Cauldron gen?
#sippin
"Now I can continue the cape ruse more convincingly!"
bottoms up~~
Hey, Pink, what format do you want for this?
I can't fix the log formatter for you, but here are raws that it will parse.
Just tried it myself.
o7
If I were a real Tinker I wouldn't have this fucking rat's nest of wiring :(
Spaghetti code I can agree on - I imagine the wires are plaited or something, for some reason
I'm interested, but I won't be available today.
Eh, screw it.
I can grade and play Berlin at the same time.
Hit me up, Vern
Yes. Cecelia as well, if she has a costume already.
Not the newbies, just the original three.
palms are sweaty
Surely Siegfried is a big enough face in this town that I know what he looks like.
Responses may be slow.
Giving a tour of the Biorobotics lab.
@Dol - Will have yr Tinker Table for you today.
Just have to finish grading (almost done) & give another tour of the lab at 12
Referencing SCG's character Blue Bomber's interaction w/ NPC Aurora Le Fay
In context of SCG's current character, Freezeout, who is closely allied with Aurora
!search cucked
!roll 1d6+1 Knowledge
A gymnastics coach
Waiting on some peoples' weekly actions
Got a lot on my plate at the moment (moreso than usual).
!roll 1d6
!roll 1d6 Ath
Personally, all the powers I make are baller as hell, so get dunked, buddy
B)
Rochester and what else?
Anywhere she can think of.
Personally, I wouldn't have much fun with playing a batshit powerful cape.
As a GM, having powerful capes shifts the narrative into a huge clusterfuck that I have trouble keeping track of.
There's going to be some jackass that flips the table and derails the campaign for everyone else.
And then what?
I lose motivation to GM, drop the campaign?
...
Forget it. We've had this discussion before.
>.>
I never said that you shouldn't.
It's your prerogative as a GM to do whatever the hell you want.
What's wrong with passive powers?
We've also had that discussion before.
These are things that already happen, OB.
You did not, Bel.
>.>
Drop it, OB.
We've had this discussion before, and frankly, it's getting obnoxious.
It's been rehashed several times over.
Well, write a multi-trigger then.
Easy.
Err, not particularly, Vern.
Hm? Nah
Your opinion regarding the derailment of a campaign is meaningless until you actually run one, OB.
Hm?
That didn't quite parse, Thal.
Do you not want me to convince people to run campaigns?
If you feel like running a campaign, do it.
If you're incompetent, it'll die out. If not, congratulations.
That's all the incentive I have to offer.
Quintessence of cracker
Hey, Pink, I've given you edit access to the Tinker Tables document.
I'd like some WoG on Arson Jones, tbh.
Instead of Leet Quest, there should be Arson Jones quest.
15' hemispherical radius
Foam grenades are the same size as an average modern grenade.
Cylindrical canister, fits into 'nade launcher.
Evenin', Bow!
I fucking love Qbert Qart
I'm playing pit for a play right now
Aiden is second gen, no direct relation to skitter, e.g.
Def not the latter
2nd gen makes the most sense
I'd love a Blaster that just fires, like, assorted teeth and kidney stones.
Pew pew.
wosh u SOUL
Germ-o-vision
Nooo, this trigger is bitchin'.
Here, but busy.
Sampson's attack? If so, yes
Hey, Tell.
Hey, Teller, mind answering a quick question for me?
Some of the sessions in the Grantsville doc are grey, while two are red.
What does the red mean?
Ah, I see!
All good!
I was really busy yesterday, too.
I should get some lunch, but it's rainy. :(
I've been considering it.
Mhm.
I wanna play a lame independent D-list superhero.
Commander Grandeur.
Nice.
Ten of swords flaw here I come.
I just want to be campy as fuck.
I shoulda applied to Fort Town.
Holy crap, OB.
That's not even your campaign.
Stop asking every day.
Eduarbro
!addquote <Mega|GM> They're so shit-tier a blind guy would be able to pick up how fake these fucking pictures are.
!delquote 235
Whoops.
what_did_you_say_about_me_you_little_bitch.m4a
Want to make this a group collab again?
The last was fun.
You don't have to reuse the same usernames. :P
!search tanuki
I wasn't around back then.
It was about half a year before I joined, I think.
kek
Ahh, that's cool.
I can think of a trigger I'd like to apply the details of this document on.
The amount of shitposting in this thread is intense.
Fucking bikevendor100
I love bikebendor100
*vendor
See if you can guess which ones I added.
Nope.
the saga of bikevendor100 continues
That's what you get for sitting in front of your computer, all alone, in your apartment.
You nerd
Pbbbtttt
Mildly spruced up the Cleveland document. Using Grantsville formatting for the log synopsis.
Also made a nice little header.
Thanks!
Non, Thal, and Dol are the new entrants to Cleveland
Caveat being that I have a shitload of finals / final projects to grade
...
I am available tomorrow.
8/20/2002
Including the 2002 part?
That would have made you the youngest person in chat, I think.
Oak tag.
What a rare colloquial term.
Posterboard.
Or pattern paper.
Well, since you bring it up
hey booboo
Axolotl is my nickname of choice.
Where is the Sewer Cannon Tinker when you need em
What's up?
Tomorrow, maybe.
Giving a presentation to the client today.
_seen Firlz
Hey, soulpelt|class, could you do me a favor?
Ah, back online.
I... think.
Says that Teller is the only person online. >.>
IRCcloud please.
_seen Dolyn
Afternoon, Bow!
If you guys want to poke around this doc, the topic was raised in chat the other day and I took some notes.
feel free to add your own ideas!
most of my ideas are more minimalist, heh
dam boi
Same.
Howdy, Dol
I'm available.
_seen Shemetz
Was wondering about Taxguy's status
!roll 1d4
Nah, timeskip is good.
errr
what was the 'job offer'?
!roll 1d6+1
!roll 1d6+2 (Dodge)
Make it an Athletics check, then
Or Sneak
they all have the same modifier
!roll 1d6+1 Awareness (if applicable)
I can pause and defer to apoc.
Honestly, it's fine.
I'm on all the time.
And I'm needed for something right now, which makes my responses slow AF.
Dol|Liliana - I'm seriously considering poaching Quickdraw for Cleveland.
You know what I mean >.>
It's a fun power, yo.
I'll wait for tubes to return.
And then see what happens.
Things are looking cleaner.
Tuzi is the only GM i know that does "roll to piss"
:P
goot noot
o/
Pink, you have edit rights to the Cape Database now.
Hey Vern.
You're up early! ... or have you not slept at all?
; o ;
Godspeed.
Howdy, P.
Afternoon, Tell.
Certain Cauldron vials cause mental deviations that can lead to partial or total memory loss.
The Lausanne Case 53, Reimann, didn't need Cauldron's slug to brain-wipe him - the mutation did the trick by itself.
The odds of that happening, though, are mighty slim.
You guys want to fool around with this some more?
Had some questions with respect to the 12 Classification shirts.
Are there official logos for each?
If not, I may fool around with some vector graphics.
Not too fond of the Reddit flairs corresponding to each.
It's not me.
Jolly?
Probably not.
!search cucked
Trying to think of simple, minimalist logos for each of the 12 classifications
Something that the PRT might use, a convenient logograph
Hey, I /like/ Figaro
You can do the _seen function via PM, btw
Ohh, righto
This seems suspiciously like a euphemism
Oh, that sounds delicious
Actually, I have canned cranberries and pie crust in the fridge
I might pick up some frozen blueberries and give that recipe a shot
Yes, please!
I've got a couple good blueberry bushes that did pretty well this year, but I've burned through all my stock. :(
What about a rowdy flock of five-year olds that hound your every step without surcease?
Hey, Shem, when are you gonna play Tax Boy?
Thought you were asked about it the day before yesterday
Hence my wondering
You sure?
Bow was asking if players were available, you responded.
Can find the logs, mebbe.
Maybe make a schedule of times when you're available and see where they coincide
Ah, I feel ya. You were up mighty early today.
How close are you?
I think I'm next in line for Berlin. Sorry for holding things up.
Had to put together a poster for the client, god knows why.
Puttering about in the piano lab before rehearsal starts.
Thinking about picking up an Undertale tune for fun while I wait.
Welcome back, Tell.
What's the game you're working on, Thal?
Do you have any idea on what, err, archetype of campaign you'd like to run, Thal?
What do you have in mind, excepting intent to start one?
Let me know if there's anything I can do to help.
Any prior experience with DMing / writing?
Oh? What've you DMed? Did you like it?
You're coming into this with more experience than I did, you'll do more than fine.
Just getting the time and convincing yourself to put out bunch of words.
That's the trick!
What is it?
Er, fair enough.
I'm hoping some campaigns open up soon, as I have a handful of fun character ideas bouncing around that seem like a shame to waste on NPCs.
Hmm?
Oh, with regard to getting yours started?
Mmm, a secondary motivation at best.
As it stands right now, smoothing out the GM to player ratio is good enough for me.
I'm really damned curious as to what Teller has in mind after Grantsville.
Hey everyone.
One more week of this nonsense and I'll be back to my summer schedule.
With some labwork on the side. Georgia Tech finalized their design for a motorized ankle orthotic, gotta build a mount for it and run it through some testing.
Nothing as taxing as what I've been rasslin' with lately.
How goes your research and academia, Bel?
Heh. First night I've gotten a nice 7 hour sleep in a week or so, myself.
Hey Scrags.
They're NPCs now.
I feel you, Bel. Two summers ago I found it really easy to doze off in the PIV lab 'cause the laser dumped a fuckoff huge amount of heat.
Wasn't Lensdoc's trigger based on my laser lab fuckup?
I don't remember if it was written "you tripped over a coolant tube and fell into an active laser" or "one of your grad students tripped and fell into your active laser"
Ah, okay.
For me it was the latter, but it was more of a close shave than them actually getting lasered.
I'll one-up your vocaroo, scrags, just you wait
I'm trying to think of Grantsville themed song parodies
"If you're homeless and you won't be missed / you can count on the Bakery paying a visit"
Friedrich seems to be doing a decent job of it
I hope someone rolls the face scrapey trigger soon
It's been a bit since I wrote a fun brute and I have some ideas, thanks to the Brute doc
Cashy has blessed a few Cleveland NPCs.
If I remember right, Pizzicato rolled four consecutive sixes against the Auswahlen.
Seeya.
Ten! Of! Swords!
Gloating flaw
Surprised y'all haven't figured out Feral's flaw yet.
Probably one of the situations where I feel like I've divulged sufficient information but it's been glossed over
What happened? D:
:0
Saturday might work, but Sunday is right out.
Who do you need, Bow? Panda or the Shem?
Sounds good, Vern.
Arc scheduling versus Week scheduling, fundamentally.
I dunno. People who have more things happen to them, people who set themselves up to have more things happen to them, they're gonna come out with a proportionate amount of experience.
Scheduling's the primary concern, for me.
I never come first, but I'll make an exception for you. ;)
One hour and fifteen minutes 'til showtime.
No, I'm in an actual show.
Hence my busyness as of late.
I'm a musician, stage superstitions are inapplicable to me.
Just playing pit for She Kills Monsters.
Oh?
I've also done Little Shop of Horrors, Chicago, Bye Bye Birdie, Phantom of the Opera.
Would kill a man to play timpani for Les Mis.
I'll give it some thought, Vern.
What's the campaign this power is for, Panda?
Whoa!
News to me
Give me some time to think about it.
Revulsion, reversal, perceived (pseudo) betrayal, abstract 'damage' to loved ones
Triggeree expects self to be next victim
Link me the Trump variations doc?
You remember that dude that Number Man fought?
The cauldron subject?
That, but bodies - for self and others, perceived
X amount of alternate selves, superimposed on self
Select one to be dominant. Each one varies in application, perceives parahumans with a similar 'power' silhouette superimposed on them
Striker can target power silhouette to fuck with powers - erode at one aspect, power, control, accuracy
Silhouettes of self serve a breaker purpose, like a dilute version of Scion's well
cycling through varying self-silhouettes modifies vector of striker attack
in practice, much like the cauldron subject, but visually, limbs flicker and stutter from position to position
Always on, but the cycling effect is conscious
So switching between silhouettes is a toggle, in practice
I felt like adding more but I feel like it would bog down
Uhh what do you mean?
the silhouettes aren't that distinct
no need to have a list
though maybe having to track wounds for each 'body'
ehhh
doesn't feel right
depletable resource feels better
almost a 'you have X lives' sort of thing
where X is also the different vectors of attack you have
Better to sac some lives to put yourself on top and in a more stable position than be a coward and try to miserly hold on to all your lives
Feels nice, pretty wormish
Seems fine
Oh, got it
consumes silhouettes of slain parahumans to replenish stock
boom
even more worm
The parahuman consists of multiple 'shadows' superimposed on the cape. Only one is active, cape can actively shuffle between 'shadows' making it the active body. Each shadow has its own wounds, and each limb can exist in a different spatial location per shadow, allowing the parahuman vectors of attack equal to the shadows they possess. Shadows can die as per
usual, serving as an 'extra life' for the cape - deceased shadows vanish. Other parahumans seen by this cape also have shadows representative of their power visible (a pyrokinetic might have a burning silhouette) and the parahuman can strike targeting the shadow to cripple a specific aspect of their ability (power, accuracy, control) - slain parahumans can
have their shadows harvested to replenish that the cape's stock.   
If that summary serves, we can roll luck now.
My love for you is like a truck
BERSERKER
WOULD YOU LIKE TO MAKING FUCK
BERSERKER
dammit
I'm just setting the timer
Alright, go!
Code to follow strictly
What code do you have in mind?
Someone's gonna tell you that you like sticking pretzels in your dickhole and then what are you gonna do
Guess you just have to suck it up
TWO NEMESES!
lad
scelesta doesn't let you take major arcana, dogg
1 thru 57
antiochusual
heh
It's Not Antiochusual
To Be Loved By Anyone
Yeah. Flavorwise it's like pressure points but thinker ability lets you target each area for specific effect
Hand to hand
Yeah.
Mod. Bash + Debuff
Yep.
Hmm, I'll leave that to SCG
Personally I'm against it
Trigger didn't have a power boosting trump flavor to it
Hmmm
I'll leave that to scrags as well, but don't see why you couldnt
As long as it's fun to play
Typing it on my phone was such a hassle
And attacking where they don't expect it
Throw a straight right, flicker into a haymaker
24 now
I'm backstage
Made a power for panda
Debuffs temporary, death is permanent
Yeah.
Think of the debuffs as the power flaws
:0
Tell, did you see my far better grantsville song parody
I... uh... have it somewhere...
But I don't like the power either :p
Stuck on syllabic structure of second verse
"If you're homeless and you won't be missed / you can count on the Bakery paying a visit / 'cause our leader believes he's Scion / harvesting your body's something he's got his eye on"
last line feels weird
PAFO is my favorite thing to tell a player
"We are the Bakery / just stay out of our game / don't ask too many questions / and you might just keep your name / that's why the Fifty-Threes of Grantsville / forgot us - Junius! Haze! Golden Son! And Redact!"
Bit of a stretch there
:D
You gotta kill them yourself.
meh
a session where 20 minutes are wasted visiting a cape graveyard
Discussion of Adonis in the social eye, Large fire at Grosse Pointe
Banger and Mash speculation/discussion thread
Verdict thread, occasional creep posting sleaze within
That's a really good idea!
I dig that.
kek
Hello My Name Marco The Fossa And Son Polo The Fossa I Sell Bike You Buy
Sleeping / making breakfast and lunch
It's Saturday - first night in about 17 days I've been able to get 7+ hours of sleep. Felt like sleeping in, and despite that, it's still not before noon.
!quote 240
Shemophone, Panda, IIRC the Bow said he was down to clown today
So that's what they call it these days
I had some spare time and I decided to sketch some of the stuff my Lausanne tinker will be building
one sec
Oops, sorry, you'll have to tilt your head.
The power armor isn't very well proportioned, and it's a bit of a messy sketch besides, but hopefully you can see what I'm going for.
My art skills are pretty subpar, excepting cartography
Hopefully I can shore that up over this upcoming break
There are some things that I'll probably be bad at forever
But a lot of fun is had in saying, "hey, I'm bad at this - how about I get good"
Most of the things I've learned via this process have stuck with me in a helpful/meaningful manner
Except for being good at arcade fighting games, that one's probably not going to be relevant
Oh, that's something I'm bad at and don't plan on improving
First-person shooters
Complete rubbish at 'em
OK, gonna go grab a bite to eat before the last performance of the show
See y'all later!
Oh, Bow- I put together my Lausanne tinkering gameplan (with a shoddy illustration to complement)
Here y'are.
Nearly gave everyone unfettered access to my Tinker builds. Close shave. o-o;;
Yeah, I listed them via priority - basically just shave off however much you think is excessive.
En route to Atlanta
o/
Aye.
Will be feasting in recompense
Hello, Atlanta!
Hm?
Mornin'.
My hands are full
We have a few new GMs but even those games filled up fast
ha
don't joke so hard bubbie
Once this week is over I'll get flint started in earnest
Ideally I should be done grading dem finals
@ Cede
No
Waiting list for campaigns
One GM can only handle so many players
Might as well try.
For being as active as I am, I don't play much
I have an approximate 17-1 ratio of games GMed and games played off some quick mental calculations
Caesura, Extirpate, Runaway, Reimann
Baltimore body-infester
Bogota spike blaster
!search cucked
Cleveland doc clearly indicates who has sessions upcoming and requests for scheduling
do we have to do that every time proth logs in
I ought to do something productive today.
Pathfinder Advanced Class Guide Swashbuckler?
You sicken me.
Flaming Crab 3rd party splatbook Dashing Hero paladin archetype?
It uses swashbuckler panache and deeds.
My wrath remains unquenched.
ACG is Gestalt-tier unbalanced filth.
I think they're intended to be Endbringer stand-ins
But even so, I'm not very fond of them
While I'm not enthralled by the content created by the Resh community, I'm less pleased by the evident schism dividing the communities.
When Resh is referred to here, I find it's generally in a disparaging context.
I feel like we've done very little to reach out to them.
Mmm, that's fair.
That's fair.
Empy, Twonk, jellysnake, Whisp are Resh-goers, IIRC.
Addy was the guy who tried to lay intellectual claim to "The Wardens"?
Working with an 'AU' of sorts along the premises that Resh is following seems well out of my comfort zone.
Bet pseudocanon is fun. There's a lot of extant framework to be built upon.
Edenverse is cool, but I don't have the canny to extrapolate a feasible scenario
Epoch didn't really tickle me, I'm afraid
I do spatial estimations in meters, occasionally yards.
I'm generally pretty leery of people making their own powers
Huh, that wasn't meant to be public
@ Pink - roll from list of infractions in a student code of conduct
Ahh, fair
Bit late, but the hemokinetic power submission is part of why I'm not very enthused about participating in the Resh community
"Wank" is the word that comes to mind
There's something off-putting about joining an RP community where what seems to be a good portion RP interactions with the members devolve into, and I hate to reiterate, wank
Not saying that there's not a fair share of "my cape can beat your cape" here in WD
But we actually have a system that (reasonably) fairly facilitates such comparisons
Wait, you haven't had much RP?
What goes on in the community, then?
Worldbuilding?
Uh, how long has Resh been extant?
-_-
How on earth has so little been done in the time allotted
Hey, soulpelt|, you around?
Worm Audiobook is doing a full cast recording for 24.y
And I figured you should have first dibs on reading Spiritskin's line in the PHO Chat
Yeah, I think it's the one line
Get in touch with Rein at rein@rein-online.org
He's looking for some folks to fill some roles again
You're Mane Magenta, right, Pink?
I can voice it if you like.
Howdy, Scrags
Screen is a teacher cape
Was given to cauldron as part of the Khonsu deal
The latter portion of this interlude
ech
sick today
!search allesk
From experience, I, as a GM, tend to feel dissatisfied when I run a session that doesn't advance the plot in a meaningful manner
I dunno if I as a player would spring for it
But for some Wards, "day at school" might be fun for them
I've already killed one Invictus, Vern.
I'll do it again.
here, but still sick / exams
funny, that, as i'm in grad school
Afternoon, The Bow.
It's tax season.
_seen Shemetz
Thwarted again ; o ;
Unbelievable
A belated congratulations for your hillside hustle, Ridtom
Let this positive reinforcement spur you to even greater heights
Geddit? Running up a hill? Greater heights?
Exercise is good. Yeah.
you recommended zulfiqar to non for the funky cape draft
he legacied
Flint will start this weekend
once i'm done with finals I can start doing the things
yep
night, folks
Fall semester tasks complete.
Back to your regularly scheduled GMing pace
Up for Berlin literally anytime you ping me
Yeah. Just a light cough now.
!roll 6d6 +1 to each
Roger.
Nice. Fuck you, cocaine.
!roll 1d6+1
Nah, you're doing great
Sura's just a small player
A fire extinguisher
Sorry, Ibrahim. I don't know if your raps are truly blazin'.
She's too busy cracking down on parahuman abuse of Ransack competitive play
!roll 1d6+1 Social
I think I know what Wut's about to say.
finals are done
let me get flint sorted out before anything
bikevendor100 is the real main character
bikevendor100 is my PHO forum alter ego
I enjoyed it quite well.
What's new, pussycat
Oh, that's fun
Different one, Firlz
PWizard is 10 of cups, this one is 2 of coins
Power Perk 11, if you want to PM [ATM] for comparison
The P stands for Piss
We call him the Whizzard
Yeah, little bit
A lot of players vanished (Saff, zips, you, panth, Herg, Trash)
Not much, I've been wrassling with finals m'self
Herg is a maybe, Saff is a maybe
The rest I can't speak for
Howdy.
Spade is still my favorite living character in Gville
When Grantsville is truly over with, Tell, I'm tempted to ask you for his backstory and permission to write some preludes for when he was Eclipse
Nay, he's still job huntin
Frederick Beach Vacation Interlude when
:P
Hi, Dol!
Did you get my facebook messages?
yeah
Will is in jail :(
Eh?
What prompted this?
Oh, the hot pot?
He's on right now
You gotta stick to what works.
It's a classic.
Oldest trick in the book.
Sure, Mega. Link me?
Truly, a golden memory.
One of Mega's awards can be 'The Fort Clown'
'bikevendor100 Honorary Plaque'
That one wasn't intentional
Oh, Mega
Mayoral elections are happening
12/04
2009
There was no timeskip
I'll give you the details soon
Don't get Dags's hopes up, Wink
Ah, yes, the Piss Wizard
The Whizzard, if you will
Would this weekend work for you?
Either should be fine.
Making hot pot, responses may be slow
That car has probably been parked there for a month straight at this point.
Slash the tires! Slash the tires!
Draw a silly face on the dust that's been accumulating on the windows
Thal, roll 1d6 for me.
OK, you noticed the security cameras in the parking garage. Bad idea
Do you think you have any intent of reviving Spokane, Proth?
Peter is going to die by Redcap's own hand
They'll get close and he'll find out too much, or he'll just get apocrypha'd
Nah, you can go ahead
I won't be able to help out much though
Horse Tornado
Hurly-Burly
Moil
Pother
Merry Go Round
Gyre, Rondure
Big Blue Marble
The Rajah of Revolutions
Err, I wouldn't call myself that, but I can try to answer any questions you have
Depends on what material they had on hand
Drawing from the room I'm in at an inspiration, I can see...
A grappling hook, a rocket-powered sledgehammer, a portable one-directional furnace, a microwave ray gun, a crude cryogenic stasis coffin....
I don't need to be a tinker to do that
Can think of other esoteric things, but those were the first few things that came to mind.
Since you've got a sense of accelerated dismantling and reassembling, much of it is reliant on your materials
And your ability to manipulate said materials
You couldn't build anything past a certain size threshold
I'm seeing... crude power armor (combustion or electricity fueled), basic Tinker omnitool to facilitate future building projects, singular R/C unit (no UI), freezy-grenades...
I'd take almost any other Tinker power over this one, actually
IRL, that is
When I imagine myself as a Tinker, I see myself working solely on the large scale
Time and materials are cheap, in the long run - even though this power kills your startup costs almost entirely, I like working with bigger, better things
A childhood dream of mine was to hold the White House hostage by way of geosynchronous orbital laser
Initially I thought AI was the way to go with this one, but if you can't go back and modify your code after 10 minutes that might be troublesome
Yeah, hence why I said IRL
This is a sick power to have in game
Proth, I won the state spelling bee in 3rd grade, IIRC.
Person
A satellite that orbits the earth, but remains directly above a certain point as the earth rotates and the satellite orbits
It's like having a gun continuously pointed to someone's head, 24/7, you know?
No problem, hope you enjoyed it!
Sometimes I worry I don't have enough 'action-y' sessions, but I do love exposition and junk
Go ahead, lavos
I'm ready
Ah, no, the applications closed like a week and a half ago
Dol, Thalia, and Nona got in.
I have a spot saved for Wilbur when he wants it / has the time, and I think I'm close to ready to let him join
Wrapping presents at the mo', sorry
Quaternion rotations are used in some games to animate camera movements, IIRC
Also, I totally misread that as titty-ball cape
Debating how to handle the art for GU's tarot card (Queen of Pentacles)
Was considering her as Valkyrie, which is representative of her growth and evolution as per the Queen of Pentacles arcana
But her teenage form is less iconic of Glaistig Uaine as a whole
A bit of a dilemma, you see
Clockblocker as Two of Pentacles is perfect, though, the interpretation is solid and I have some cool art for him in mind
I'm improving, slowly but surely
Night, souplet
Merry shitscram, you filthy animals
Evening, Tell
Evening, everyone else
Snrrk.
I'd like to play a sewer-dwelling villain outcast at some point.
Not a Case 53, just a weirdo who's a little fucked in the head.
The master of mischief! The viceroy of vermin! Rat Bastard!
Cascade was cool, she had her little orphan gang in the steam tunnels.
Don't recall if she was truly villainous, though? Close enough, probably.
Awesome. Twelve slots in Cleveland filled, with unlucky thirteen reserved for the Big Pig.
12/28/15, Panda (this upcoming Monday)
Yumgar is helping me hash out the OOG rules into a workable alpha.
We should be finalizing that over the weekend.
Order of play? Simultaneous.
Pink, and maybe Teller, you might be interested in this idea I had the other day.
Designing a PHO Wiki facsimile template that offers a rough description of capes within a given area, as a representation of easily-acquired public knowledge regarding capes for a particular campaign.
It's all out of game stuff, you declare actions for a period of time (a week) and play continues.
If big things happen, I'll pause the "week" if it's big enough to let people change plans with respect to the event, and to RP certain events if needed.
What kind of issues do you have in mind?
Hrmm, yeah.
I like the idea of players being able to edit the wiki, though.
Not necessarily someone like Belaris's character, who would be more inclined to sell the information, but...
Eh, it could get messy, with intentional misinformation and such. Maybe I should rethink.
Yeah, it seems like an interesting and fun facet of gameplay that would be cool to bring to bear
But the logistics are iffy
Something I'd like to make happen, but something that I figure would take a decent amount of thought and puzzling out.
^
Pardon my slow responses, I'm currently working through my backlog of Cleveland logs to be formatted and such
Perhaps not allowing the players carte blanche to edit the pages, but to allow their characters to modify them in character?
I can see that sort of thing happening on a PHO wiki. Stuff with citations and corroborating sources getting "locked" by a moderator
Even if I were to keep it focused on one area specifically?
I'm thinking city scope.
Mmm, yeah, I see what you mean.
Hmm... there's gotta be a way to go about doing it. Maybe a condensed version, a cliffs-notes of sorts.
Wow, just when you think you've hit rock bottom
Oh, Katabasis?
I should, I should. It's been a while since I've been in the mood for GMing high fantasy, but I'll let you know when the fancy strikes me.
What's Chrono's game like?
That's the Marae Minead one, right?
Or are you talking about Epoch?
Sorry to tell you this, Kwaan, but Eris said she wasn't interested in picking it back up yesterday.
Nor Paris.
Yeah. Could have been day before yesterday.
Well, you did say you had plans on picking Baltimore back up, right, Scrags?
Night, William Boar.
Yeah. It's on the back burner, regardless.
Yeah, I can definitely agree with that.
Arc 9 is formatted.
Working on Arc 10 now.
Just checked through all my logs
Thalia holds record for "largest session" in sheer kilobytes (52.5)
I'm improving in sheer volume, for the most part.
I haven't had a sub 20KB session in forever, barring the barely-moderated "chats" between players, generally occurring at the HPIA.
The gala was a close second, in terms of file size.
Arc 10 is formatted, Cleveland sheet is updated
Arc 10 is titled "Bleed".
Cleveland players, check that portion of the document
Schedule a session with me if you have not yet done so
Roger that. Since I've run you twice this week so far, how about... January 2, 2016, at 1 PM Pacific Standard Time?
That poor boy doesn't know what he's getting into.
There's probably an unsavoury darkweb site that gives odds of death for each participant in an Endbringer fight, with associated betting pools.
For those of you interested in Cleveland and are familiar with recent occurrences, you should check out the little "cast list" below the sessions for Arcs 9 and 10.
There are some fun hints and such I put in there. :)
Oh, Thalia, a minor retcon to your first session.
Your surgeon's name is nor Dr. Carson, it is Dr. Silver.
My apologies, I had misremembered
The only Bet version celebrity I care about is Guy Fieri.
It is, Proth.
If you could find it, I'd be much obliged.
Ping me when Firlz gets on
He's due a session
Hey Meg!
Check out the updated cleveland document.
:D
Indeed!
Phew! My GM schedule is nice and fat
Tell me your guesses? :P
Twist: peter is beego
Noticed Erinyes in this thread doesn't make sense chronologically
Will edit
Double oops
whoops I thought it was today anyways, ha ha
driving at the moment, I should be free within 20 to 30 minutes
while you're waiting, you should check out the new Cleveland document
it is all shiny and new
his name was changed to scoop, and he died
Whoops
will fix
Sorry for the delay, Fir
How long do you think you'll be dwarfing about?
Well, we can do the session as it was meant to be tomorrow, to avoid distraction
Since going after Witchhunt will be pretty busy for you
Sure
Either tonight (if it's not too late) or tomorrow works
Maybe half and half
An old friend swung by town as a surprise
We're going to visit a bar and grab dinner
Sorry, fir, I'm hanging out with an old friend who came into town today
Ach, sorry, Mega, I overslept
Give me a bit to take care of chores and lunch.
OK, Mega, Firlz, I'm making some lunch, will be ready shortly.
Will be watching Cpt. America 2 with the SO while GMing, responses may be closer to 8 minutes in delay  rather than the standard 3.
Actually, given that both sessions will be somewhat combat-intensive, could be 5.
Er, 10, rather than 5.
184 wpm.
I was a concert pianist for about 15 years, you know.
I took Nonagon's advice and switched to Dvorak.
The transition was awkward at first, but it was a 15 wpm bump up once I got accustomed to the new layout.
You got a warning (albeit a non-Op warning) 27 minutes ago, and continued, so here's me making it official
It's for the ~40 minutes of off-topic conversation after you asked about the oneshot
Apologies that I was not here to tell you to stop earlier
OK, Mega, Firlz, am finishing lunch and will be ready soon.
Just because you're told to stop an off-topic conversation doesn't mean you can start another again, so I fail to see your justification.
Drop it or leave.
Let me get Megafire set up first, Firlz, then I'll get you.
OK, Firlz, I'm ready to get you.
Is their cape name Bishop?
We have a lot of female PRT directors, it feels like
Good night, Vern
Sorry. I'll write one to make up for it.
Hey, SOMA
Not glass brute, pelt
Later
Most rices are fine. But the amount of water needed to cook them varies
I trust SOMA only slightly more than SCG in terms of ruining my campaign.
All of my roommates and most of the other people who participated in that campaign hate your guts with an intensity that borders reverence, dude
Half of the reason why I let you join was to give Herg an aneurysm
I've got dinner to make, you can field this one
Later, folks
Try to make friends :P
I was still able to complete the campaign he derailed, so it's not as ba
*bad
The nature of the campaign was "kill all the other players" so it's not especially suitable for comparison
Edict is cool, though inflicting a life flaw can be odd in some instances
Bam, you're dead broke
At least it's temporary
Oh, fair
The session is hidden, but by necessity I do need to roll the dice.
Feel free to glean what you can from the rolls. :P
Syntax is $roll XdX+X
I really like what SOMA did for his character sheet, as far as formatting goes
Going to excise relevant information and share as a template later
!quote Eidolon
!search Eidolong
!search Eidolon
Does the unicode for the various health categories work for you guys?
I can rejigger the ordering without much issue.
What do you think ought to be corrected?
Oh, are you firing up Pact Dice again, Bel?
I'm the practitioner with the Tome implement that's actually just a battered 1979 nudie mag
Art is improving
Things went a million times better when I found out there was a smoothing function in the program I was using >>
Have yet to add contour/shading but it is dinnertime
Just a sketch of a prosthetic, not actual Tinkertech that I'm aware of
I mean, I'm sure it exists in-universe
But not what I had in mind when drawing
Finding the smoothing function improved my art quality by leaps and bounds
Compare to sketch of human hand, pre smoothing, done the same day
Fake your death, Shez, works like a charm
Uncertain if sarcasm
Check Lausanne session 1.5
Oh? Nice. Many thanks, my lad
[ Jun 27 14:43:38 <Antioch|GM> It's rather early in the morning. Jun 27 14:43:57 - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
Oh, you want in on Istanbul?
Sure, lemme know what cape you have in mind
Thank you for the input, Tell
I've modified the spreadsheet accordingly
The Brockton Bay one was great.
Did a preliminary sketch on the drive up today.
Have no qualms with locations as minor arcana, trying to get the base layout of the Boardwalk
The Protectorate offshore base is a must have though my mental image of it is fuzzy.
Canon or noncanon - Protectorate base in BB was built on an oil rig
Feels like the latter, also, weird place for an oil rig?
I remember the "hard light bridge" thing, which would be cool to illustrate.
With enough floaties anything can happen
BB's one of the Big Bases
Guns / knives are similarly linear
And why bother with clever strategies if you have a consistent passive power?
They can be effective, and useful for a character, but they generally don't encourage innovative gameplay
Rather, they actively detract from it
If you want to propose a passive power that can be implemented without those downfalls, feel free to offer an example, but I'm skeptical
Bury people alive
If fast enough, car catapult
Riddle me this - what happens if that little cube in the animation was intersected by the sphere
Sheared, same as the ground?
If yes, cuts any inorganic material, as per faultline with some pros and cons
If I had this power I'd sink my points into Driving
to make Sick Ramps
or just a general stuntsman
Oh, hey, Char, I was asking earlier
Do you have any recordings of your stuff
Whoops, IRCcloud died on me
Did Eris answer my question while I was DC'd?
The one about your recording stuff
Was curious, since I sing for fun and occasionally do requests for chat
Was wondering if you had some stuff I could listen to, is all
Also, out of curiosity, what recording equipment you use
Looking to pick up a mic, too
whoops, my fault on this one, but mind if we move this to #parahumans
Which version?
There are a few
Here is one of them
drowning car i've seen before i think
rest are good
4 is iffy
Yeah, but so soon risks power dupes or trigger stall
Best to keep it a mixed bag, especially with so many other unexplored alternatives
Bank makes more sense yeah
Govt official seems most rational, or Planned Parenthood deskworker, or summat
If climate in Bet in that regard mirrors ours
But yeah, the rest are solid
Absolutely love 5
Fav Trump I've genned is Non's Vancouver cape
Hope to revisit sometime soon
Not the actual, mafia, sleepin' with the fishes trigger, that I know of
Some variations but not the quintessence
Added some more detail to the thing i was working on... yesterday...? The day before...?
Shez still doesn't know what to do, IIRC
Which is irritating, given that he's had literal weeks to come up with a workable game plan
Nah, talking about his Laus character
Why are you asking me
Ask him
I don't really care to know about the particulars of his incompetence, but at this point it's probably just best to run him with whatever plan he has at this point
Excise redundant "at this point"
He was in the middle of a session
Difficult to do, logistically
Could kill him off and have the same effect, but at that point why not just run him and watch him execute the plan, regardless of quality
Don't think a whole month
But multiple weeks is more than sufficient handicap, I feel
OK, just two weeks and two days
Nevertheless
Missed the earlier discussion about Thinkers
What was the question?
Got it
Beholder was narratively fun but precog is rough to GM, at least for me
Archival looks cool, the clairvoyance bit of it
Apex was a good Thinker power. Looked fun the play and looked pretty strong
*fun to play
37th and Yael look good in practice, will see how that plays out
Oh, Invictus, haha
no?
Legacy
Yeah. Just need to msg Ace and Lavo with some details, get the doc tidy
There's a decent amount of variety with Brutes (flavor wise)
But mechanically they do tend to blend together, yeah
PrAxiom was fun, would have been more entertaining in a campaign as opposed to a one-shot
Ogres... are like onions........
I, hm, I don't have that many blasters, actually
I liked Redcap fine
I can see the issue where people are just "I shoot them" repeatedly, as per the passive power discussion / linearity of firearm usage we had yesterday
The trick is having a Blaster power that rewards creative usage
e.g. Redcap has an 'infection' mechanic that allows victims to serve as initial points for vectors of fire
Pinball Wizard, also, necessitates flourish/creativity to be effective
Trying to objectively judge the quality of my players by merit of their power and its applications - how the power facilitates creative/entertaining play
Queen's power was extremely linear, barring some synergy with her gang leader, the quality of her sessions was based more heavily on the merit of her roleplay
TGK... works a hell of a lot better as an NPC, I gotta say
Khandhas's power is a bit of a headache to GM, though not as bad as Beholders
Khandhas feels a lot more like an excuse for me to dump exposition / data on the players than an actual protagonist
If you like. Those sessions tend to run more verbose than average
In part due to the fact that it was a session where I recorded rolls, and you got in a gunfight, AFAIK
Guzhang was another good character, but more credit to the player than the power (which wasn't used much, in all honesty, save for misdirection)
Hey, failing that stealth roll got you a date
don't complain
Oh, Devil's Advocate had a fun power, but the player vanished
Ditto on pink with emphasis on the understanding numbers bit
Peter takes you out to trivia night at a local bar
No survivors
One thing I will say that I dislike about having players that are 'too powerful'
I'd be wary about people who violate the social contract of dickery and have a power sufficient to do so
Sometimes campaigns have a story to tell or be uncovered, and unrelated events of sufficient magnitude can derail the campaign to the point where the GM's story is no longer relevant
Hrmm, elaborate?
Don't think I quite caught that, with the phrasing
Right, but there are some people who I wouldn't expect to play ball as much as you
Ahh, I see your point
Read the logs
In-campaign reason
what game was that, Char?
chrono's got that GM thing where you burn yourself out on worldbuilding and end up with an overburdened hulk of a campaign that collapses in on itself
But I get that
The setting I have for Katabasis is a tumorous, wheezing beast
Most commonly used as a reference to Orpheus's descent into the underworld, in a mythos context
I always took you for more of a Butthead, Nona
Tangentially related: Thal, Non, chit-chat with me about character goals, in a more concretely defined sense
For milestones, as per Damsel sheet
Do one with something along the lines of getting one over your boss, too, Non
Yeah, Dol, your goals are A-OK
Here's the link, Thal
These are good goals, however  - I do encourage your character to become multifaceted, with a predilection for other vices that do not necessarily fall under the category of "brutal" and "murder"
That sounds good, Non
I'll work out some specifics
Goals: Murder the entirety of Blackjack save for Wink, and cut off Wink's arm
Punished Wink
I think your cautious playstyle for this character is putting you in an un-fun situation, spelt
You've shown some good character development thus far, but I think you can stand to draw on your lessons learned as a psychopath
Things will seem a lot less grim if you cut loose a little
Mmm, not quite like that
Not a backslide, but moving forward
You're stagnating, sort of, every step you take an inch to another player's yard
Kind of let the 'gang leader' persona overwhelm the character at his core
I've been trying to dangle the 'trigger vision' subplot in front of Wink as an interesting secondary goal for him, but I think the intervention scared him too far off
It's hard to get you into interesting situations with your heavy disinclination to take risks
I'm hoping Istanbul will change that, one way or the other
Much like flaws, I don't rate character death as too negative a thing
The important thing is to have fun, or Fun, as you may have it
Rephrase that last sentence for me?
Didn't quite parse
Ahh, I see
See, I do too many boring things IRL, so I want to try the other end of the spectrum in WD campaigns
The teaching aspect comes in moreso as a GM, and only in an indirect fashion
I hope Thalia learned at least a little bit about proper treatment of a bullet wound
Oh! I did not know this
If I ever get a Tinker that can do prosthetics, I'll just give up and play myself
It's always nice to learn some new esoteric knowledge, either as a player or a GM
Redcap is fun. I enjoyed designing the projectile detail generator
No, I don't think so
I think your play will suffer from arbitrary decisions like that
Just be mindful of an opportunity to play someone outside your usual comfort zone
!search tanuki
It works better when someone else is deciding for you, I think?
At least for me
Oh? Jolly good
I'll make sure to tune in
I have really got to learn how to color / shad
*shade
Hrm
Not quite happy with how that turned out, but I think learning how to gradient and blur will help a lot here
robohand
Oh, Paint Tool SAI
What do you work with? Tried GIMP but it didn't tickle me
Considering springing for photoshop, but at this point I'm still such a novice it hardly matters
May look further into that at some point
Lack of dodge/burn tool is noticeable, there are some workaround but it's a bit of a hassle
what's up spelt
Well, no, he's been doing that, Bel
Off topic warning
As per the topic:
#Weaverdice is for Weaver Dice and RP. Excessive (> 10 min) off-topic discussion should take place elsewhere
I would recommend you participate in one-shots before applying to a campaign proper.
ls | grep .jar > ../mods.txt
Unicode is separate altogether
Unicode is character symbols
You may be thinking of Unix
1700-2300 CST on average
Maybe a weekly occurrence
12
time-consuming
not necessarily
Thal, you on?
Not that I know of.
Probably 0.75, looking at the scale
The onus partially falls on a large amount of the players vanishing / dropping out, as well as me, who finds running Cleveland more entertaining than cleaning up the mess
PM me logs of your participation in oneshots
Chou?
Oh.
It's Chau.
Chou is my last name.
Was briefly confused.
It's in my realname if you do a whois on me.
You can literally find me on Facebook in less than three minutes.
I don't have your number.
However, I did post it in chat for those who needed to contact me in case of my absence from this chat.
Dol and Vern have it as well.
Ahh, I didn't receive that message because I no longer have WhatsApp on my phone.
Apologies.
There's not much cause for me to use it either way.
Yeah, good idea.
They were both in #Other, right??
*?
If they were both in #Other I'm autologging there and just lazy, I can go back and get it myself
I remember that, yeah
The poor connection bit
You kept coming in and out with different IPs, which was mildly entertaining to me
What, the Mexican place?
I've been to the one on Piedmont
I can give you some critiques at a later point, CG, when I go back and read the logs.
Need a shower and belated lunch, am procrastinating
Wink's logs are from my campaign?
Also, any particular reason on Orlando?
How can my stuff not be on par with my own stuff?
Ohh, I gotcha.
Miami is... rough, if you're starting out, just in terms of sheet scope
Tampa might suit you better
*sheer
Depends on how many cape NPCs you're capable of juggling
Dark Society is Case 33
Not sure if I'm allowed to share more
I would recommend you come up with a conceit for your campaign - a story you want to tell - before deciding on a setting
PRT has many cases
Second Trigger, Siberian, Noctis capes
53 is just the most prevalent one
Grantsville's Bakery incident is Case 128 or something
@ Somecrazyguy I think you're the one to ask (short of the author) regarding divulging information pertinent to Dark Society
Don't want to spoil anything
Case 143, sorry
RAW?
Oh
Just me
Oh, and Yumgar
That I know of
Reimann and Knightmare
Read the Grantsville logs, Califa
Highly recommend them. It's a good story, and you have a lot of fun as a reader trying to piece together the puzzle
Can't recall - was it ever definitively proven that Memnzy could counteract Cauldron's amnesia-slug?
Or did BT jump the gun?
And where is Icarus these days?
I'm uncertain if that's still feasible, Nona
Was not proffered balance in my Laus prologue, but it was 2001
So things could have changed
Cuttlefish, Killhand also come to mind
Whoops
Yeah, my biotinker is a C53, I'm pretty sure
Now that I think about it, haven't actually seen my Cauldron tattoo
Too busy throwing acid coffins out of buildings
Mmm, stumbled across someone doing a Regent cosplay
Cleveland was my third WD campaign. I had two abortive attempts in meatspace, though I hadn't realized there was an established rulebook at the time.
OK, no problemo
Didn't want a slip of the tongue to ruin your tale
So I zipped my lips
Still OK for me to talk about Dank Society, though, right?
Punished Grindmauler
Look, did he keep the dog
that's all that matters
Fuck that shit
Main character of Baltimore retconned away
Precious deserved better
If you destroy Cleveland for the sole purpose of one-upping Scrags, I will personally shoot you in the dick
I have not, A-class is as high as I got
Will be running a Behemoth oneshot before January ends
While I find the story entertaining, SOMA, want to take it to #parahumans?
!addquote <Antibae> If you destroy Cleveland for the sole purpose of one-upping Scrags, I will personally shoot you in the dick 
God, I love Figaro
Is Teacher the principal
What about Mr. Gladly
Howdy, Tells
What's new with you?
Lots of housecleaning and organizing, taking advantage of the winter break lull in workload
Best of luck with your programming.
Revisited the Denver setting I used in meatspace to facilitate Nive's one-shot
Turns out I recycled a lot of concepts into Cleveland, had to make a lot more to fill in the gaps
Scheduled for Sunday, not yet a-go-go
Wouldn't mind a quick ogle with some accompanying critique / observation, if any of you fellas have the time for it
ye
I'm already gonna be doing one soon
But what do you have in mind
Not C53, right?
Oh, OK
Madison would be good for that. I might ask Panda for notes if I decide on running it
Would not mind running such a scenario though
Any thoughts re: Denver rough draft capelist?
Oh, OK
Hm, did CG, Lavo, and Thal read this
Might help
Say, did Non ever do the San Perlita thing?
I'm always open to fixin' things
Oh, the GM group
Er, GM doc
Drat, I was hoping for Denver feedback
But I'm down to fix this as well
It's still in a very draft phase, I don't think we ever took the steps to finish it or poll the general audience on their thoughts
Would be appreciative of others in chat providing feedback, however
I've heard similar things about the denver airport
But I don't get the reference
Grows in area at a logarithmic rate, approaching ~150 ft diam
Nah, I've just heard odd things about DIA
don't know where they originated from
No idea
OZM is a russian bounding antipersonnel mine
I see what you mean, Tells.
Will give it some thought
just gonna be other, probly
doing it tomorrow
It's just a one shot, y'dinkus
his liver isn't
Magnus and Vortex, probs
Medical is Know
Ah, I see
It was actually OB who was quotespamming
And should know better
After succumbing to a grotesque peanut allergy trigger, Clancy Donahoe's body mutated into a horrendous, peanutty amalgam. Now, he's known as the dread supervillain... Evil Peanut Butter
After his roommates pranked him by slathering his door handle with peanut butter for the last goddamn time, Clancy Donahoe triggered with a grotesque, peanut-based shapeshifting ability. Now, he's known as the dread supervillain... Evil Peanut Butter
Assorted nonsense
I'll play or arbiter a quick match, Niveis
Waiting on supper
Mind arbiting, Hiero?
Just a midnight snack, really
Already had dinner with Saff, she made some kind of soup out of the GoT recipe book
Was really tasty
Thanx m8
Hey, Niveis 
You still up for that match?
Hiero vanished, but Yumgar is up to arbiter
Cool, meet me in #CPS and we can get this show on the road
Ayyy, today's the day!
Yeah. Gimme one sec.
Here you go, Wilbur.
@ soulpelt - 01/23
Some good points made, but trying to figure out how to make it better applicable to this environment
No, no, you see
There are things that don't translate
Physical presence, props, etc.
And I'm trying to consider means of compensating for their absence
You dig?
Also, you're playing Archival today, yeah?
Don't forget Ace
He's still cuttlin' around
A Ramada
Your hotel chain fails, trigger
Nive|Eira and Thalia, you around?
A graveyard fire and three incinerated corpses, two of which match known dental records for unemployed men in their mid-twenties.
@shem: my advice is to continuously escalate, take hostages, and do the first, most violent thing that comes to mind without hesitation. Good luck.
So basically what Nonagon said, but more specific
B)
OK, awesome.
Anything you need from me before we get started?
OK, let me just get set up over here
Panda's got #Other right now, so I suppose #Others
Bete Noire is a her, Shemetz
Oh, right, the psychopath
Hey, Teller, could you do me a favor and join [ATM] to #Others?
Don't want to clutter the chat with rolls.
Nah, not at the moment.
Just gauging the quality of your RP.
Hey, no more Brawn melee?
Makes sense, realistically, I do like - albeit concerned with the fact that Brawn may lose its utility (become more of a dump stat, possibly)
What was your advice that got someone killed, Mega?
No, no.
Two bricks.
You have two hands.
No, no, you've got the idiom all wrong
"It takes two birds to get stoned"
You have to find another bird, and smoke it
You're growing on me, Thal.
The only way to win Lausanne is to enjoy yourself and have a nice time.
A P O C R Y P H A B O Y Z 
!search prainpan
!search nrainpan
>.>
!search brainpan
<Antioch> dawg I'm ready for the Big Bird to fuck me right in the brainpan (at line 216)
I don't know if I'll survive to that point, tbh
Because with Wilbur games, suicide is a better option than certain fates?
Throw your life away.
Not for the players, no, but for the characters it can be poetic
Apex is a good example
I'd like to take a peek at Archival's tinker table, if it's OK with you, Shem
Just curious about his gadgets
Oh? Just a nemesis thing?
Ah yeah I feel it
The Suits guys, or some New Friends?
I dunno about that.
I'm not sure how successful my gambit was at reducing heat from me
Mm, that's fair
I forgot what happened to the Gardener
Is he on the run, or in jail?
I just want to wallow in garbage, you know?
;)
<Antioch|GM> I just want to wallow in garbage, you know?
!addquote <Antioch|GM> I just want to wallow in garbage, you know?
I woke up in a hospital, tried to build a robosuit, and some fuckheads were mean to me.
I'd like to get back at them, but I don't want to deal with life-threatening nonsense until I can hit the robo-gym and get robo-strong
Look man I wanted to build a cool suit and Wilbow made me root around in the garbage for vermin
Some of them are for eatin'
putting the troll in controlotron
A P O C R Y P H A B O Y Z
I did nothing. Those blood effects were all randomized.
Godspeed, Thal
I'm sad Mega wasn't here to see this atrocity happen
That last random blood shot was particularly nasty
Playing a meatspace tabletop at the moment
On my way to sell nukes to the enemy
PM me
Ayyyy
Why kill the party when you can engineer the downfall of the empire
There's a very distinctive difference between Metasynth and Forgemaster, if I'm understanding Metasynth's Tinker capabilities correctly
01/23, Proth
Life is better than it has been. I ain't leavin' until some assholes chase me off.
That was an amazing interlude, Wilboar
I'm extremely psyched
Old, may not be quite as relevant, but may give you an idea
I'd like to try my hand at writing interludes too, I really like how that was handled
May go back to older logs and try it there, first
Well, excuse you
Reimann just had an unexpected windfall of a plumper-than-usual rat
We are livin' LARGE, baby
Here you go, Scrags.
I'm not scared
I got a Big Rat and I can take on the fuckin world
I ask myself that question every day
With rats of unusual size come decisions with unusual weight
I can really only offer advice on torsion, bending, shear load testing device safety, as well as lasers class 3B or below
Whatever bel is doing seems to fall out of my purview
So if you blow your face off I won't feel too guilty
Rain Man
heh
I'm relatively invested in Oakland, and also think that Scrags should go back to playing Gristledinger.
I like Redcap's
The random table is fun to play with
What about San Perlita?
Difference between goals & meta-goals herr
*here
^
Hey Mads
I do have that, Aarik - in some campaigns it's inapplicable
My meta goal is to have fun and be an interesting character in a big story that's unfolding around me
Not dying is usually an IC thing
And winning is too abstract for my tastes
Making choices that matter
Concrete sense of risk and reward
Opportunity to give a two-dimensional set of statistics and basic personality traits more life than it started with
Dead is a binary state.
I don't think you know enough about cardiology to ask that question.
But yeah, that's good. I like Damsel.
I've mastered Belaris in a one-shot before
But that's all I can think of off the top of my head
Uhhh, that's a broad question
I think so, yeah.
Remember how Flint worked, Shez?
Bit like that.
You might want to reread the session, OB.
Tyler gets mastered at the end of this session, iirc
Good call. Let me get Non and Thalia, too.
Does 01/08 evening work for you?
o7
Hey, Nonagon, when's a good time for your next Cleveland session?
I am free most days this week, except for 01/07.
Next week meaning 01/11 onwards?
Oh, OK, great.
Let me get you 01/08, afternoon, let's say... 3:30PM CST
Awesome, thanks.
Hrm. I misplanned for today, a lot of it was spent paying bills and helping the SO clean the house.
Currently winding down with a bowl of chicken pot pie and planning on watching Attack the Block, so let's try for tomorrow evening at 5:00PM EST.
What's a good time for you?
Tomorrow afternoon could work.
Ah, then tomorrow evening, rather
6:00 PST for you sound alright?
Give you some time to ponder how to get out of this one
I need Bel, Mega, and Soul, but as PM, mostly
More of an anytime thing
Oh! I should be able to run you too, Dol
Just let me know what times are good for you and we can hash something out
I'll try to get you around after lunchtime, Dol, if that works for you
Thursday evening is possible - might be a bit iffy, 01/07 is a busier day for me
Absolutely
Let me get you a character sheet, actually
We'll work something out, Bel
If you can be on while Dol is on, by the way, Bel, that would be fantastic
Actually, how about this - let's go ahead and find a time where both of you might be free
You know you need a third dame in your life
Roger dodger. How are you for an evening that fits that criteria, Dol?
Or, a Sunday?
Splendid! Let's make Sunday happen.
I may still get a hold of you on a weekday evening to slip you some interesting tidbits under the table.
Sorry, sorry.
Forgot I was wearing steel-toed boots today
!addquote <Antioch> I may still get a hold of you on a weekday evening to slip you some interesting tidbits under the table.
Awww. I'm weaker than the Ginyu Force
I have some other bad news.
The back alley generation left you with blood poisoning.
I feel like what Bow proposed for a GDocs-hosted Quest would be best to manage.
But that's contingent on a small community
I liked playing with the higher difficulty threshold
It forced me to be truly creative
I fucking love Plump Rat
Afternoon, Tell.
Not bad. Cleaned a big project off my plate just now, so I'm looking forward to a light weekend.
Tomorrow, I thought.
Hey, Mega.
You're correct on both accounts.
Hey, Bel|skool, PM me when you're available?
I have some amount of information to infodump on you.
Thal, I'll be available to run you soon - ideally, on Sunday (must wait for the Behemoth fight to conclude).
Sounds good.
_seen Prothean
I'll check it out in a bit.
And I may be able to fit you in on Sunday, though I'm not yet certain, Mega.
As it stands right now, I have Bel, Dol, and Thal slated for Sunday. Adding you shouldn't be troublesome, given that I'd run you early in the morning (from my time) - just want to ensure that I'm not running 3 concurrent sessions.
what are you going to do with loup-garou's corpse, you fucking furry
that's fair
Not all the way up-to-date, Mega, still have some raws that need formatting
Here's a good one, though
Taking a quick nap
Ping me when the Big Pig logs on
Nooo, my attempt at napping was short-lived
Howdy, Wildboat
Howdy, Bel
Scrags wanted me to ask if you were free for RP things today - he's resting, currently, afaik
On my phone right now, Bel, I will PM you when I get to my computer
All good dude, same here
Sleepy as heck.
Nonagon, #WDCleveland2
Sorry for the wait
Saff, continuing your session in #WDCleveland
Depends on method of delivery.
Injection wouldn't work, but eating a meal laced with strychnine would.
They kinda, uh, tossed you out. You landed on your head.
It's true. Redcap is actually in the same wing, two doors down.
It looks like DMH is cancelling their search for you and your underlings, Nachzehrer.
Saved by the bell.
... the Taco Bell.
Looks like you have something to work on, soulpelt|.
That's your next front business purchase.
Wait, no, no, Blackjack Burritos
Hey, the clinic is in good shape. You have a doctor now.
Fair.
Note: KFC Doubledown is released in mid-2010.
IF Doubledown survives until then, buy him one.
Hey Proth
Saff is looking for the first half of the Auswahlen logs
Wait did you
Let me check
Hmm, if it was by PM I don't think I got it
Thanks mayne
[ <Antioch|GM> Ping me when you're ready, Proth. Jun 27 14:40:01 <Prothean|Maude - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
you're the real MVP proth
Uh, just when everyone shows up sometime in the afternoon
It was, but I'm afraid I don't have the logs for one of the halves
I'll get it to you tomorrow
I have to sleep too
what do you want spelt
is firlz logged on
there's like 8 hours left in the day
chill
i have lunch and laundry and grading to take care of
Making lunch right now, will be free shortly
Okay, Firlz, soulpelt|, I am ready.
Will need to break in about 2 hours for 45 minutes to run some errands.
Yeah, go for it.
CCTV Thinker/Stranger that treats all humans in a given area like a monitor?
Brb, driving
OK, just about done with my errands. Gonna get some coffee, maybe some candy. Was super busy this morning so I'm starting to doze
Should be back in about 15
Based coffee enters my veins
Internet being a little futzy here
gimme a sec to get a stable signal
It seems like it should stack (per round)
But GMing right now, will give it some thought
But multidodge also seems like a thing I don't do (not sure if I don't do it often or at all)
Avalon is a fun NPC, glad I was able to cameo her here.
Also like the Lash and Pentad
Doubledown likes Triage, probably
Yeah, better representation.
Less skewed results for multicategory powers.
Depends on which episode you use as trigger event
3 or 4 pips in computer, maybe 2 or 3 in awareness?
Just off the top of my head
Feeling a lot better, head-wise, and about my writing today
The coffee is helping for sure
Aaaaand I just realized I left my doughnut in the shop. Damn it.
This feels way better than last week, heh
Where is he going?
~mystery~
I've said this twice already today, but man, do I feel a lot better about my writing
Blessed coffee.
I think I just needed to get to a point where things were actually happening.
And also shrug off that damned headache, hah
Well zoomed, Khandhas.
^
Can push that limit, w/ guts, iirc
Second wind perk, or Endurance skill, can push that limit as well
No, too far
Yes, it does.
Yes, he is.
I'm really jazzed, GMing this
Just needed to find my groove, I guess
Good mental gauge, Firlz, it actually comes back on this round.
Man, Cashy doesn't like you today.
hype.
Thanks for the ambient music, Snow.
A minute, give or take some amount of seconds?
I think you should make this decision yourself, Pelt. :)
h y p e b o y s
Nice rolls, Khan.
Cashy is toying with your heart.
I like it.
If your writing days become too strenuous, know that I am always waiting with a fluffy towel.
Oh, Proth, here, I put this together for you the other day.
I have not.
Link me and I'll read it later?
Heh, I have it pulled up most of the time
Ask on a non-writing day, Lavo.
Enjoy your time in Tokyo, Lavo. Enjoy some curry while you're there.
Behemoth.
1812 Overture, Hiero.
Tchaikovsky
#WDBehemoth and #WDBehemoth2 though we're close to the finish.
Guzhang appeared yesterday, btw.
I don't have logs yet, but I can provide them shortly after.
Well, the time elapsed, rather.
Yeah, that was a legit save-or-die, Firlz.
I'm glad. I feel like I managed to capture the tension / despair hallmark to Endbringer fights, which I definitely didn't do last week.
Avalon.
May be slow to respond, walking back to car
nvm, hands are too cold
just gonna brb
I'm really glad the session made you feel this way, Firlz.
Mountain height could be reduced by erosion, perhaps.
Haven't you heard her new cape name, "The Crucifier"?
soulpelt|Wink, no! Those middle fingers are lightning rods!
"You're getting warmer..."
Confession: I rolled 1d4 for various characters participating, and altered the narrative to fit to account for their inevitable fate, predestined by the dice.
Who says you don't die on a 2, panth?
I'll put up logs sometime tomorrow, probably.
"Die in a 'rocks fall, sorry, you're fucked' manner, high DC save-or-die chance of death with the party being in very bad shape if they survive, medium DC save-or-die chance of death, low-DC save-or-die chance of death."
You're about to crash land into the Atlantic, bro. Might be too late for that.
FUcking Tananooki
I'm pissing
Noted
The 1d4 thing?
Yeah, I think you did
Rolled some for var. NPCs, too
Only slightly pointless. High DC save-or-dies still have a chance to be passed (which Firlz managed, well done)
I miss panth too ; o ; 
Maybe one day ; n ;
I'm listening to it :O
Turkish coffee is great.
It's like eating dirt.
Dirt that makes you immortal.
Thanks for playing, Firlz. It was great running you, I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.
No, just saw him collapse after he fired the red beam
Remember that one movie with the blue people that was super popular but never ended up affecting pop culture in any meaningful way
No, he is from Denver
Better to keep that a secret for Wink to figure out :P
Sure.
Nah, she can just keep using decoys. They're cheap, and replaceable!
Avalon gets drunk and crashes the Citadel into Greece, everyone dies
||||
God, that'd be awkward
Triage was a cameo request from Thalia
She could have died! :o
Thank you for the games!
I had a /lot/ of fun today.
Ping me if I'm needed, SCG
Free today but with slightly spotty signal
Going out and about hunting for a diverse variety of algae samples, so may be in the woods, but nothing that requires my full attention.
Sure, let me finish packing lunch and I'll send it to you before I head out
Glad to hear.
I'm happy I was able to find a groove where I was comfortable with how I handled it, especially when I thought I'd bitten off more than I could chew last week.
Natural bodies of water only, sorry
Basically trying to get an accurate read on biodiversity / variance in this county
Fun little field trip.
I'm from the area, helping a friend who isn't
Mornin Saff
What're your plans for today?
55 and 82 kB filesize respectively.
Sheesh.
That's... a lot more than I was expecting, and I was already expecting a lot.
Glad you enjoyed the session!
People in Cleveland keep narrowly avoiding death
Longinus and Coldhand, eg
And they were all PVP, so I couldn't do shit!
I am free tomorrow
Next Thurs is good for me too
I'll be free, responses may be slow as I'm drifting in and out of reception.
In the middle of nowhere right now and I'm doing fine so it might not be an issue.
No worries about my attention being divided though.
The one with the different races, IIRC
Homunculus and Leviathan and Alchemist, etc
The skellies
Hm, my percentage is higher
So I shouldn't change my name to Anti|whatever
dont worry bb i'll save u from the guns
Nice hat bb
Bruv
This can only mean one thing
The simurgh /wants/ this to happen
Heh, darn.
I'm gonna play the Bee Gees so things calm down a little
Ha!
This short guy is about rat-sized.
If he doesn't give me my radio, I might eat him.
Hmm. Just observing.
My lens has more to do with the organic.
kek
you're not wrong but not for the reasons you might think
What a swell hat!!
I don't think I have a good IC reason to fight yet.
Besides the fact that Lil Morty is a jerk.
no, you're a gemini
My voice is evocative of ghost butts.
Hyohohoho.
Feast your eyes on the technology I've wrought from a week's worth of laboriously juicing rats.
:0
Aww.
I miss my toxic muscle armor
Big Morty!
Thank you for passing your luck onto me, Scrags.
I have been a little short on the sixes, as of late.
Golly.
Oh man. Can I eat him, later?
Of course. I'm not a damn fool.
sorry, scrags.
:(
I just wanted to punch him in the snoot :(
I shouldn't try my luck today, it seems :(
On that note, Nonagon, want to continue your session in a moment or two?
Hmm. I'd rather not, but I dunno how long I could keep the ruse up (sleeping in armor may not be possible, e.g.)
Oh, that's fair.
If now's a bad time, or you need some more time to formulate a response, Sunday's good for me too, Non.
So later tonight would be better? I'm reasonably free and you're reasonably free most days out of the week, so I'm cool if you just want to pick and choose a time.
Works for me. o7.
Looking like Laus is wrapping up pretty soon.
I should have just slipped Armada a bunch of drain cleaner and taken everything he owned
Oh well, hindsight
;)
I had a blast from start to finish.
OK, Non, ready when you are.
Yep.
oh my fucking ho
*god
the backlash joke
Can my awful Detroit character show up at the homecoming and mack on the ladies
Sorry, Bel, some issues from an earlier ban mishap
The charlton irccloud server got blanket banned on accident, and I'm not too sure how it happened.
Hrm, I might have some personality / backstory tidbits that I need to polish up
Yeah, that seems too high to be in-character
Probably gonna change things around a tad
Cape or civ name?
He has it coming :)
Only the burliest.
Trying to wrap up everyone's sessions before I work on the post-Behemoth stuff (Arc 13)
Got it.
That was in the cards the moment after you fucked with the doc. :P
I just realized none of you have any clue what he's been up to for the past month and a half.
Yeah.
Fuck with him, he deserves to get his ass beat 
Freezeout got to punch spade in the mouth, and this guy deserves even more
well, he didn't get kidnapped and pistol whipped, but that really isn't enough
oh, did you get my PM bel?
o7
Subterfuge is the relevant one, I think
Well, let this be a lesson to you.
Kill all doctors.
There were no permanent injuries.
I do agree that it's an overreaction
The only one in town that works on villains
Mega tomorrow morning. Dol, Thal, potentially
Will have the week one results published by Feb 15 at the latest
And ye
Hiya Dol!
Khandhas will be dying a slow death of acute radiation poisoning
He will not be free
Nice and alliterative
^
Organ failure still a problem in that scenario
I do not know
Do not inflict poor Scapegoat with your suffering
He does and it was.
I made a spirited attempt to give you enough rope to hang yourself with.
What are the limitations, I wonder?
Oh, you missed some Jiangjun flavored japery earlier today.
I'll make the logs when I get home.
Still out for supper.
Beat me to it.
I like Khandhas has become less and less of a wimp despite having the same self esteem problems.
He fought a gang by himself, blew up a house with two capes in it, and suicide rushed Behemoth twice, and his self-image is still pretty bad.
I've grown fond of him.
"Fuck, dude, why you got problems," he says, a crazed look in his eye.
"Two words from me to you."
"Gang."
"Bang."
The leader of the factions
One of the factions
Which is ostensibly named after him
Or his father more likely
@ panth
Aye, I do.
This is what you're looking for?
o7
Gonna hit the hay. Big day tomorrow.
Later, all.
Ha!
Good night
literally anything would be better
Had a chat with SCG about trust/betrayal
Made mention of the fact that he ordered out for dinner
Since my memory got wiped I've been eating nothing but vermin
He's literally given me the best meal of my life
Ace, you are a genius
Pizza Rat Potion
Go around punching people and spraying gravy all over them
Was not affected after the session ended, Scrags
Would assume the same goes for you
I've got it playing on my workbench
U rite
Going to try to get a recording and maybe put the track on a Walkman
No, specifically am avoiding doing that
Hey, Mega, I'll be good to run you in approximately 3 hours, if that's alright, or I can start now and break in ~2 hours.
Either option is convenient for me, just let me know what works for you.
Should probably work a ping in there.
@ Megafire 
Sounds good.
More time for me to prepare, as well.
The document Bow linked yesterday? If so, yes
Yeah, the recovered document
With Deus Somna and Brood Mothers and Alchemist and etc
Not much else I have to say, I think
I don't think I'd enjoy being a GM / player with the constraints given, so I don't think there's much for me to offer, as a contributor
I'd rather play a character than a nation, get what I'm saying?
Not really my jam, so I don't think any critique / advice I could offer would be untainted by that bias
Ah, that's fair
I've done it before, and it's kind of a drag, at least for me
Scope of a nation doesn't lend itself as much to narrative
And I have a much more entertaining time when the story is narrative-driven
Whereas prior quests/RP of the same type fell to 'advance your nation, tech trees, go to war, bureaucracy'
When the scope is too grand, you lose sight of the finer details that I'm fond of
A deadbeat, alcoholic alchemist with an intricately woven tapestry of a backstory is still just an infinitesmal cog in the machine, if you step back
If I wanted a Realm Quest setting RP, scope would be one kingdom, each player a different member of the kingdom, preferably with variance in hierarchy / responsibility
And it could collab between GMs, wherein one GM was responsible for the narrative of one kingdom
So I could be the Skeleton GM, and SCG could be the Skeleton King, with two other players as other skeletons, and Vern could be the Dragonkith GM, or something like that
Two or three GMs, yeah
!addquote <SCG> I AM THE FUCKING SKELETON KING <Pink> sorry scg, you need to work on fleshing your characters out more not less
Not done in realtime, GDocs
I'll join the RQ chat and observe
As it stands, one GM organizing a lot of kingdoms, each player being a kingdom
That's a helluva burden
Think the obnoxious shit I've had to deal with, w/ regard to running Flint, scale it up a few times
As it stands right now, it looks too ambitious - gotta reduce the work load. How to do this? Let me list a few
Scale down, put more burden of responsibility / content generation on the players, get more GMs / assistants
First few that come to mind
Formatting logs for Arc 12, incl. Behemoth.
Will be putting up a PHO doc for people here to collaborate on, shortly.
Here's the really, really barebones template.
Let me know if you need the logs.
Going to go back to formatting, add some stuff here and there myself.
Let me know if you also need the older PHO threads, to copy/paste formatting or users.
If Wink is posting, he may be drunk.
Ooh, Blue Leaf stuff
Oops, refresh and should be good
I saw the zee stuff, I love it
Fucking beego
Fucking tananooki
Tough to reconcile what players want (lots of kingdom diversity mostly) with what GM can handle / enjoys doing
So my advice was more or less "do what you want and can, tell your players to deal"
Maybe. I kind of have a full plate these days.
I think the quality of your GMing has improved drastically over the 3/4ths of a year I've been here, Vern.
Yeah, there are always a handful of sticky players, or people who you don't mesh well with as a GM.
Trying to think back on problem players.
Hmm, that's true.
I tend to shy away from players I haven't seen before, drawing on logs from other sessions / one-shots before I consider letting them in.
I've been mostly happy with the results, I think.
I was expressing how I felt that the Protectorate/PRT lacked depth in my campaign - I think it was Bow who suggested I take a player as a director.
And you were familiar with the Cleveland logs at the time, IIRC.
Yeah, I'd run Vern and panth were it not for scheduling conflicts
As far as extant players, I feel like I appreciate the quality of RP writing the most from Saff and Non, though for different reasons
Yeah, in a second. Finishing up lunch.
Gotta drive back as well.
Gonna try and learn to use Inkscape for battle maps
Need a new laptop that isn't a darn Chromebook, though
Are you caught up, Ace? You're misconstruing some of the power's effects/capabilities
Finally on my way back home
OK, ready to go.
It's all good.
See how I arrange my strings and twitch them.
Rolled a 1, for the Don's survival.
4.
Same as any other participant.
!addquote <Mega|Mendez> Zoup!. There's a restaurant in town called 'Zoup!'. Somehow, I cannot bring myself to feel bad about its destruction.
Spelt dropped too, IIRC.
I'm cheering for your bar idea, Bel.
Cleveland /really/ needs a neutral "Somer's Rock" or "The Lodge" equivalent.
Kusakabe was following TGK.
Oh, duh, you can ask Kusakabe if he's alive.
I'm a nimrod.
Just wear a nametag.
Who forgot Verdict?
SOMA and Redcap team up, the latter sitting far away and asking her Jeopardy questions over the cell phone
Err, the former
You're going to need an entire body transplant.
The brain is part of the body.
You did not.
Isn't there a favor you can call in for these sorts of things?
I just remembered, actually, not a sassy question
Or just call that favor in to buy Dags a nice bar as your final act :P
We can PM about what you want to do with that favor, where you want to apply it, how you're going to tackle the radiation poisoning, etc
It's just a garbage room. Sometimes she throws coffee grinds down the chute.
Revamping your charsheet, btw, Firlz
Will be done tonight, ideally.
Triage saved a lot of people, just didn't name the rest
The Don was dead long before you got to him, unfortunately.
And he was destined to get rocks-falled.
Yeah, Pizzicato would have died without your intervention and successful wits rolls.
2 out of 4.
I'm going to milk this tension, goddamnit.
Those teats are flowing.
Go ahead, Thal, I can move back Cleveland to Monday or Tuesday if it runs long
Gives me more time to prepare, as well, and sleep off the drowsiness I got from eating all those potatoes
What are you running, Cxax?
Sorry, Thalia, I think I'm going to head to bed early tonight.
You were the one asking for Lumi to roll a trigger, IIRC.
Oh, I gotcha.
Huh.
How confusing.
Have some papers to grade due by 8:45 AM, would prefer to get up early to finish them rather than work on them right now
Didn't we have this conversation a few days, Cxax
*few days ago
Also, Panda, Flint week 2 begins February 15.
I'm taking your orders and writing them into a narrative.
Nah, prior to that
Discussing motivation, et cetera
Finding a profession / major that interests you
I like being on all the time because I don't have to worry about using the _ function
The _tell function rather
Missed Thalia tonight because I'm going to bed early
So Thalia, Firlz, Bel, Dolyn, Soma, Non, Asgard are in the queue
The queue being that I have the plot / premise of their sessions planned out
Well, for the most part, since part of it hinges on what happens to Firlz / what he does or finds out
He can live, it's just a matter of sorting out what prices he's willing to pay
When can I mack on her at homecoming
Arc 12 logs should be up by Wednesday at the latest
Once Thal is done we can move on to 13
Let Firlz know he's stolen the "biggest session" award from Thalia and reclaimed it
Trumping her previous record session with a hefty 83 kB
You won't be able to resist these slick moves
You'll be too busy to kill Malfire with my tongue down your throat
Sorry, my Detroit character is literally the Worst
I'm gunning for 'most well-deserved and poetic death'
No, his name is Cody
Ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Some user called legs logged in, Dol
"You made me into this! Take responsibility!"
Mmh, okay, gotta go to bed
Khandhas's updated character sheet is done
When Firlz comes on we'll roll milestones for him and Wink
:o
Just the one
I hope Triage gets to meet Noblesse Oblige
Oh! That's another person who could heal Firlz
She could cure 10+ Gy radiation poisoning, assuming the afflicted was still alive at the time of treatment
Zoup is not fresh
It is canned
Oh man, I went to a place in Bham that had Ramen Noddles
Yeah, plan is to hit it up during kamicon
Maybe before, idk
Really good pork broth, 10/10
OK, really gotta sleep now
night yo
Don't think I'll do milestones for Flint, tbh. Gonna keep it simple. (@ Mishie|Necro )
Going to finish grading, classes, get the logs cleaned up, proofread Saff's writing
Yo
A basic summary, but water + necrotic energy + various other reagents = distilled entropy. Applied to the organic, drastically accelerates rate of decay, muscle atrophy and necrosis, etc. etc. In dilute forms, potion of aging.
If you give me edit rights, I can port my Ars Alchemia data to that spreadsheet
Back in my freshman year of college, I tried to make a fantasy old-timey alchemy tome in the style of a college Chemistry textbook.
It was a fun project.
This is a pretty entertaining story
No need for anything formal
Hold me to that!
Nah, I've been meaning to
Just gets lost in the shuffle
Firlz, Bel, and Spelt
The head is the more important part. The payment wouldn't go down by too much.
I really don't need to tell you this, but please tear this clown's head off.
Why what?
'Why' is still a very broad question, in the context of this statement.
Are you caught up with the Cleveland stuff, OB?
There's some context there that you might be missing.
Kill him, basically.
Off yourself, Snow. Deny him the milestone.
:P
Ha!
What about emotional harm?
What if I call you mean names?
Sure. When's good for you?
Roger that, Bel.
!quote dong
The way you write your character's thoughts and actions and present their personality / foibles on your character sheets makes it very easy for me to 'get' your characters, so to speak, Non.
Saff's RP I enjoy as a GM because she kind of osmoses detail, fleshing out otherwise one-dimensional NPCs naturally as she interacts with them.
Shades started off in my campaign notes as "smarmy, uptight drug dealer".
You did not love Terry.
Oh, another point in Non's favor as far as RP goes - very good at consciously avoiding metagaming
Haven't played with you enough to offer concrete judgment
_seen Firlz
Oh! Firlz!
You're back!
You didn't change your name, so I wasn't notified, and you didn't get my _tell.
Got time to run a post-B'moth session, Fir?
Same.
Cleve is fine, we can hash stuff out in PM.
Could you shorten your name a little bit, Word Swords?
He was decapitated by a tessellating forcefield array made by a Tinker named Pentad, IIRC.
It's fun to come up with good names for teleporters that offer their services for transportation
Mostly gamma particles, and the exacerbating factor was the copious amount of irradiated particulate you inhaled
20-25 Gy was the approximation, with some calculation help from Thalia
Could you do me a favor and ping me when Teller logs on?
Currently getting Arc 12 up.
Firlz as well, though I get the feeling he won't be on until later tonight.
!search zoup
Saff, you on campus right now?
Hm, that's a no, probably.
It was called that before they took it over, in fairness.
?
Oh, thank you
Howdy Tell.
I ran into a minor oddity with the log formatter.
Opened up a new tab and the formatting changed, can't figure out how to revert it.
One mo, attaching screenshots
Spacing between table rows seems to have gotten cramped.
Hey Vern
Think I can. Will pastebin.
Dunno if you're using the WD rulebook, but 3 pips is a +0 modifier, which I think might have been a point of confusion earlier?
Depends on the power.
Say, Megafire, are you still on?
Not this Wednesday, but the next, let's say?
Maybe earlier than the usual (4:30 or 5?)
Yes, I can run you tonight, Thal
Thinking about changing the formatting of the logs. For those of you who keep up, mind giving me your thoughts?
OK, I'll use that from now on.
Hiya, Word Swords.
You firebombed a police station, you numbskull.
That's why he wants you dead.
But yeah, Words, you were in here the other day? Don't think I had the opportunity to greet you properly, was running a game.
If you're new and I'm not hallucinating, I can answer any questions you might have.
I'm a relatively new hand to IRC myself, but I've become fond of it.
!addquote <Saff> also why does TGK want ME dead? <Antioch> You firebombed a police station, you numbskull.
Ready, ThalAI?
Boo, adding your own quotes.
You're up, ThalAI.
Oh, my bad. Jumped the gun a little.
Going back through all of the logs, now, applying the new formatting
Proofreading where I can
Oh? What's the upgrade?
Mid-to-late afternoon, IIRC.
That being said, Tell, it looks like everyone feels like the 'divider' format is more legible.
I'll hold off for now, though.
OK, Arc 12 is up.
Cleveland
A lot of things are going on at once, Words.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Currently, the active campaigns in this channel are: Aberdeen, Fort Town, Portland, Lausanne, Grantsville, Cleveland, Detroit, some one-shots, and Vulstag's thing.
Oh right, and Gundor's Earth He
Flint is still ongoing, but it's not a 'campaign', per se.
That document needs some updating.
 tubes's.
Ech, have a splinter of metal in my finger from a piece of steel wool.
Very itchy / irritating.
I took it out, but it's still itchy.
Let's rock.
Boast Guster
@ Words^3 - Generally, you find a GM that's willing to take you in, and from then on discuss scheduling with them.
What are you looking for, Gun?
How is the Resh community doing, by the way, Twonk?
I haven't heard much from them since one of the admins left.
Oh, there's a second group now?
Someone was asking about Aberdeen, I think
Asking who the GM was
Bookmark the page you're currently on, maybe?
Good luck with sleep.
I'm on a chromebook as well - I'm currently using the IRCcloud browser client.
You'd have to register an account.
On my desktop, I do use Hexchat, but I've drifted away from that, as I like all my logs to be in one place.
And I use my chromebook exponentially more.
No problem. I'm online pretty often.
For fun meds, I recommend amphetamine.
I think that's for twins only, Thal
I communicate purely in emojis.
Snail, party popper, snake, knife, telephone, crocodile, cigarette, rice ball.
Roger that. Thanks again, Tell.
Calico cat, gun, exclamation point, suit of clubs, airplane, fire.
Ten crocodiles.
GENDER
LMAO
Entry into Cleveland is application-only, generally contingent on providing logs of prior RP experience (e.g., participating in a one-shot in the #other channel). Quality of application gets the entry weighted, and I do a lottery the next time a slot opens up. 
If you can procure the logs, I'll take a look at them.
Thumbs up, thumb up, underlined 100, saxophone, snake, trumpet, bee, microphone, crocodile, gun, gun, gun.
The gun emoji points to the left, if that matters.
On the base emoji pack, just one gun (a revolver).
There is probably DLC with 500 more guns
He's ditching grad school and hoping to make bank off of his memoirs of dating a psychopath murderer / supervillainess
Fuck, I'd ditch grad school for that
"Caveman, fire, finger paint, array of chinese symbols, mahjong tile, thought bubble, lightbulb, NO symbol, NO symbol, NO symbol."
If I were in charge, you'd get finger foods only, but TGK wants to class it up a little.
I've been there.
That Peter wouldn't text as well as this one
And they're listed differently in the session character blurbs anyways
No prob.
Oh, go ahead and do your milestone roll now if you like, Spelt
Firlz did his earlier today
Just about finished it, Saff
Ah, I had let my players do the rolling for prior instances
Dex, Wits, Guts
Are your options
OK, 48% since you gambled last time and won
No 3d3
That was off the 3d7 roll
OK, so since you failed the gamble, you can choose to get a +1 to your Dex, or two of the 'Lesser Gain' options
It's been like 3 minutes
I'm doing the calculations
Sheesh
I'll ballpark somewhere around $40k
No, I mean, 40k is 20%
You have a shitload of guns, drugs, etc
Roger that
Noting that taking the 2nd trigger chance multiple times doubles prior results
1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, in percents
Four milestones taking only 2nd trigger twice seems not bad
But, then again, you're not guaranteed to survive a 2nd trigger
If you want to calculate off of how many times you've taken that lesser gain, sure
Night, folks
Quote 351 - <Saff> also why does TGK want ME dead? <Antioch> You firebombed a police station, you numbskull.
I wouldn't mind sharing what needs to be shared, in order to give context to readers.
_seen Panda
_seen Mishie
_seen Dalenacio
_seen LostAvocado
Made some good progress on Flint Week 1 today.
Wrote some narrative snippets representative of each character's weekly actions.
Still working on a few, but taking a break.
The intent was to make all of these snippets public, and follow up with any additional data/information if needed - there should be minimal stuff to exploit, with respect to metagaming
Here's what I have right now, in any case:
snoot
Hey, Mishie, what's your Flint character's civilian name?
Slimy Case 53 smooch
You didn't take a close enough look at his snout
Here, let me add a few to round it off to 100
I haven't had much experience with players like that, I'm sure it could be worse
Maybe I should browse /tg/ for horror stories.
Ooh, that's good
I made a tabletop DnD neckbeard dude ruins your campaign trigger.
Mostly in jest, but Saff seems to be angered.
Oops, you missed the trigger vet I just put up, Non
Here you are.
Pink asked if anyone had his triggers from a while back
I do not have them, incidentally.
Maybe that one squaddie is just a dick
Yeah, there were a few
Woo!
100 triggers!
How many of them are yours, Non?
50+?
Jesus, dude
#EarthHe
Wait, Nevermind
#WDEarthhe
Yeah, that one
<Antioch|GM> PETER: if you can get a handle on your powers you could kick serious ass man
<Antioch|GM> PETER: blaster 7 yo
<Antioch|GM> PETER: too stronk
Yeah, please.
Nah, just narrative
Got a last name for me? Optional
Your thoughts on what I have up for Flint atm, how I'm handling it?
Eggplant, eggplant, raindrops, egg in skillet, saxophone, saxophone, saxophone.
Thanks matey
D/w about it for now, I'll handle it
Charlie and the Strip-Chavs
Ha!
Figaro!
One hour and one minute. :P
Heh, I'm teasing
It's usually one-on-one, but there are times where there is player interaction.
Be it a conversation or a fight.
Job interview asks me "How many pages do you type in the average month?"
HA.
Could you read this for me, SCG?
As I get less motivated, more PCs will die, which means less to write
ez pz
Firlz's Khandhas vs. Behemoth logs have been edited, formatted, and proofread.
Going to be working backwards through the logs.
1) Go to #WD_Madison
2) Type /cs register #WD_Madison - this requires that your nick be registered with the server.
Now the channel is yours, and set up.
Logging - you'll want a client that logs everything. IRCcloud or Hexchat are great.
Otherwise, copy and paste your sessions into Pastebin after each one is over.
Let me know if you have any other questions.
Type /topic 'insert header here'
Let's try, not for this weekend, but the next.
A Saturday afternoon / evening would be good for me.
Great.
OK, both Endbringer logs formatted and proofread.
Was nice to read through them again. Thanks again to spelt and Firlz for playing. It was a lot of fun.
Good night, everyone
Maybe I can be his friend and we can make kebabs for supper
It would be a crime to hide his hat from the world
Thinking about putting together a Reddit post, sharing Cleveland logs.
Would like to clean up logs a little more first, but also, not sure if I want to deal with influx of newcomers right now.
Ideally, I'd just link the player info page
In the biomedical implants lecture right now, Ridtom would not like this current presentation
A lot of eye surgery images / videos
I've had to tamp down my squick factor by a lot since getting into biomedical work, but the Twig chapter in question still got to me
Spitballing on a non-surgery low-rehabilitation time alternative to eye lens replacement surgery, biocompatible hydrogels that integrate into the corneal surface.
My current university doesn't have the equipment for me to run too much research/testing/manufacture of aforementioned hydrogels, sadly
So I'm keeping it in the pocket
2040-ish, mebbe
Let me know if I shouldn't be spectating
Yeah, you can tag channels with... +s, I think
Keeps them from showing up on /list or /whois
I just use +k to password protect my private channels
Now some two-bit no-name villain is going to key my car
Need to get a better shot when the sun is at a more convenient angle
If I can stylize Cauldron's logo in a vector image editor I'll make a vinyl sticker for that too
Dol's cape is like that online game where some of the players are disguised as potted plants or other furniture
Prop Hunt, that's what it's called
Yeah, I wouldn't think it'd be kosher for me to do that
I would like to see these in an online worm merch store, that being said
and they can probably be made more neatly than i did
Before or after modifiers, Non?
Reasonable
very good make up
Oh golly
Ohhhhhh golly.
Lausanne stuff
shush!
Newer, stronger, more chromatic - it's Rainbow Eidolon
I tried a few different methods, but eventually I settled on rolling triggers from the used list, and designing Powers based on those triggers myself, and then assigning them to the players at random.
which probably doesn't seem like quite your style
so perhaps I'm not the best person to ask.
all of the real life iterations of Weaver days that I have GMedhave been done for my universities tabletop club
it managed to get a pretty respectable amount of people to read the source material, so that is a success there.
A d4, at times
And sometimes a d100, IIRC
A d8 for cauldron gen, mayhap
Every healing potion comes with a lifetime supply of unquenchable agony!
Three rats a jar, it's a damn steal
How many rats is 5k?
hot damn
Wow. OK. 5k it is then
Mornin'
We're both scurrilous fucks
Oh, I'll be swinging by Yumgar's place to check out the new XCOM at some point today.
Noooo
Oh, Non, I'm able to run you this afternoon
If that's convenient for oyu
Ah, that's fair
Got any upcoming times that would work?
Roger that. Didn't know about the Fridays.
Yeah, I'll be free all of today, for the most part
Just proofreading and reformatting
Not gonna be playing for the most part, just spectating
I have a lot of arcs I need to reformat and edit before I feel cool about sharing it online
Ah, I had been meaning to ask you about Perks / Flaws
To my knowledge, I don't have any
Talking to Pink, w/ respect to my Detroit character
They may well have been rolled and forgotten
o7
Shall I do so now?
Choosing the latter, for the life perk
Well, I don't know which facet of the character to empathise
*emphasize
Aww, shucks
OK, Pink, my Detroit character sheet seems to have all the kinks ironed out
When someone dies and Scrags inevitably shows up in Cleveland, I feel like things are going to get more fast-paced
Still facepalming for finding out that Flint is apparently a quarantine zone
You're goddamn right I do
Yeah, listed as the quarantine zone preceding Madison in the PRT Master Handbook
Could be another Flint, but seems unlikely
Are you going to /make/ it a quarantine zone, mish
:P
No, not at all
If you guys do something balls-to-the-wall crazy that necessitates the quarantine of Flint, then that's dandy
Otherwise it just won't be canon-compliant, so to speak
Not sure if that's the right word I'm looking for
The person who overturns the chessboard generally stands to gain the most from it, yes
Lemme finish writing out the snippets first yo
I don't mind giving everyone some time to chew on their next move
Since I still need to roll for some stuff
That's more on me than it was you
Don't believe I did.
I can give you an overview of the general application process, but it basically amounts to 'give me logs of past RPs, be it one-shot or otherwise, that I am suitably impressed by'.
Sure, that works. An idea of your weekly schedule / availability is good to have, too.
_seen Teller
Hmm, alright
I'll put you on the shortlist for an upcoming oneshot
I could kill for some good doner right now
Quality lamb is impossible to find in my area
I would like to visit Europe at some point
Sample food from different countries as I travel
I'm not there for the people, Scrags
I'm there for the smorgasboard
Hit up every god damn restaurant with a michelin star
Could you please, actually, Thal?
I can give you my number if that facilitates the process
Yeah, I'm very big on most types of food, not picky.
There's supposed to be a great Trattoria on 19th
Get the goat cheese waffle with brown sugar bacon if you do, I've seen pictures and it looks tantalizing
I'm more familiar with Portland restaurants
So I can't offer too much by way of suggestion
; o ;
Don't worry Dol!
I can heal your mom :)
Keep the hat
don't listen to these tasteless hesthens
it's too stylish
why would you crucify the immortal dude?
that's like, infinite dinner
oh right, claw guy
!addquote [Feb 05 22:56:32] <Antioch> why would you crucify the immortal dude? that's like, infintie dinner
why did you add a typo to my quote
!addquote [Feb 05 22:56:32] <Antioch> why would you crucify the immortal dude? that's like, infinite dinner
you tryna make me look stoopid
momma didn't raise no fool
Aye
I am free, Pink
Hmm, don't think I'm in the right gear
Watching a pal play XCOM2
Not that far in
Have Wilbur as an XCOM squaddie
He's doing well
Dunno if he should be a Minigun Master or a Bomb Buddy
Two development trees of Grenadier
Heavy Gunner or Demolitions Expert are the trees, as they're named
I have an inkling of how you look
Need to add 'friendly pig mask' mod
I'll name a few other chat members
o7
I guessed right.
Oops, there's a typo.
Gonna fiddle around with color palette for armor and weapons
Don't remember if he has glasses or no.
<Saff> also why does TGK want ME dead? <Antioch> You firebombed a police station, you numbskull. (at line 351)
Trying to rank up bow so i can actually give him a nickname
Not yet, what name/archetype
Oh no, Bow sustained first wounds
He is OK, though
A real trooper
Havent made a scrags yet
what class do ya want
I dunno if you can name drones?
I have since changed the armor palette
and have promoted him to Sergeant, granting him the nickname "The big pig"
Nah, I fixed it shortly after, Firlz
Regarding your next Cleveland session, Non, tonight, Monday, or Tuesday afternoon would be good for me.
Sounds good.
Have I done anything of note yet?
Saff is at work.
PC power level is an interesting discussion.
o/
Sorry, Pink, I'm planning on GMing tonight for Nonagon
Sorry about that. Want to hash out a concrete date sometime this upcoming week?
_seen apoc
I'm free most evenings, save for Wednesday.
Proofreading Cleveland is tedious work.
I want to get it to a certain level of polish before I share the document.
And have a standard log format all the way throughout, maybe some summary blurbs at the too.
top. 
Let's nail down a time for me to run you, as well, Dol.
That's alright.
Nonagon, are you ready / available?
Let's rock.
brb, building a drone
Evening, Tell.
Oh fudge, that's my bad
If Invictus hadn't ruined Kusakabe things would have progressed a little better.
Let me know if you have any questions, once you're done reading the readme.
Reading the rulebook helps, preempts any questions about character generation
Would also recommend reading the 'active campaigns' doc linked on the readme
Check the 'active campaigns' doc linked on the readme, as mentioned earlier
GM-to-player ratio is rather askew, and there's generally a steady influx of newcomers looking for a campaign to join or participate in.
Many of the active campaigns are 'full up', so to speak.
Yeah. Like I said, most of the active campaigns are full. There are a few unlisted ones, but I think Madison and Aberdeen are full as well.
I'd also recommend reading logs of some of the ongoing campaigns, to give you an idea of the generalities, how things are handled over here.
Largely depends.
Different circumstances, for each campaign's failure to complete
Might help if you asked regarding one in specific, if it matters that much to you.
Read the linked Cleveland document, and you can see an idea of how I handle applicants into my campaign.
?
Do try to avoid pinging people, incidentally.
We generally use truncated names or nicknames (Anti, in my case)
I'd just say Cact, generally
So long as you have a block of time to be set aside, once every week or so, it's feasible, but I tend to favor players who are channel 'regulars', so to speak
As it's easy to get in contact with them.
Does it?
I don't think it does
I'm not seeing it
Whoa
Slow down there
Don't copy/paste a large block of text into chat, for one
And I reiterate the pinging issue
Try to ease up on the questions for me, incidentally - my attention is mostly focused with regard to GMing.
Like Bow said earlier, stick around in chat, wait for an opening.
My advice is to read the logs, spectate ongoing sessions when they happen
Also keep an eye out for one-shots
((Which are single-session campaigns, easy to pick up and put down))
Alright. I'm actually in the middle of proofreading and reformatting the logs, so pardon the dust.
Saff isn't on, d'worry
And her
Conveniently, I'm always online.
Trouble with the big city, eh?
'cause of scheduling?
Yeah, so when two people /have/ to meet
You gotta find a time, and hold up the narrative while you wait
Yeah, gotcha.
Did run into that issue with Auswahlen encounter
I do like the fact that all of my players, presently, are rather easy to get a hold of.
Yeah, just be online. You'll hear something eventually.
I think Pink and I discussed that premise, at some point.
We should talk about that 'take over an NPC' thing sometime, Pink, I like the premise and I want to put it into practice at some point.
There's not really a formal application process
?
I'd like to do that in Cleveland as well
Yeah, that's why I like the idea so much.
Broken handcuffs as focal point for manifesting power
Keeping us topped off at 100, eh, Non
Need to resolve other things first, spelt
Other things happened on Dec 3 besides Behemoth
Teller, are you available for a moment?
I'd like to borrow a moment of your time, with respect to one of your Flint actions
_seen Dalenacio
Yeah, it did.
Totem and +1 to Guts/Ath/Brawn, her choice, were the luck rolls.
Totem focus is broken handcuffs as bracelets. Power manifests around them.
Who was Grundlesnatcher racist against
Prior experience living on the street before PRT took them in- compulsively hoards food, severe panic attacks when seeing food thrown away, carries an excessive amount of high-energy snacks and eats as a matter of comfort/security, often.
Non is busy on Fridays and Sundays IIRC
I should be available, yes
Grits needs more PCP
Ach, Pink, I thought you meant this evening
I have work until 4.5 hrs from now
Deepest apologies
Sorry, Megs, still scheduling with Corsair's player
I have a lot of respect for Nordmann
nice hair
Nordmann is impressive, in all honesty
He's a champ
I don't think he'll get shrekt
Lausanne is ongoing in #WD_Lausanne, Cactus.
This is really entertaining to watch
Too slow :P
snek
Dogs too rambunctious? :(
Agh, that's frustrating :(
Howdy, Tell
Yes, I am ready whenever
5 is good.
I think using # lets you do notes on Dashy
_roll 1d6 #testing
In-channel rolls are more convenient for bookkeeping, so yeah, by all means.
No need to worry, Tell - I'm in no rush
I rate onitan's Lausanne performane 0.4 out of 1 Feints
Oh? What's your major, Oni?
Saff, have you read the Lausanne logs, by the way?
They're very enjoyable.
Let me know if you have the time, and I'll link them to you.
That's a pretty broad category of majors. :P
Have I?
You may be misremembering
Oh, I thought you meant with regard to statements about Non's power
My IRL friends have varying degrees of palatability.
I'm good whenev, by the way, Pink
Just gotta hit the sack in 3.5~odd hours
I can do both without any worries - I've got no other distractions / obligations to tie me up.
I may pause for a quick snack, before we begin, but otherwise I foresee no issues.
Alright. I will be busy from 9:30 - 1 and 4 - 7, but free otherwise.
You're a real treat to GM, Tell
:D
Just the one arm
I've got a couple of hours, Pink.
Katabasis?
Let me get my computer charger, some snacks, refresh myself on the logs.
Low-profile, discreet, surreptitious, hm
Under the radar
No chains, though the door is locked.
What's up, Spelt?
I'm a young and sprightly, cheerful dodger
Cueball > Heirloom > Mouser > Kruos > Caretaker > Minefield > Turtlebug > Shadowdancer > Blademaster 
More fun than power
Want to regard 'Heirloom' as a means to squeeze out optimal use of esoteric equipment
Weird but cool weapons that would be hard to learn via standard methods
Haven't had the opportunity for that to happen, IIRC
Sure.
Swippity swappity mover powers I feel like I added to the 'too common' list a while back
Night, folks
:D
Should be able to access all four segments from the header
Character Creation, Gameplay Rules, Gear, Skills
Less of a priority, as we've still got the old gear document to work with
Skill / armor / reputation rework is the focus here, AFAIK
Incidentally, Nonagon  - let me get the scheduling out of the way beforehand - does Wednesday 5:00PM CST work for you?
o7
That was your flaw, I can take no credit
This channel limit is wrecking me
Oh, there she is. Never mind
Free.
Hmm, maybe tomorrow afternoon/evening. Wouldn't be able to do this for too long, given the lateness of the hour, and would prefer to be uninterrupted for a two hour block of time at least.
Does that time tomorrow work for you, though?
Looking forward to Mega/Non Lausanne.
!
San Perlita!
Hey Vern
Got your message, Vern. Friday?
That's fine, I'm relatively free most days.
Just find a time that works for you.
_seen apoc
I wonder if Z would do a deal with the Templar and Armada Power Couple?
Not as suit-bearers, but as Tinkers who could provide their expertise to the enclave.
You have to kill someone to get a suit, with some other stipulations that I likely don't know about
But as far as actually joining the suit manufacturers?
Not a damned clue.
I wonder if I should start a betting pool.
I'm just trying to get good at drawing power armor before I take a crack at drawing Reimann.
Reimann isn't much for guns.
^
I might take a crack at drawing the 'Maiden' that showed up in Abattoir's session.
The melee weapons are great, I'm very fond of the 'charging' ability they have.
Hey, didn't you get a little cut up when you jumped out of that window?
I can help.
Back in a few.
There was discussion with respect to making a 'PRT Squad Mod' for XCOM2 in the parahumans subreddit, IIRC.
Flint hype, Dalenacio?
I'll be giving results on 2/15, accepting weekly orders past that day as well.
I should be finishing your snippet rather shortly.
What did you have in mind?
Spacefaring alien race watching the Entities ravage their way through galaxies travel to Earth, intent on intercepting them, putting a stop to the Warrior and Thinker's rampage by destroying the hosts of their shards?
That would be an interesting concept.
You're already eating dinner, spelt.
Don't be greedy.
!addquote Thalia: Like Panda, but better.
Thinking about writing some interludes for Cleveland, from various NPC perspectives, as a cleanup to Arc 12.
I need SOMA for a session but he's slow-rolling for some reason
Player One tonight, Nachzehrer/Saff/Snow(?) tomorrow
Dol hopefully sometime this week
Campaign is hitting the point where I feel comfortable enough to try running Bow, once arc 13 wraps up, if he's still interested
Have intentions of running a one-shot or two near the end of February to introduce newer channel-members to WD and get a handle on their RP style (Cactus, JustLurking, Vulstag)
Hoping to use those one-shots as a proving ground to test the skills rework.
I'm planning on doing so, Oni.
I'm going through the backlogs right now, proofreading and reformatting
And I'd like to hold off for the time being
(don't want another wave of newcomers at the moment)
What was the question, SCG?
I must have missed it
Matraque and another cape that I don't think I got the name of, I think.
I thought SCG met Calc.
Let me check the logs.
Yeah, 'twas
Two women, Spade and Wand, one man of the Patrol
Wand was Matraque, I think.
Patrol Guy was a thin dude in a black bodysuit, IIRC.
Ah, here it is - "The man is thin, dressed in black, with a stormcloud at the breast."
Spade lady didn't give her name.
>.<
Medieval armaments.
Bows were used, last conflict.
Two capes on the same team not visually distinct enough? Nordmann, you suck!!
I could have done great things with a Morty corpse. :(
!addquote <Antioch> I could have done great things with a Morty corpse
There was discussion between SCG and I, with respect to experimenting on using his robots as a skeletal frame, synthesizing flesh and muscle to cover it, but I have no idea if that's feasible.
Hmm, I'll make Lock examining the gauntlet's databanks as a second interlude, then.
The drone died for you.
I can't think of any chucklefucks willing to raid an irradiated ruin for destroyed Tinkertech.
A rat butler, or a ratler
"<Antioch> I can't think of any chucklefucks willing to raid an irradiated ruin for destroyed Tinkertech." Isn't that basically Scrags' trigger for lavos's game?
I don't recall that trigger, Non.
But the site of a Leviathan attack is less irradiated than a B'moth attack
Oh, Megafire, got a moment?
Early teens, IIRC?
Oh yeah, you got the full Patrol document with their power summaries.
Well, I don't plan on tangling with them any time soon.
Whoo, yeah, I've had some cruddy sessions because I was dozy / in a funk.
The latter can be entertaining, but I fall pretty firmly on the side of GMs that use rolls sparingly, I think.
Would be interesting to have a 'how many rolls made this session' counter, compare it between the GMs here.
Your sessions have easily been the most roll-heavy, yes.
Some things for you to look forward contained within:
Imagine if dogs had gecko setae pads on their paws.
Climbing dogs, dogs clinging to the ceiling.
Getting into all the pots and pans on the top shelf.
I'll be working on that as well, spelt, though that's less of a priority.
That one's more a 'lemme fill this one out when I feel like it'.
Oh, are you looking to ensure there's no conflict in cape names?
That's fair. Should I move the hiatus campaigns back to the main sheet, and leave the abandoned ones on the other sheet?
Now that you mention it, I wonder which character has seen the most "in-game time".
Roger that.
Done - I'll wait until you're done adding what you need to before I resort the spreadsheet.
Sorry, the session I'm running at the moment is secret.
nah, secret session in the locked channel.
I reduced the spacing between lines from 1.5 to 1.15
OK, have Cleveland planned out up to about Arc 15, the generalities rather than the particulars.
Can't wait to see how my players ruin my expectations entirely
Depends on 'nearby'
One in youngstown is maybe 1.5 hr away?
Things sure are happening in Cleveland.
Incidentally, Nonagon, could you PM me a rough summary of your preparations for your meeting tomorrow?
soulpelt sets everyone he doesn't like on fire
it's in character for Wink, an arsonist
Well, next few Cleveland sessions are going to be eventful
HIV is merciful
Whew
That sure was a doozy
Night, folks
       b                                                                                                                     
Alright, I have about 1.5 hours to sock away on working on WD-related projects/stuff while my simulations run in the background.
I have to write up an interlude for what happened on 12/03 evening.
Since Saff and Non are playing tonight, I'm going to be giving the cliffs notes in #WDCleveland
Hop in for a sec, let me tell you what happened.
Mega, you as well.
It's a recap of what you spectated yesterday.
You should be able to see the logs on your Thaliaway account.
Livestream of cape events in Cleveland, late night of 12/03.
Maybe Mortal Lock is moonlighting. You never know.
I'm in the process of expanding Lock's tech tree, with respect to the data you've given him.
Drones are the fruit of the sea.
SOMA's fault, in part.
His 'gang', so to speak, is Tinker-exclusive.
Bribery and resources. His power is decently suited for a leadership disposition.
One LP, one PP.
And he nearly threw it all away, getting shrekt by someone with the best power flaw.
Point - flaws > perks
For my enjoyment, at least.
:3c
Flaws are unequivocally better for writing interesting characters.
A Superman story would be woefully unentertaining sans Kryptonite.
Directors have to get M-scans, so Mendez has 0 chance of naturally triggering.
Barring interventions from strange capes like Paraclete, or the use of a Cauldron vial, that's not likely.
Hm, I dunno about the bud thing.
Having said that, Findlay would likely be your replacement, or interim replacement, in the event you were fired / let go for whatever reason.
Shades and Amphetamine Queen perform a covert ops mission to replace all of the coffee within the PRT facility to a decaffeinated variety.
Truly, revenge is sweet.
I'm very fond of Amphetamine Queen's name.
Columbus PRT takes a different tack to Cleveland's. Their methodologies differ, and there, Mendez is perceived much like the rabid dog on a leash that she portrays the capes in the Cleveland Protectorate as.
Hm, clunky phrasing.
I'd like to speak with Teller about that, at some point, with respect to the Columbus backstory.
D'you mean Columbus?
Or am I gonna have to kill Mendez? :P
Heh.
Please don't kill anyone tonight, anybody.
Having SOMA and SCG in the same campaign is not something I want to think about.
Arc 1 close to done, proofreading/formatting-wise.
The entire player doc
The plan is to get the story edited and put on AO3, I think.
Mister Sandman. Nonlethal takedowns
at the time he triggered, I feel like he'd be too far gone to go for heroics.
My triggers have been: failed to escape arranged marriage, accidentally killed the guy who stole my bike, got dropped from the sky by a girl who I dumped, Case 53 - vial
No, you roll life flaws if you don't say meow.
You roll life claws if you do.
Nyan.
The Meownstrosity
Degrassi quality worm, starring Drake as Genesis
I'd enjoy GMing that.
One of them is Supreme Earth.
... oops.
Apathy is really boring to play, for the obvious reasons.
Arrogance I like.
Olivebirdy: no
Woo! Fuckery!
Prepping for session, apologies for lateness, Nonagon 
I should be, yes.
Well, you know, what catpuns, catpuns.
Ready, Non? I'm waiting on Saff, still, but we can prepare.
Not yet.
Saff is getting dinner.
Technically I am getting it too.
No, I'm getting dinner
go for something with shrimp in it I say
!addquote Non|Nachzehrer> If I'm going to die I'd like my last meal to be Taco Bell.
What a fucking quote.
What a fucking goddamn quote.
Is a Quesaloopa the Taco Bell equivalent of an Oompa-Loompa?
!addquote <Antioch|GM> go for something with shrimp in it I say
Believe in the me who expects you full well to die tonight
!addquote <Antioch|GM> Believe in the me who expects you full well to die tonight
Nah, he'll get a cooldown period of sorts, there are other folks in line at the moment.
You should have learned your lesson and not teamed up with her :0
0:
Terry's fault
Investment!
There's a lot of hate going on in here.
Best of luck on your Zoup journey, Thalia.
I wonder how Teruzi feels about zoup, in relation to zee story.
Way to call someone a short bitch and then ask for a truce.
Real polite, Killhand.
I know what's fit'na happen.
And then I realized that it was a real place. Not only is it real, but it's apparently a reasonably successful franchise.
Tensions are high.
If they kill each other, Coldhand mysteriously lives.
Would be an amusing resolution.
Unfortunately, the brainstorming time was spent as a feverish coma dream.
Which is roughly equitable to the quality of your current plan.
So rock on.
I literally just said "... shady" in a voice that indicated I was raising my eyebrows circumspectly.
I'm concerned.
There are, canonically, overmuch 'cat'-themed capes.
Dunno if that number beats the amount of [METAL] [BIRD]  capes out there.
Golden Shrike, cool guy. Lead Albatross? Not sure.
I should not have started this.
I have several regrets.
Metal bird is the new cape paper scissors
Is your Berlin cape a hero or villain?
I think was Thalia's question.
I'm planning on knocking out the rest of the Flint doc on Friday.
Easier for me to sit down and write something if I'm not interrupted
Yeah, you've been given an address
Sorry for the lack of specifics, couldn't really make up a number / street on the spot
now your soul can rest in peace
Not yet.
No, I'm at Shelby.
Doing this makes me want to implement the dice pool skill rework. Itching to see it in action.
Oh, did you bike here?
I'm giving Matt a ride home today, and I'm not sure if it's going to fit in the car...
_seen apoc
Shame, Coldy has a cool power.
Sorry, that was not an intended pun.
Oh, huh.
Thanks for the heads-up.
Wink was out of the loop because he was in frickin' Turkey. That's on you.
Sorry pals. Had to do this by the book.
Hmm. I bumped it up to 2 for that reason.
That sounds like a good #gamedesign question.
And go for it.
He also firebombed a police station, and kept getting away from bad situations with near fatal wounds.
And had a life flaw that meant he had goons after him.
Can't exceed stat cap but bonus points are good.
Only relevant ones though.
2 pips, iirc
Night, folks
<Non|Nachzehrer> "Jesus, you little rat. Die with some damn dignity." Nach shoots him again, and again, until he fucking dies. || <Snowbird> "Such a shame, fate seemed to make us for each other. It's a pity we couldn't ever see what would come from working together" || <Antioch|GM> The bullets pound into his chest. He manages to cough out "Such a shame-" before he's cut off, either from dying, or a bullet entering his lung. ||
to answer your earlier question, lexicon, sleep paralysis triggers were once over done, but there have not been any new ones since May 2015.
non, did you roll milestones for me yet?
yes, please schedule a good time for me to run your introductory session during this upcoming weekend or week
I'm uncertain. The Knowledge stat capping your skill list was an old rulebook thing.
It's not mentioned in the new one.
I'm going to be retooling your power somewhat, Scrags, incidentally. Will need a luck roll.
That's pretty close to Tower, honestly.
More for the sake of my need for orderliness and up-to-date-ness.
Not really necessary, but it makes me feel better.
Let me grab my laptop, on my phone and just woke up.
And let me finish hashing out the milestone stuff with Non
D'you want to hold off on Milestone stuff until Wildbow logs on, and we can ask for clarification?
Remind me to raise the question when he logs on.
He didn't have dodge in the first place, AFAIK
Otherwise we wouldn't be asking these questions
Give me the cliffs notes of your cape's actions post-trigger, Scrags?
I recall we spoke about this at length two or so months ago, but I can't remember the particulars.
Also, do you want Insciens to afflict Wits or Knowledge?
Tower Perk (power starts weak, grows strong) and Strength Flaw (fettered: leave no man behind)
It's not, I just want new luck. Sorry for being a stickler about it :P
I'm actually working on your new character sheet
One sec
Oh, g'morning, Wilboar!
Let me finish hashing stuff out with SCG, char-sheet wise
Speaking of the 'Shattered Chains' perk, SCG, which option will you be going with?
OK, can do.
Hmm, not sure, actually.
What he's got against you is the perception that you'll eventually run out of cocaine.
Feel free to draw up what you plans you have and send them to me.
Yeah.
It was to seduce you, you guessed correctly
Power is reworked, Scrags, taking a shower
painkiller
Seattle is the site of a Leviathan attack, which may be why?
OK, Bel
Cape name Atropos is always nice
gotta go with a #metalbird name
crawler sounds like a decent example of that happening
oh, hoops, you beat me to it
i'm relatively certain that peekaboo is taken, in Hoisington
again! I am off my game today
Fairpoint
Ever have one of those days where you sit down to get shit done, but there's a lot of shit done so you waste a few hours trying to decide which shit you should be getting done first?
Well, I've gotten to the point where I'm not particularly thrilled with the quality of my writing for my earlier sessions, so... that's an improvement, I guess?
Cleveland, Vern
well, something smells really good right now. I'm hungry again
Hey, Scrags.
Sorry, I found out I have a test to proctor tomorrow morning from 10 AM to 11 AM EST.
I'm going to have to go to bed slightly early today, but I can get up early to run you in the morning.
Do you think 7:30 or 8 EST would be good for you? There is not an issue for me to run you while proctoring the test, the students know better at this point.
Let me know what time you are up tomorrow
Aww, shit.
You're busy tomorrow then?
Hmm. I can work with that. I'll be free all afternoon.
I am, but I made some good headway today.
I should be able to finish it in the morning, before Scrags get back.
anything i miss today?
Did Bow write Oni's trigger with the Patrol in mind? It seems like that would be the case, although I'm curious.
Brushing my teeth.
Need more details, Panda.
Forum quest?
Auto-brushing.
Was oni's trigger written with Nordmann and the Patrol explicitly in mind?
Or was Nordmann borne from the trigger?
That's gonna be a 'yes', innit?
I'm not about the quest managing life.
Tried it once, didn't really tickle my fancy.
Nice.
That's damn nice.
That's something I wish I could pull off as a GM.
Good night, everyone
If you metagame, Shockodile will eat you
Hm, yeah, I get you, Mish.
I've taken two countermeasures against that, thus far, I might be able to come up with more.
Hey Vern. I'm about to head onto campus to proctor a test. I'll be free to play Berlin then.
25, give or take 5.
What's up, Scrags?
I get similar sentiment from the SO. It's frustrating to her that I'm perpetually on the computer / phone, which is understandable, but it's very habitual at this point.
Rereading the Suits document, with respect to the the varying suits and which tasks they're equipped to handle, and the overarching thematic elements are really impressive.
I'm imagining a lot of the natural triggers in the 'Swords' suit faced the crises of an inverted Sword minor arcana.
Which is fucking genius, remind me to give further props to the 'Bow on that front.
Yeah, that's the one.
No prob
I have to give Vern some big props for making it fun and interesting to play a hero
nonetheless, I'm getting some really good ideas as to how I would GM a hero and have it be fun, it didn't really go through my first try, and now that I think about it, there aren't really any heroes being played by PCs in Cleveland
awesome, give me a second while I drive back to the apartment
personally, I made a big score when I hit a villain drug stash/armory
but I could see other people doing public appearances, have dinner with a hero lotteries, merchandising, or selling out to corporate keep teams that are non-protectorate affiliated
that being said, it seems like the latter would be more popular
HT received a relatively substantial portion of bounty money when they assisted the PRT in the Auswahlen attack
but it would be nice to have some inkling of what the standard reward money, etc., would be in, say, the PRT master handbook
i'm about to become a sellout is what I'm about to do
Leapfrog is crowdfunded corporate hero team
Bow is polishing the OOG stuff and accounting for hero actions in there.
^
Hey howdy, Wilbur.
Crowdfunded villainy would be much like how String Theory did it.
Pay this much for a guarantee that your ass isn't blasted off the face of the earth, completely at random.
Oh, yeah, that's a better example.
Got your mind on the money
Got your money on your mind
Let me pour you a gin and grapefruit
Yeah, English is fucky, but in an entertaining way.
Bawww.
Making lemon chicken w/ tabbouleh
It's possible to burn tabbouleh if you're a damn fool and pour the bulgur into the boiling water on the stove and let too much water boil out.
No, but I've done it to rice.
Freshman year of college, had to make stovetop rice as I was missing the rice cooker. Fucked it up, kinda, by getting distracted.
It's pretty tasty. Hard to get where I live but not tricky to make.
I used to have some fresh mint in a window herb box, which was nice, but I don't think I could have one now. The cats would eat it or dig it up.
this fuckin see-saw ass bitch
Heya, Ask-A-Sloth
Oh, goodbye
Maybe there just weren't any sloths in here he needed to interrogate
You're goddamn right
Wraithraiser.
Pukey McBadtouch
The Spookhouse
Back.
Making lunch.
Will be able to GM soon.
o7
Works for me.
shoveling food into my mouth
starving
20 pieces of gyoza in and I still hunger
Too late bub it's in my tummy
Potstickers, fried dumplings
Pork tenderloin pot roast in the slow cooker
Wanted to make a Suits presence in Berlin / Berlin Wall analogy
Sorry mate I'm cucking you with lunch
Be done in a few
Well done, vern
Somecrazyguy. Ready?
Group edits have, from my experience, gone poorly / unproductively.
Not in Worm context, just in general.
Sure, after your post
Wits roll, scg
bitch i'm high all the time
did you just troll the fuck out of me scrags
Go to #blushyplayground, type !quote [NUM] here
Quotes 1-390 exist
's cool
it ain't for erryone
Only one of them.
Busted out, whereabouts unknown.
Hey, we're getting the irrelevant ones out of the way first.
that fucking dodge
A+
Uncertain on the logistics of withstanding a bullet
tbh
Oh, your morale is 'euphoric', by the way, thanks to the cocaine you did
So you have a single reroll you can use
!addquote <SCG>  "If you fuck with me, you'll be shitting yourself, facedown in an alleyway. Consider it a parable."
i'm shitting myself, tbh
Laughin
SCG is being a bad sport. He's Ten of Swords-ing it up without the flaw.
Fair point. I don't mind, I'm enjoying the humor of the situation as well.
I like the new Gigawatt. She feels more real, the dialogue flows a lot better.
!addquote <Antioch|GM> He doesn't nod his head. Maybe he can't, you sick fuck.
That would be quite wasteful, yes.
np m8
Prof. Haywire, maybe
I'm making a steak dinner of some sort
Steaks have been acquired, but I'm not sure what to go with
Howdy, Thal, what's up?
Hm, let me find a good time this week.
Do you work weekends?
Howdy, Pink, what's up?
One of the sentences in said article was "There are 2 possible consequences of electrical injury: the person either survives or dies."
My fucking sides.
This is with respect to my Detroit character, yes?
I'm free right now.
Sperlita back in action?
Ayyyy!
I'm around. Taking a shower
Waiting for the water to heat up, about to step in
I do have the waterproof case for my phone, but my glasses will get wet and fog up so it doesn't work so well for me
I've got Thalia and Firlz scheduled, but I might be able to swing it around 5, 5:30 your time?
No promises.
Delineating player handbook from gm handbook is not bad idea
saff
sitar
eat
What was the earlier nah for, scg?
sorry m8
lunch and work
It took me a moment to get what you said
But omg
are they gone?
Rip, green animas
sorry i'm eating so much
i'm really hungry
<Antioch|GM> He doesn't nod his head. Maybe he can't, you sick fuck. (at line 392)
Say, Non, is San Perlita going to be a standalone WD IRC campaign?
Or is it going to have a corresponding quest?
I remember San Josafat being an 'alongside a quest' thing, IIRC?
Oh, I gotcha.
!quote 331
Muh feelins
Gigawatt's just another thoughtless casualty of the cruel and disproportionate retribution the PRT exacted on the Dust Devils
Well, you got the trivia question right, but your opponent's still a live
*alive
Thalia - ready?
I dunno, since I dunno who the one mastermind you're thinking of is.
You'll enjoy finding out who the two are.
Is that WoG
And yeah
o.o
It was
Well, now I know
Link me that PRT quest thingy? I'm amused now
Thanks
Oh no, Thal probably knows more about hospital stuff than I do
I've just been to the hospital a lot and never worked there
I can continue in 1.5hr
brb
A p o c r y p h a
A P O C R Y P H A
aw
Someone should fill Firlz in on Player One
He would know upon his return
Bel, as well
No, secret session that ended up getting livestreamed so Idk why it was secret
The joke is that your quintuple lance is derived from Khandhas's power
it was just a coincidence
did you see how in the khandhas vs witchhunt session
i listed khandhas 5 times in the cast list
The site gained a lot more legitimate users as of the Borgata incident
incidentally, player one website has gotten a lot more legitimate users after the incident
that's the secret aspect of his power they were trying to keep under wraps. A bonus clone
it's like one of those riddles that has a very obvious answer, but only in retrospect
He isn't
Bogota, not Borgata
Taking a break, will be free to play for Pink's session
And will be free to run Firlz and Bel
No prob, bob
Howdy
Let's do a thing
Who wants to do a thing
They're still doing stuff.
Just nobody's really cared about them thus far.
Okie dokie.
Go for it, Bel
Golly, Cody
And I'm free, free fallin~
Even if he died, he would not have
r i  p
Wow, nice
He isn't, he was just doing something that needed four rolls
Know, yeah
How familiar you are with the city
:O
Simurgh latest was Madison, July 2009
i'm still around here, you can talk with me right now in PM
Britt doesn't know what she's missing out on
I got wings now, bitches
Hot, sexy wings
That is my plan, yes
Thalia go to homecoming dance with me
I'm having fun playing Cody
He's uncomfortably close to my teenaged self and it's cathartic
what was the best?
!addquote "the mere act of shitting would kill me" - khandhas, paraphrase
Roger that, Wilboar.
Joey Camaro is the gangster you want to be making fun of.
Derived from the slang "bitchin' Camaro," because he complains all the time.
These are getting worse and worse.
Tommy Salami
It's in a gift basket on the HPIA desk. dunno if it's been opened or not.
G'night
You guys can keep running tomorrow and I'll kind of half-attentively moderate
But I'll be kind of embroiled in Valentine's Day stuff
Dags is basically just my sub-GM
And I'm pretty okay with that
Got caught on a bump with how to handle The Shemz's character
Trying to hash out how she'd get a handle on her power and get to the point where she's trying to start a gang
But everything should be daijoubu
Man, what if we replaced all instances of 'copacetic' in Worm to 'daijoubu'
> joining an organization run by OB
> ever
Olivebattles Spacebirdy
Think it was elaborated on old Tinker doc...?
first time I've seen a .arpa TLD
Would you be up to playing in my campaign at some point, Bow? Think I've gotten where I'm comfy enough with my writing.
Would be Cleveland, yeah.
I was silly and asked when you were out, Bow.
But I was wondering if you were still interested in joining my campaign.
Yeah, Cleveland.
I'm prepping a steak but can answer questions
I could do the former, as far as the latter, I have some ideas, but would prefer not to shoehorn you into any particular role
washing my hands
Going to PM wilbur, 1 sec, getting to my laptop
One of the reasons I was uncomfortable with running a Protectorate cape was because I felt like my knowledge of PRT policies / et cetera wasn't sufficient enough to portray the lifestyle accurately.
Given that it'd be Wilbur, that's not so much of a concern.
yes scrags
it is valentines day
i am sorry
_seen Teller
Denver?
I have some Denver stuff I can PM you
Ran it in meatspace a while back
Here's my most recent version.
Nonagon has one too, IIRC?
Ping me when Pink or Teller are on, if you can
Thanks Dol
Oops. Good suggestion.
Maximus?
Do you mean Prime Axiom?
That session was a one-shot, with issues mentioned by soulpelt. I wrote it so the break point was the destruction of the onboard camera of Prime Axiom's suit.
It's intended to provide the Cleveland players a teaser for the first legitimate antagonist.
They were fodder capes.
Every cape is fodder to me.
Gallows was a weak bitch.
Well, that's not entirely fair.
*lung implosion
Oh, no. His orders are coming from higher up.
He's here to clean up your mess.
;)
Not certain that America uses capes for military operations. Seems like it'd get a mention, were it the case.
Do you mean Baltimore, panth?
He played as Grindmauler there
Also recall Bow playing as Cardinal and Fleece
In Hoisington and Detroit, respectively.
Sometime this week, I think.
Either this afternoon or tomorrow would be fine with me, if you're free at short notice
OK, sounds good. I'll make some time to prepare today.
Mornin', Bow.
I don't see you burning a fatted calf in penitence
!search killed eidolon
Howdy Tell.
Got a moment?
PMing you the details.
dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/45674515/widgets/log_formatter.html
Blegh. Not getting any work done today at all, despite setting aside eight-odd hours to do it.
Feels like I'm trudging through a migraine.
@ Wilbur - I have a brief question for you, if that's alright?
Was intended to be "curtsey", but made a joke of it
It's a charming and polite thing to do.
Yeah, I asked in PM.
"Simurgh this, you fucking machine!"
Formatting is great, BTW.
Do you need me to fetch the logs where you shoot Coldhand until he dies?
Fair.
Is there... a spectrum?
By which traits are we being judged?
Wondering about maybe implementing a 'mental wounds' category for esoteric/psychic damage or Thinker backlash.
Already a subcategory of pain debuff, pelt
Panda, can I borrow you for a moment?
Sorry for the delay, I got distracted by Sicol and am trying to tussle through a mild headache.
Impatient Veteran
Can ditto blind bids format is nice and smooth.
When I've ganked all the formatting I can from Tell, he makes more for me to burgle
WildOverpowered
I'm tucking in early tonight
Night everyone
Are you looking for Saff, Vern?
Hey scrags
You could have let me get that fucking radio
You hat-wearing tool
Bro
Where's my fucking rat wellington
It's an acquired taste
Bro
can it have a deep fryer in its tummy
Bro...!!!
Spelt, I will be free in 1 hr, give or take.
Cut it out, you're gonna make me pop a broner.
!addquote [Feb 16 16:22:25] <Antibroch> Cut it out, you're gonna make me pop a broner.
Depends on what you want the story to be.
If it's meatspace, are you thinking a standard 'party' composition?
Everyone meets up at the same time?
OK, gotcha. I'm thinking more action than narrative, a lot of combat / etc scenarios.
Battlemaps and shit, naw'm'sayin'
With that in mind, you've got two clearer options as far as party comp goes - something Undersider-y, or corporate hero team sent in to use problem solving
Combat's fun if the powers are fun
I actually use Roll20 for my meatspace campaigns. Hook it up to a projector
Beats using a whiteboard by a long shot
OK, hella tight
Start off just doing regular ass delinquent shit, they start making bigger and bigger waves
Some of the bigger fish want to either fold them in or wipe em out
Get suckered into gang war type shit
Trigger draft?
Nah dogg
It's Worm
Just bend over and roll ruin
o/
oh boy!
have fun, you two
This see-saw lookin'-ass bitch again.
Yeah. Masque made them both invisible but they had to stay still.
If I had rushed Formidable from the back, I would have bumped into them.
That's right.
Shouldn't it be 'miau'
OK, soulpelt| 
Are you ready
Not yet.
Still on the road.
Nah, I just told him Cleveland was hap'nin.
Iblis makes a lot more sense than Ibrahim.
As far as a name for a cape that spits fire goes.
Actually, I'm fine with that.
I'm capable of multitasking.
Yeah, this bad news for you was largely in part due to the fact that Killhand decided that graffiti was the best way to get in touch with Nachzehrer.
I am not to be blamed for this.
Megafire plays as the unpowered Director of the PRT in the city.
You can't have powers if you're a director, as a rule.
There are M-scans for that sort of thing.
Vern|GM - Erholungspark Marzahn
Bringing no subordinates
That's why I picked it.
Not because of Einheit
But because it's the site of my biggest failure
My power is decent for getting the shitting fuck out of dodge
I feel like I'm in purrgatory.
purGATOry
We just need Gengars
I FEEL.... O-KAY!!
Yeah
I would have laughed my ass off if SOMA died then and there.
An entire mystery to unravel, gone because he decided to recruit the psycho with an unstable power like a know-nothing prick.
I've been fooling around with debuffs here and there, with respect to certain powers (e.g. the 'chilled' debuff, for Coldhand)
It's a fun way to expand, as far as power mechanics go
Hiya, Dol!
Yeah, no problem.
I should grab some lunch too.
That sounds pretty great, Thal.
The pasta, not the deathmatch with Dolyn.
I'm currently using the 'Groups' section of Sicol to update the Cleveland doc.
Teller keeps kicking my ass in the 'Shiniest Player Info Doc' competition.
I dunno. It feels like I'm just playing catch-up, as far as polish goes.
No draft, just roll for pick order
Luck pick order is inverted
Wait, it's just a briefing.
I'm a dingus.
There are so many capes in cleveland!
I even went through the trouble of getting rid of some of them
Just let Cody take care of you.
Should be done soon. Am focusing on writing up some details for Bow, w respect to the Cleveland sitch.
Hey folks.
I see some new faces in here.
_seen fyfsixseven
_seen quanfinigon
different
Was to randomly choose a medical profession from a list
oncologist, obstetrician, etc...
mhm
Who Will Killhand Betray Next?
Quotesearch in #blushyplayground, please
Don't think so
Hmm, given what I do know re: Bow's entry to Cleveland, I'd say that it's an overreaction, yeah
!search audience
In class, haven't listened
sagittal or transverse bisection
He's active on reddit, maybe could get in touch w/ him
I'm available, Non.
Is this a revival of the SJ quest, or something new?
Sword and Shield striker, with an amplification theme to their power. Applicable to other shards.
Yeah, moreso the former rather than the latter.
Greater focus on the abstract, rather than the concrete
We can work from an Ingenue angle, but I'd like it to be more... direct.
Parasitic, maybe.
More focus on the Striker than the Trump, as well.
Weapon aesthetic can come later - sword and shield is archetype, not aesthetic
Defensive powers, gaining leverage, technique, finesse
Latter works
Can draw on mover aspect Words mentioned, having the striker aspects operate on a spatial scale
Spatial scale thing?
Extended reach / obtuse angles of attack via spatial fuckery
There's no such thing as reverse-Manton-limited
Off topic from current powergen, OB
Not really feeling it
Overemphasizing the trump bit, I feel
It's obnoxious when powergen degrades into attempting to pigeonhole a trigger within certain classifications
Yeah, that's more or less what I had in mind, sans the elemental enhancements
Debuffs versus pure offense
Pain, jolted, disorientation, fatigue, etc.
Oh, I gotcha
Yeah, that sounds great to me
Amplification, not weakening
Not really in line with the primary stressors to be an offensive drain cape
Whereas the person was a leech to their friends/allies, they wouldn't be a vampire to their enemies
Parasitism masquerading as symbiosis - long-term detriment to beneficiaries
As far as the power goes
Agreed on debuff, let me think about it
No need to backtrack, I'm satisfied with the power as it stands
Just need to hash out the details w/ respect to post-buff backlash
bloo hoo hoo
making better swords isn't offensive enough
Every time I'm in a power gen with you, OB, it feels like I'm either ignoring you or trying to talk over you
You really make the whole experience drawn-out longer than it needs to be
How mechanically polished does this power need to be, Non, given that it's intended for a quest?
I'm thinking more in terms of thematics rather than mechanics at present, don't want to make something that's too hard to nail down
I like it, not sure about the social bit
'brittle' as a keyword comes to mind
Balance isn't really within my considerations
It's moreso thematic, as mentioned earlier
Permanent alterations to equipment would be interesting, that being said
Disagree
I'm thinking a twisted, fragile Dauntless-type equipment alteration
i like that.
Nice.
I like what you did with luck for the SJ quest, dunno if it's doable with new luck
Slut Jousting
Balancing events between the two chronologically sounds like a real hassle.
^
Parallel universing it gives you the opportunity to flesh out NPCs and treat IRC PCs as NPCs but still a lot of work
I prefer to let my PCs do the killing for me
Whoa, dual-wielding stuff in the Gameplay Doc
Some more fleshed out stuff about blocks/dodges too
There any other powers you need to generate, Nonagon?
You gonna roll for Sicol, Yum?
That's a trick question. Every diebot is untrustworthy.
Case in point.
By the way, Tell, do you have a moment?
I'm still putting the finishing touches on it, but I ganked your characters list from Sicol to provide a Cleveland summary / people of interest.
Oh, did you go with Tampa for your meatspace game, Tubbs?
Cool.
Can you put in delightful capes such as 'Shockodile' and 'Gator Hater'?
Thanks. The kids will love them.
He's running it meatspace for his goons
Yeah, but it's a meatspace game ganking my Denver cape list, so I ain't bovvered
Hm, moreso just wanting a non-Cleveland-affiliated eye to glance over it, see if there are details I could potentially expound on.
It's intended to be a briefing / cliffs notes for Bow, and then for regular players once more specific information is redacted or reworded, but there are a shitload of capes in Cleveland, so I'm trying to make it short and sweet while not being a hollow shell of superficial information
!addquote <SOMA> I could have very well died like a bitch in my own fucking laboratory, and that's honestly pretty par for the course for me.
There are /multiple/ campaigns of mine to which that quote is applicable to you, and that concerns me.
of which?
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
That's the one that's slated for replacement.
One mo, let me /msg you what I'm working on.
Doubledown shot him, but the laser bounced off and severed your dong. You died of blood loss, but your junk was interred in the Birdcage.
bahahaha
that swine ambush
Hmm, that's a 'small' size category beast
Almost perfect
Stribog / Ambient?
Deleted via retcon, since he was a PC that didn't really do much to the story
Howdy, Wilbur, I have a completed document for you.
No problemo, just remind me when you hop on.
Actually, I'll remind myself.
We're having tacos for supper tomorrow
_seen Olivebirdy 
That was about 3.5 hours ago, I think
Bit full at the moment. If you stick around, I'll be running a one-shot sometime soon, so I can get an idea as far how your RP quality is.
After that, I'm sure there'll be some deaths / eliminations within the ranks, which may open up some sloths.
*slots
If I read spoilers on something, I generally just don't feel it's worth it to actually bother to read the work.
So it really sucks, like I've been robbed of X hours of entertainment.
What's up with Villain4312 and Villain4312?
Er, and Villain8278 
Uh, Zeikos
She has hands that kill people.
Wow, this got awkward really quickly.
I blame you, Saff.
I think PHO would be content-restricted like that, but geez.
Uhhh, tentative maybe on that one, Bel, leaning towards a 70% of yes.
OK. PM me your itinerary sometime before then?
I really like the word clown and all its derivatives.
Not like that, Bel. More like 'clown', 'to clown on', 'clowning', 'to be taken to clown town'.
'to be clowned upon'
Hmm. clown > stunt
7/10
Sorry for the delay, ran into something
oh, saff is brb as well
no issues
I give you points for creativity, but I'm deducting points every time I shake my damn head
This is the first.
Being Antioch is suffering.
I did, technically, strip to facilitate the Acid Sarcophagus gambit in Lausanne, so I guess we're square.
I am so out of my depth here.
A lot of my GMing involves a significant amount of mental extrapolation, and I'm trying to gauge the social/reputation fallout for both parties involved.
What am I to do? I've never even seen a single braest in my life
That was a jape, I apologise
At this rate, my palm will become glued to my forehead.
Yes, I use the corn syrup to keep my junk nice and slick while I'm busy whacking it to your titties RP.
Hmm, even as a sarcastic joke, I think that was a little too much
You are driving me to drink.
I have no idea. I'm just rolling with it.
She's been particularly conservative on that front.
On the bright side, if Thalia interacts with Peter in person at some point, I'll have a better idea as to how to write this... this, uh, smut.
My Detroit character is also practice, on that front.
You were in town. You were in college at the time, and ducked out when classes were cancelled when things got too bad.
You used that time to go on your trip, whereupon your triggered.
*you
What makes you think this isn't destined for tragedy?
Well, if you want to get technical, your power would be killing Peter, not you.
They had a mildly engaging conversation that fell flat after about an hour spent amidst the assorted dead and dying.
This has been a strange night.
'missed' more than 'spared', I think
Not sure what you're getting at, Bel?
SOMA's modus operandi is generally 'play himself up to be the big bad of the narrative, die anticlimactically at an awkward and hilarious moment that leaves you feeling narratively unsatisfied'.
!search SOMA
Ha! That's a good analogy, Vaklav.
I imagine it's worse for you, given that you're writing in first person.
Still painful, though, yes.
I'm /just/ sloshed enough to the point where I can handle this scenario with an even keel.
Oh, fuck, are Sam and Jameson in the apartment as we speak?
I get the feeling I'm not going to be living this down.
I am crying, slightly. I feel as though you should know.
I'm honestly hoping Cody is just too much of a creep for anything to go through, because I don't think I can bear the idea of having to write shit like that in first person.
Oh, that's right, I remember. That should help, Pink.
Depends on which metric of 'worst' you use, I suppose.
Ah well. Mads did tell me to write some smut at some point.
At least we'll have something to talk about over dinner tomorrow.
I'll redact these on the public logs of the Cleveland document at your request.
I have that briefing for you, by the way. I tried to keep it short and sweet, since there are a lot of capes in town to go over, but if you feel I skimped on info in certain areas, just let me know and I can elaborate where possible.
I truncated the information past a certain in-game date, so he won't be receiving the most recent developments.
Both parties are visually impaired to a certain degree.
Which one?
I did read it, but I did not draw inspiration from it in this particular circumstance.
"CHEW ON"
"ASS"
Never mind, I'll stop.
'Enough' is the short answer.
Have been doing the latter. At the point where I'm meticulously proofreading everything I type to ensure proper spelling / grammar.
We can stop at any time.
At this point, I'm not sure whom it'd be a mercy upon.
That being said, I'm glad you're all entertained by this.
I'm okay with continuing, largely because it's an aspect of my writing that I could theoretically polish, but I'll defer to Saff.
Is it an uncomfortable grimace?
I'm afraid my face may get stuck like this.
Yeah, it's back to back grimaces. My facial muscles are getting strained.
I'm halfway okay with this, largely because it's an aspect of my writing that I've never worked on, and if it can stand up to audience scrutiny, I'll be satisfied.
It's too late. I've already stolen it.
o7
That wasn't how I expected to spend my Wednesday night.
It takes two to tango, to use the phrase.
Didn't you go to bed around five hours ago, Zeikos?
You should get some more rest.
Yeah, you went to bed at like 3:45 AM your time or something.
As someone who is liable to do the same, let me warn you against it.
Well, that sure was a thing that happened. I'm sure I'll feel weirder about this in the morning.
Yeah, I'm free after six. Are you coming into work tomorrow?
Yeah, that's fair. I wouldn't fault you for waiting until you're done with your test.
With that in mind, I'll likely be free from 1:30 PM onwards. Send me a text when you're available.
Well, I should probably get some rest. G'night, folks.
Thanks for being a good (?) audience.
pls to no kill me nonagon
i'm just a humble rat man
the gigawatt one?
yeah it's somewhere
sorry mang i have some grading and hwk and tutoring to do today
I can at some point later today. Have a bit of work I need to handle.
Thank you, Non
Write like what?
Dunno if today is feasible, tomorrow would be.
I had similar issues around half a year ago, writing wise.
Things flowed better and got a little more polished after I GMed a shitton. Also, Saff is a good player who facilitates the better aspects of my writing.
Helps if you have an array of mental models of real people to draw from.
I heard that Kylo Ren is shredded, that he has an eight-pack
Dialogue is one of my weaker points, but it's heavily shored up by having it be PC/NPC interactions, such that I'm only doing half of it.
Hmm, I'm relatively certain I could do that with most of my NPCs.
I'd like to play that, at some point.
Out of the detail presented to my on character sheets for player in my campaign, Nonagon, Saff, and Teller are ranked highest in terms of quality.
!search ruthless
We can probably go ahead and get some backups in the 'to be vetted' list or some kind of overfill tab.
The main thing is just to make sure the dicebot rolls from the old pool, depleting older triggers first
?
Busy with work at the mo'
Despite my GMing schedule, I'm actually employed at three different jobs. Who'd have guessed?
Is that the Stephen King thing about the Kennedy assassination?
I knew it was a book, didn't know it was a show (?) / movie (?)
Howdy Bow-bow.
Rolls were relevant to morale in upcoming sessions, as well as general mental state.
Woo, get to requisition some stuff for my research.
Cocaine does tend to make you paranoid.
I tried to highlight that in the narrative.
I should be able to more blatantly touch upon Thalia's shard-caused paranoia as well, for future sessions.
I'm working on it, SCG
I have the doc, just pruning it for the more specific stuff Wilbur is getting
Missing some context, SCG
What's the 'Piers' thing about?
Didn't know he played as that.
Can't. Not a server admin.
Reaper baby? Babies can't hold scythes.
You fool. You imbecile. You moron
I've been awake for about 4~ish hours?
Yeah, a manageable amount.
__
Taking my car in for a quick part replacement, will be done shortly, Saff
?
The tacos are smelling pretty good, but are still in the slow cooker.
Phew.
Crazy busy day today.
o/
Hey Scrags. I'm busy for another 3 or so hours.
Would you want to nap now and do it then, or do it this evening?
Think so, yeah. Likely feasible to run sessions concurrently
Mornin, Rochambow
2 hrs from now
pm me what you intend on doing, scrags
Could just revive #WDFightClub with legacied capes or capes off the Playtest Capes doc
Draw up some random battle maps in Inkscape or something
Decent way to get information w/ respect to new mechanics
you can also make it so that any offense of action he would take against you would be harmful to him
E.g. surround yourself with caltrops, although that's a shitty example
give me about an hour and a half, SCG and mega. The weather is really good today so I would like to spend some time biking before we get started, partially to clear my head
It's a very sunny 55°F
I like the Captain Crunch donuts
What if... I legacied Spade into Sicol Bend
B)
I hope Helena returns someday. It'd be fun to see newcomers demolished by Blue Bumba
Sun/Mon evening?
Just stopped by a new place, had blackberry cobbler on a whim. Best pie I've ever had
is Keeper nontraditional because it'll use more of the OOG mechanics?
It's cool that a lot of settings are in chronological parity
Trade Oz for Gungnir!
Close
Gotta get to a computer
I'm wearing shorts today! Blessed be
OK, Somecrazyguy, Megafire - ready
That sounds relatively reasonable, SCG.
I'm sure there's at least one or two departments of the PRT that handle bad cases - capes with issues that need to be rehabilitated, primarily with respect to substance abuse
Or maybe they just stick them in the ass end of nowhere, like Licit.
Later this evening, Spelt
I'd recommend you pull some NPCs from the cape database as inspiration for the Arena characters.
OK, before you go, roll Guts for me
I haven't added the Lausanne capes on that list yet. I'll probably get around to it sometime.
Yeah.
Hmm, not Feint enough.
I'm deducting points.
An eight-ball, really?
I didn't know that they'd be using something derived from an imperial measurements.
Try some hot new swizzle
Yeah I'm here
What's up?
Just got home
Long time no see, lightningsteps.
何ですか
Probly mid afternoon
Gonna go collecting algae samples with ellie for a little bit first
I feel like I was supposed to run something today. Refresh me?
Ready, Dol?
Can run you as well
Not sure what you're intending on doing in your session, thus far
Felt mostly like an overview of administrative actions laced with exposition, which could be handled behind the scenes
With that in mind, you realize you're giving up a few days' worth of in-game time?
I feel like there's the potential for you to do something more proactive
Okay. I'll focus on your doing those things behind the scenes - nothing that would require an actual session, as such. Over the next few days, things will continue to happen - I'll give you the chance to react to certain opportunities.
Ping me when you're free, Dolyn 
Hmm. Going to Graz in the summer for a conference, but a little irritating in terms of distance, were I to visit Mega or Vern
Will likely be in DC in the winter, on that note, SCG
That's because you're in #WD_Lausanne2))
Your client picked up the parentheses at the end of the chain
Round and round it goes...
Lex, you're a fucking champ.
Only soulpelt has mastered the art of using reverse psychology on a robot.
Soulpelt is the anti-Simurgh.
This is probably the most fun Lausanne session I've spectated
I am dying, literally dying
Based lausanne
Don't roll a 1 on your medical check to keep me alive
Well, I'm still dying, but at least you didn't /actively/ kill me
It's not a ladder, it's a stepladder
I'm glad you liked it, that was writing that I was unfamiliar with, so it's nice to hear that I did alright
Thanks for all the positive words, everyone. Means a lot to me.
... where it stops ... 
I favor the wooden horse
Going to Graz, Austria
Huge kudos, Lex.
I really like your character.
0:
I love that flavor, though.
The interlude in particular was delicious.
Thanks for being a good sport, lightning. It was a blast, reading your session.
You could always cut off a lock of his hair, otherwise
Well played, Lex.
I have no idea where it came from either?
But that was the most fun session I've ever played.
All the best schemes are pulled wholesale from your ass.
Some of the ass-schemes fall through and fail horribly, but we only remember the awesome ones.
What flavor will it be
I actually was pinged by "anti" for a while
Cape name Greasefire
Take a closer look at that snout!
I'm still running something.
She's not doing too badly.
The explosion at the factory was something completely unrelated. Two local villains, Helldozer and ROFLcopter, attacked the foundry.
That was what the meeting was about. She just didn't ask.
Sorry, it looks weird out of context, Queen was more focused on her parents than the periphery of what they were involved in.
She didn't ask who the unfamiliar woman who answered the intercom was, e.g.
Sorry, Megafire - Dayton is closer to the Columbus department.
What are 'goblin powers'?
Given that two of their members are dead, probably not, at least for a while
Be a better war, I'd say
'on a red horse' and all that
[x] rude [ ] same [ ] true
Did you mean to reroll a new trigger?
Cancerous regeneration Trump
You're making me hungry
I miss Voodoo Donuts
Only been twice
Gonna be in the Seattle area mid-June, can maybe visit
Thought about doing one-shots and the like for newbies in smaller Ohio cities, e.g. Dayton or Akron or Cincinnati
Columbus is likely too work-intensive
I felt like Lex did a really good job.
RP quality was to the point where I'd actively ask Lex to join my campaign.
I think SCG and I will grow more at odds as we cohabit.
He wants to de-escalate, try to recover from the loss of social captial, whereas I'm wanting to present myself as a murderous psychopath who's too dangerous to be fucked with.
See you later, Mega.
Ping me when you get back on.
I have something for you.
Heh, I think I can see how that plays out
I'm content to just listen to the birdtunes
I'm thinking the first one, oni
Scrags and I ran into the Patrol at the tower too, so it's pretty likely
Hey, I like Nordmann
The guy has cojones
And he's done it all as a normal who knows how to apply force in the right places
Much respect to Nordmann
Don't pet the Ziz, she'll cure you of your Feint-ness
That's terrible
Aspire to be more like Feint, the champion
Protectorate tries to take everyone.
Better to have them inside pissing out than outside pissing in, so to speak.
'fucked you over'
Pffft
You're having a blast
The frozen head of Walt Disney is going to use sexist Twitter posts to contaminate fertility clinics, in order to prevent the Singularity
@ ThalAI - Session at 5:30 PM PST
Context for the luck roll?
And/or power gen?
What game is it for?
_seen Cactus
_seen JustLurking
Will be running some one-shots in the near future for new players.
Am available to run you earlier, ThalAI
Let me know when you are free
?
arc to session for
well, my text to speech program really fucked me in the ass there
Raiment mechanics linked above, soulpelt| 
>tfw 'yarn ball' is clothing
Can also grapple enemies, covering them with force-energy, then detonate them after four rounds of accrued grappling
OK, roger that.
Raiment is a fun power, would have enjoyed playing it, honestly
This is a bot-on-bot hate crime
You're playing with fire, Soma.
The Schwarzenegger movie?
did u call me a slag m8
Rolling hot where it counts!
That's a good tunes for this fight
I'm glad you like the campaign, Bel
All credit to Soma and Thalia for the cool scene
1d12 = 9 and 1d3 = 1 is Gutshot
Erupcion?
Was in Akron, prelude to Cleveland
It was an advantage - did give her a bonus to hit
I'm really, really happy that there's so much discussion about my campaign in chat :)
You guys are best
Yumgar's character, Knightmare
LoS teleportation, explosions on arrival - damages self as well
Augmented physiology, Case 53
Cleveland cape list is in progress, pardon the mess
He was keeping Lilith a secret, alarms kind of defeat the point. Obvious alarms, at least
Stealing from teller, xax
Was in the middle of fixing it when the session started
Going to bed soon so it'll be done tomorrow
What's up, thal?
Sure, what are you investigating?
Well played on being an A+ fuckhole of a villain, SOMA
!search soma
Seriously, I'm super glad you got in on this, you're a really fun antagonist
It wouldn't have worked with any other flaw but 10 of Swords
So it continues to be my absolute favorite
Sean's a gloater by nature, he lives and breathes that flaw, but he's really taking it to the next level
I will gladly
Fuck that smarmy guy
is the goal name
Psyched to find out what it is.
Really had fun that session, thanks again :)
I'll try to have arc 13 up by wednesday
Busy, busy!
Turns environmental constructs into immobile minions with esoteric vectors of attack
Streetlamp washes area with red light, driving victims into a frenzy effect, windows suicide themselves into a spray of shrapnel, trashcans... uh, call victims hurtful names?
Not sure where I was going with this
@Non - removing chunks from Gdocs - print layout option or something else?
Sick, thanks non
Let me get to my laptop, mega
What's there to hate?
^
Ahh, fair.
Not out the window, just into the h'pital hallway
You've done a really remarkable job pinpointing the limitations of Longinus's powers, incidentally.
Looks like the doc formatting got super fucky, the stuff I have for you might be delayed by 2~ hours or so, Meg
Driving to campus in a trice, will get it cleaned up
D:
Lessee if I can't knock this out of the way real quick then
Incidentally, Megafire - I'm slated to be in Graz, Austria, sometime around the mid/end of May for business.
Very likely that I'll be taking the opportunity to wander about Europe once that's concluded, as it's been on the list of things to do
So if I happen to be in your vicinity, hit me up and point me towards that schnitzel place you talk about
My laptop's trackpad is dying at a more frequent rate
Really need to get a new one.
I'm a food tourist, Vern.
I'm liable to do some biking in Europe, as it's a hobby of mine, but I don't think the logistics of bringing my nice road bike onto the plane are very sound.
Probably going to have to rent one.
Gardens of the World would be good to visit. I'd like to see how it matches up to my mental image of it from the session.
Incidentally, I've been badly wanting to visit Cleveland. Never been there before, know the place better than my own city in all honesty. Every street, every corner.
Luckily, I can also teleport
Cleveland is the 7th most popular channel on this whole server!
Later, Mega
Earlier roll of 1d12 + 1d3 with results 6/1 yields short-range 'sledgehammer' type blast, mod. bash type damage with knockback
Blond 5 o'clock shadow, faint Norwegian accent
Actually
SOMA's an avid troper, so I would be surprised if he's lining up some of these cliches on purpose
*wouldn't be surprised
The one you recorded? You don't have your phone on you anymore, if that means anything
Oh, maybe?
I linked it to him yesterday but he hasn't replied yet
Think I need a session from Nong and we'll be able to wrap up arc 13
You should be.
Nah, was arm.
"When He broke the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, “Come.” And another, a red horse, went out; and to him who sat on it, it was granted to take peace from the earth, and that men would slay one another; and a great sword was given to him."
Was just a tongue-in-cheek joke, named the blood infection debuff 'on a red horse'
The old one?
That one's teller's
Serve as leader of a small heroic organization, more focus on team/group management vs. individual action
Private/parahuman AFAIK
Oh, if that's the case...
Cleveland mechanics shifting to bonus die rather than +1 granted from skills per the beginning of Arc 14
As am I, hence the change
Won't bother w/ specialties yet
Stats are power, skills are competence/precision
Makes a good bit more sense, mechanically
** mechanically speaking
Not for you, emp, it's for tell
IRCCloud is good for me. I use it on my phone/laptop and have it running 24/7 on my lab comp
Ease up on the salt, soup
Not saying whether it's only been active as or recently, but as a GM, it's frustrating/disheartening to have people bitch about your campaign's availability/activity
*as of
I'm available, yeah
Another quest option?
You'll have to link me to the quest when it goes up, I'm interested to see it
O_O
Thanks m80
Toyed with running something on anonkun once upon a time but quests aren't quite my bag
Pretty heavy trump here, let me pull up the doc
0/3/7 seem prevalent
Pyrokinetic loses immunity to own flame, cape gains said immunity, et cetera
Vector for theft blaster projectile of some sort
Sorry for slow response, just caught up on the quest. Looks good so far.
Cape list is updated, sessions in the process of being proofread / edited
?
opens in march
all credit to teller
as a gm of a random trump, random trump can be a bother sometimes
cool power though.
?
OK, reminds me of Upperhand
Maybe narrow it down a bit?
That is correct
As per the document
I had thought your question was rhetorical
Cucking poor innocent Cody must surely go against Verdict's strict moral code
Looks good, Tell
Everyone's yesterday should be Tuesday, I think
Barring outlier like Hawaii
No
Go to bed scrags
It looks a little alarmed / alarming
Is it hollow?
I could use it to smuggle cocaine, which would be apropos and fitting to my sense of aesthetics.
Or I could drill a hole in its ass, fill it with cocaine, cover the hole with saran wrap, and then paint over the wrap with melted chocolate.
I think - smuggling cocaine via chocolate rabbit isn't my area of expertise, I'm just spitballing here.
Sadly not the case
Hm?
>tfw when the GM rolls 1d100 for broken condom
Man. I feel like a bad dude for typing those words.
But yeah, it would.
Not sure if 'bud' was intentional weed joke
I've never even seen a tiddy bress
Completely idle thought, but I wonder if Teller disables the $simurgh function for any rolls using 10d6 or more, to prevent people from gaming the bot to determine the percentage deviation?
I'll ask him later.
I love that "when did all d" autocompletes to "when did all day breakfast start at mcdonalds" in my browser.
Hey, panth.
Context for all-day McDonalds search
Just wrote that - it's a footnote for the Queen chapter I just uploaded
Up to 10, thus far, am intending on releasing one or two each day.
Thinking about writing up an outline for more events prior to raid on Devils - it seems more front-heavy (same density of words for trigger / Akron as Cleveland / Auswahlen)
By the way, if you can think of any relevant tags, please add them - I have no idea how the Ao3 system works
Could you link panth for me, Saff?
I'm on my phone at the moment.
Breakfast All Day sponsored by your friend Ziz
Hey, that reminds me, Non.
You up for a session today or tomorrow?
Works for me, Non.
Lets me put up Arc 13 and do some formatting
Man, Soma's a fucking idiot
Yeah. Just noticed something that he did, was a stupid oversight, basically
Figure it out
That, or he's intentionally leaving that gap to be exploited :/
I've dealt with Sean in prior campaigns, and he has a habit of doing really stupid things that seem smart, or vice versa
And I end up circumnavigating his fucked-up schemes in an endless reacharound clusterfuck to the point where I, the GM, am second-guessing
OK, going to work on getting Arc 13 put up.
I want to say that he only do the smart things that seem stupid to reinforce the aforementioned mindfuck, but that may be giving him too much credit
More like he's the kind of guy who likes to play Xanatos Speed Chess up to the point where he's losing, and then takes a messy, protracted dump on the board
No logs, sadly.
Was run on rolz.org, which was awkward/tricky to coordinate. Now that I'm more familiar with IRC, might retry, but managing 12 players who generally have to be online at the same time was sort of a nightmare.
That being said, that was a pretty fun campaign.
Yeah. Two other attempts to try again fell flat, all because of scheduling issues.
But man, when the stars aligned.
Shit was fucking golden.
I think, on some level, SOMA's operating as he does because he wants to see the Apocrypha power unlocked as badly as Thalia does.
To be fair, I'm kind of psyched to see it myself - I have the mechanics prepared.
Was about 3 weeks to conclude this arc, which I feel is a reasonable timeframe
Doesn't quite compare to my earlier pace, but I feel like my writing quality's improved
Feels good to go back, editing my older stuff, and think to myself, "Hey, this isn't garbage, it's pretty decent, but I know how to make it better"
Hey, precedent is a viable standard
1-8 feels more like a book 1, if you want to use that term
But you run into the same issue of delineating Worm into 'books'
Well, that has more to do with printing constraints
I'd like to do a word count of Cleveland at some point.
Probably broke 1 mil at this point
That is the plan.
Going to reformat all the old sessions such that they're 'up to code', so to speak
Shooting to have that done by this weekend
Log formatter is acting a little funny. Hm.
Hm, fixed it. That was weird.
I hate that 'Zoup!' has an exclamation mark at the end.
It makes any sentence ending in it sound uncharacteristically cheerful.
probably in part due to the disparity btwn mine & saff's writing styles
wow I completely forgot i had a test today
1.5 hrs of time allotted to editing down the drain
you know how they had to call bitch Hellhound to keep it PC, right? What if there was a cape called The Fuckler
Test wasn't an issue, more peeved at the loss of time
That's the class I tend to work on cleveland stuff in
What are you going to university for, Vern?
My preferred ambient temperature is about 32C, so Canada isn't quite in the cards for me.
I like these newcomers! They read the links and material enclosed therein!
Wow, that was... awkwardly worded
Extraneous degree
I have a Google Drive folder of much the same thing
I like setting more concrete goals for my players, but I need a better gauge to approximate how long it'd take for them to complete said goal
Have an idea for this power, writing it up.
Force, but not in the traditional wall sense. Focused around the palms and feet, extending throughout the entire body in a thinner layer, an effect that serves to dull/dampen incoming attacks. Erratic fuckery with inertia - in a grapple, field is unstable throughout, open-handed attacks grasping and tearing uneven chunks of flesh on prolonged contact.
Constrict - dull - wrench
Apologies if wording is unclear, on my phone at present.
Intangible molasses, if you want to use the stickiness analogy
While mover works for the trigger, I don't think it's necessary
Anything slippery seems to play at odds with the archetype/themes of the trigger that I'm focusing on
I feel like discussion of classification tends to bog down power gen and pigeonhole ideas, occasionally saddling powers with awkward secondaries - prefer to just propose a power and hash it out. Not really a criticism of this gen, just a thought I've tried to put into words in the past.  
Not saying power classification to trigger is a bad thing - just that coming to your own decision and making a power out of it is less drawn-out
I've seen classification debates get awfully circuitous
Also, puts me in a stickier state of mind for powergen when I'm preferring to think in the thematic / abstract
But that's a personal preference
Whoops, looks like I derailed things somewhat
We have a few proposed powers thus fat
*far
Your thoughts?
In the end, it's the GM who gets final say on the matter, and I think we have enough options to not make it a drawn-out affair
Oh, now that the power gen is over, I was meaning to ask - 
How'd you happen upon this channel, osco / Baker?
Looks like while my pace has slowed, as far as campaign arc completion, my volume has increased.
They're both Eurodwellers, so it's tough getting a hold of them.
Can let them know you were asking for them when they come on tomorrow.
_seen AceofSpade
I like the general premise, but I feel it's a little clunky / verbose.
Arc 13 up.
Still needs some minor editing / intro posts, but cleaned up enough to put online.
!addquote <Nonagon> This parahuman discovered one weird trick to keep working your old job. Shards HATE him!
I really like jokes of that format
Earth He would still technically be within Wormverse, no?
It is an Earth [foo]
I'm not bothered, either way - we do have a shitload of triggers now.
Changer, int. physiology change
_roll 2d6v1
Oh, Dashy has function that can be used for new skill dice pool
Great
I prefer GMing in second person, m'self.
"[22:39:34] <Antioch> Oh, Dashy has function that can be used for new skill dice pool" It's sorted, though. Means if you fuck up and make your dicepool too big you have to reroll entirely.
Did not. Have been busy
Read that Pact Dice doc. Looks really fun.
Had a goblin magic practitioner bouncing around in my head for awhile. 
Mmm, alright
Throat is killing me
Doubt it
On the subject of Gob Magic, needs an 'unwanted moneyshot' ranged option, damageless attack that blinds/marks target/penalizes morale
Unpleasant mental imagery is the conerstone of Gobmancy
Vs. unwitting targets, increased chance to incapacitate via nausea
Willing targets need to be recruited immediately
!addquote <Anti> On the subject of Gob Magic, needs an 'unwanted moneyshot' ranged option, damageless attack that blinds/marks target/penalizes morale
You're telling me my services as a GM could have been compensated by hard drugs
Fuck
FUCK!!!!
no idea mayne
i'm sick as hell
someone tell my nose to stop flowing backwards
Tome implement for Pactdice is my go-to
@ Olivebirdy - battered 1970s nudie magazine - first one the character ever got, snuck from a gas station at the tender age of 12
Goblinmancer, remember?
There was some discussion of electronic/tech implements, let me see if I can find it
Found one, Nonagon, but it's fan speculation re: a mobile phone as an implement.
Imagining any given non-Pact character with an implement of their choice is an interesting mental exercise
Temp. not as high as yesterday, still pretty subpar as far as overall physical condition goes
Just off of first impressions, would give Wink a matchbook - finite resource to be spent, a spark to be fanned into a flame. Strong when he chooses to burn out, but weak when he hoards/clutches at the remnants of power he has
Redcap strikes me as someone who hasn't completed an implement ritual at their stage of life, but is on the verge of doing so
It's a pretty good spear, TBH.
Hot damn.
Non, I believe, chose to forego to RPed via acquisition
the RPed vial acquisition
Sorry, I am dying slowly. My grasp of english is slippingn
As is the accuracy of my fingers.
Ooh, refresh! New perk/flaw?
I really dug it too.
Hey, at least I'm not a boneless puddle of flesh that needs a tinkered power armor to even move / function
McCoy vial has a 'melting' deviation theme IIRC
Would have possibly just turned into fleshslop
Which is happening to me in real life, so I can't really complain
Yeah, have been slowly dying over the past few days.
Tip- exposed bone does not activate phone touchscreen
coughing up a lotta crap, so the tongue thing sounds pretty bad.
she isn't wrong, tbf
Enjoy, scrags
Trust me, Emp, people in this IRC are ravenous for WD games
I'd be interested, Emp.
Would be an antagonist?
Glad to see various people are stepping up to GM
Hey, Saff, is game night this week or the next?
Nah, I mean, ABXY shit.
For a given value of 'alive'
2
Most of the triggers I write are based on real-life experiences, so what I do write is somewhat scant.
What to do, what to do
Recuperated enough to do something that's not too mentally taxing
At the moment, reformatting Cleveland logs
!search moneyshot
<Anti> On the subject of Gob Magic, needs an 'unwanted moneyshot' ranged option, damageless attack that blinds/marks target/penalizes morale (at line 428)
!addquote <Bel> Cat's dead? Gang initiation, nothing to do. Stolen cat? Gang stole it. Missing cat? Joined a gang.
Things are tidied up to Arc 4. Woo~
Was intending on putting up Clevedoc on reddit this weekend but illness might have delayed
Time is a treacherous thing
On that subject, would be really fucking interested in seeing how chronomancy would be handled in pactdice
CST
Huh, lucky me.
Let me take a look at the list of life perks.
That's my pick.
You guys' call on that one
Not director, leader of private/corporate hero group - Keepers
At this point, I'm not even sure who's joking
TotM?
Maybe one day someone will pick the Signet vial and then we'll see
Hm, new face?
Hi, Gan.
What brings you here?
Free-form play by post, or using the WD mechanics?
Hmm. Do we know the guy who's running the show?
Unless they go by another name here, I guess not.
By the way, Bow, if you're free to chat re: Clevestuff, I've more or less recuperated.
Have been giving some thought to the matter.
Got any questions about WD in general or ongoing campaigns, Gan?
Nice perks, Panda.
Oh, Bel, are you the PRT director?
Wow! He's a very skilled janitor
I'm very glad to have him on my staff
Who is OB? A Sicol cape
?
That's a slick looking character sheet.
Howdy, Words
I really like what you did with the Skills section
Starting players are on the Sicol doc
Tubes and Hiero as well, Pan
Pinnacle, nonhaven, deconstruction
3 keywords I have in mind
I hope Ghetto G-sus can be my friend
Banks as your surname, Panda
Or Kirksey b
* .
Tyrone is a given name.
You racist.
her
Thurs nite?
Actually a morning would be better
Since Mega would be around
That's tomorrow?
Bit short notice
Already have plans
Just PM me with yr availabilities
Gonna hit the sack
o/
Hey, I think I have the same shirt, Mega.
Yeah, still not feeling so great.
Felt better yesterday, reverted today.
Political dinner gives more tie-in, though
I've been handling the mental exercise of focal tinkers sort of in the same vein as a practitioner/implement analogy
Colin feels more like a quality hyperspecialist
Maybe the real technology was the friends we made along the way
I like Slipstream.
I like Slipstream.
I like Slipstream.
Browser client is giving me some grief, pardon me.
I'd fuck Slipstream.
Whew, crazy dizzy
Am not getting as much work done as I'd like
Snekman
Snexcom
Finally feeling better.
Snake breaker, or sneaker
This is the kidney blackmail trigger?
I could take Danny in a fight.
He's just a rat man with anger issues.
That's why I would be able to take him.
Nice! I'm excited to tune in.
_seen AceofSpade
I am excited to see Dolyn's session.
I'm still pretty sick, Mish
Not so much melting, but am having some difficulty breathing & some severe muscle fatigue.
Ran out of medicine, not in the best shape to make the drive out to the pharmacy.
That was a fucking excellent jape
Not sure what the medical issue is, could be strep?
Yeah, plan on going in tomorrow - intended on going today, but severe bout of dizziness around the afternoon made me reconsider driving
Was a "I don't feel confident enough to drive" issue
Wow, really nice.
The bonuses bit at the end is a neat idea.
With the doc in mind, Tremor's trigger event is not far off. Shame he's in jail forever now.
:0
G'mornin'z
*.
oh no what happen to buck
Aww dang. Good luck buck
Good luck to the two of you as well
Well enough to go to school
Might be strep? Gonna swing by the doc after class
Could be meningitis for all I know, with this goddamn muscle fatigue
I didn't have the strength to lift a fucking cat off my chest yesterday
Tbf the cat was a fat fucker
Macy.
They could use the sick leave
He has /rolls/ of fat
Grad school, mebbe
were it a week prior I woulda coughed on the tests I was passing out
if everyone in my class is sick I don't have to teach!
This is ethical and sound
I've always wanted to do that
Using myself as a vector of bioterrorism, just sneeze like a motherfucker in a crowded international airport on christmas day
Probably a movie about that. Feels unoriginal
 <Antioch> I've always wanted to do that <Antioch> Using myself as a vector of bioterrorism, just sneeze like a motherfucker in a crowded international airport on christmas day
I think the quote got split
Oh, Saff - one of my online friends went to a convention in Cleveland this prior weekend
It's held almost exactly where I have the PRT HQ on the map, heh
I've been looking for a half-assed reason to go to Cleveland that isn't "I just want to drive around a city I've never been and somehow know better than my own town" and this seems to fit the ticket
We could go to fucking Zoup! in real life
>tfw when Zoup has no basement IRL
>tfw when tfw when redundancies
>tfw my credibility as a GM is ruined
I didn't do my research so much that I didn't know that Zoup was a franchise.
I'm not sure what that statement connotes
More like I'm not sure what's being compared between Cleveland/Detroit, much less why it would merit a poker face
That's fair. I went to Detroit once, it wasn't fun
I barely remember what I did there
Though I did spend a lot of time cooped up in a hotel room bitching about them charging for internet
So, yeah, roughly equitable to what you said
Oh, the Detroit airport is pretty slick.
I passed through it on a separate occasion - the little shuttle car that travels between terminals is nice.
I enjoyed my time in the Detroit Airport because I didn't have to enter Detroit proper - but I am fond of most airports.
They're transient places, and I'm also very fond of people-watching. Double win.
Space fishing mini-game
Hmm... back when I did a lot of flying, I had a good list of airports ranked by food quality
Narita Airport Terminal 1 is definitely at the top of the list, internationally
But I'm less certain about American airports
Might have been Sea-Tac.
We were talking about Detroit, then the Detroit airport, then airports
Might have been colored by my craving for Pacific Northwest fish. Had a really nice bagel there, IIRC
Will be going back in the summer, so I can reconfirm
I thought the most metal way to die ever was atop a metal platform, slowly sinking into an active volcano, while you perform the song / etc of your choice
!quote <Saff> no one wants your tainted peen, Bel.
!addquote <Saff> no one wants your tainted peen, Bel.
!search Fossa
!search thief
!search tanuki
o7
Howdy, Bowpig.
!roll 1d20
_roll 1d20
hey Baker, I think he is referring to samples from RPs that you have participated in
I love Ghetto G-sus. He's awesome.
Broadcast is my second favorite.
Shakesphere has a cool name.
I always read him as G-sus, as in suspended G chord
I hope he has messiah-esque garb.
I don't know that I can kill other PCs in Sicol. It would be bad for my public image.
Uh, that's Saff, not me
WD has spawned some weird memes.
What memes have there been thus far...?
Yamana is a cultural icon, a cornerstone of this chat room. He is more than a meme.
I'm talking, like, plump rat and BikeVendor.
Yamana is my role model.
Like I said, Yamana is my fucking role model.
I actually stole some of Yamana's lines for a monologue for an audition once.
Oakland NPC.
There's a snippet of Yamada replaced with Yamana somewhere...
I didn't do romance/relationship stuff in RPs that much until recently, but it's a good narrative vehicle, and it's good to branch out
"Romance", I say, after tantamount cybering Saff
Yeah, that's where the entertainment lay
Nighto.
Plump rat saves the day again
Ping me when Saff/Spelt are avail.
'scool, I am not in a rush.
Amongst other criteria, but you've got the right of it.
How on earth did you find this gem, Wilbur.
Trigger is, hm, alright - typo of makeshift.
I like OB's suggestion.
Less physical harm, more -oh, there goes our ticket out-.
And with it, all of the resources they sunk to try to catch that flight.
Oh, wow.
I made some headway through my WFG queue while I was convalescing
Two separate submissions.
Shemetz submitted a trigger for our approval, OB is looking for ways to make a power GM-friendly for a play-by-post campaign he's in.
1d100
Dashy's good for _tell and _seen
Cashy's my favorite, on account of being able to facilitate in-channel rolls
Hey Dol
Hiya Saff
soulpelt| - how much time you got?
Up for a session, Saff?
Yeah, I did. They don't have any idea what it is/was, but I'm more or less better now.
The mutation flaw really helped make this character, I think.
Without it, she'd still have the civilian identity, and likely be more stable.
ruined
Yes.
Sorry for delay in scheduling, fell ill over the weekend.
Hoping to get Non this week too.
A little bit, but not much.
Death & Famine
Killed by IW
You'll never know
Cut her loose!
First trigger could be modified for audition for prestigious musical arts boarding school
Waiting on that Apocrypha unlock, huh?
Poor Killhand.
This is what you get for expressing your intent to murder a homeless man in cold blood on live stream.
Afternoon, Tell.
Is that romance as stated by the Princess Bride priest, or a portmanteau of Woman and Romance?
:^~)
Can end with you, will cont. w/ saff
Not sure yet.
I suppose so.
Tbh, it's the suits who have the monopoly there, I imagine
[bird] [monarch]
Ibis Imperator
Penguin Prince
Non's, I thought
If they roll the right flaw, Ashton
!search like a bitch
Quack.
All birds are suspicious
Haven't you been following Lausanne?
Hope I got the syntax right.
What are the percentages?
0.7 Changer 0.3 Striker?
Or 8-2 split?
Tinker/Trump/Stranger underrepresented, Master overrepreesented
Keep in mind, if authoring new triggers (barring Trump, which is proportionally alright)
If you get far enough along the Cleveland logs, you'll see.
Hey, Elstep.
That's... mmm, a Chrono Trigger reference?
Fight vs. Magus in 600?
I enjoyed that came.
*game
I haven't.
Here's one that isn't bad.
Maybe not too fitting for your current scenario, however.
It was a trick, he just made you waste all your summoner spells
succ
Good old hoagie
Millihand just has very tiny hands
What was the idea, Pan?
Oh
God DAMMIT!
Also, part 1 of a session is 55kb. Geez.
I should do a word count of Clevesessions and watch them grow in density
Not bad
List of things to do w/ regards to WD grows longer
Making more NPCs, et cetera.
It helps having PCs that I'm familiar with / can predict.
More relevant for my IRL campaign - Herger, my roommate, I know well enough to run an accurate mental model of w/ respect to any given character of his.
Hmm, not quite. One predictable PC can be manipulated into putting the party into fun situations.
If they're all predictable, though, then yeah.
As a GM, I don't enjoy being stumped
There, done.
With formatting and wordcount.
Might play around with the spreadsheet to see which PC has the most corresponding content.
My money's on Firlz, though that's more in part to his verbosity.
4 more sessions before I hit session 100.
0.47% of that is smut
:(
I'll be avail
Yeah, I am
Hasselback potatoes, pork schnitzel, maybe some broccoli or squash things?
Gives me an excuse to finally buy a frickin' meat tenderizer
_seen onitan
That was... hm, 7.5 hours ago?
Oh, 'sup
You're up in Laus after the Big Pig finishes groceries
Got that soundtrack on hand?
Written a spiteful haiku about Nordmann?
First one is a bit of a stretch - musical autodidactism is damned rare
I didn't.
Looks like it's time to settle down in an abandoned grocery store and eat some rats, Windy.
Tried and true.
Like manna from heaven.
Squeaky manna.
I'm thinking Ace of Base's "It's A Beautiful Life".
A rat, you say?
From shit to dang. 100 to 0.
That's a lot of ducks. Where will you get them all?
I am not an undercover member of the duck police.
Answer to what?
Oh, didn't see it
Yeah, I'm actually working on one of those rn, Tubs
Sorry, Vern
I'm doing this from my phone so my responses are a little slow
I'm pretty easy to get a hold of and Saff doesn't have class tomorrow IIRC
!roll 1d6 Guts
!roll 1d6 Wits
!botsnack
Night Vern
Is that including modifiers, Shem?
Matraque has a cool power.
Moving things along when too many questions are asked should be a policy I adopt
You cannot die while Nordmann lives.
Strengthen your resolve.
Ahh, Matraque means baton or truncheon, AFAIK? Nice name.
Ahh, figured out what felt different in your RP, oni
Lot of if/then conditionals
Lex, baby, you done fucked up
My phone client does that sometimes, though
You click on someone's name and it starts a message w/ the person you clicked
Not terribly.
Could have been far worse.
I got my rat.
You gotta aim low.
Oh, I turn away to put together a Reddit post for Cleveland and I miss this.
Ohh, Factotum / King of Clubs was the same guy?
Missed that at first - was only skimming (working on lab reports).
All of the suits have dual names, just me being forgetful
I like how his name is sort of at odds with his position.
Nah, I got that same vibe from spectating
I was keeping my fingers crossed for something neat or creative, but the fight w/ Matraque, etc. felt really 'go with the flow'
Can't say I know what I'd've done in Windy's situation, given lack of knowledge about her skillset, but it didn't really feel like she was playing to her strengths
Also mentioned the if/then thing
Yeah, I think it did
Half expected her to fall unconscious due to blood loss, flying away at the end, and plummet to her death
Didn't really touch on the fact that you were explicitly disowned by your mother
Which I felt would have colored some of yr actions, for example
Yeah, you go into a session with goals, not a storyboard.
If the session is good, diff. ways to achieve goals / goals change on the fly.
There's not really a "supposed" to do thing, I feel, short of "play like you're the goddamn protagonist"
Bow's actual protagonists don't have plot armor :p
You should, the latest arc has been really engaging to read.
Like, I'm sad there's no Thursday update because the situation is a real nail-biter.
In the sense of being spoiled for choice?
A rare victory for scheduling on this day.
Hmm... I wonder if King of Clubs listens to Largo al Factotum.
I wonder if he and Figaro could have been friends, in another life?
This is the main lobby for games, but certain campaigns happen in their specific channels.
#WDCleveland or #WD_Lausanne, for example.
No games are currently ongoing, but when they are, you'll usually see someone with the |GM tag next to their name.
We had Lausanne and Berlin earlier today, for example.
As far as joining a campaign, my advice is to stick around in chat and just keep an ear to the ground.
People will let everyone know that they're looking for players or applicants from time to time.
Logs are a good way to get a feel for it, too.
I can point you towards Lausanne, Grantsville, and other campaign logs, if you want.
Ah! Those documents you'd find in the readme.
@ soulpelt| - Don't need you for Cleveland yet, will let you know when I do.
Also, the two names for The Suits makes sense - Matraque is the 10 of Wands, for example, IIRC.
I think it was touched upon in the prior Lausanne campaign - we had Matador and Prete and Sigrdrifa, who were also the X of Swords / Wands / Clubs / etc.
Hmm... I believe I have Bel scheduled for Saturday, Thalia.
And I'm looking to run Non sometime as well.
The drones don't have that much of a range.
South Euclid is about 10 minutes away from the radius of Lock's control zone.
Here, I'll draw one up for you really quick.
I generally don't present my players with intentionally trapped options, but I do take their choices to their logical conclusion.
No problem. It's not 100% accurate - I had a fuck of a time trying to draw the circles on my trackpad.
Will I be getting something similar, Tell?
OK, sure. Given my background, I'll be focusing pretty heavily into bookkeeping.
Tell that to Khepri, Bel.
I recommend you marry Oz, Bel.
Tea?
Mendez would crush your trembling, milquetoast ass.
If there's a national meeting of Directors, she would bully you in specific, and possibly pour scalding coffee down your front.
That's not a bad idea to add an interesting facet to a character, actually.
Unflavored protein shake, gatorate, lava, horse urine, artisanal water, mead, et cetera.
Player One, or Duck Queen, or Corsair?
Life is like a hurricane, here in Duckburg.
Corsair responsible for murder of out-of-town villain 'Nailgun' near the northwest docks, vigilante in a tacky pirate-themed outfit that he seems to have put together himself. Performance does not seem to falter in the face of the eyepatch-induced loss of depth perception.
Heh.
!addquote Four out of Five Khandhases agree. Death is no big deal. - Firlz
If by 'you people' you mean Longinus, then that's true.
I'd recommend "Please don't kill me, ma'am, I have a wife and kids," despite the falsehood at the end
Well, you could, though it'd be more difficult to do on accident.
Cashews are so goddamned expensive, though...
Rainbow I-doll?
Put this bit up yesterday.
Morning, Wilbur!
Mmm... boar soup
For now, I'm just treating +1s as bonus die, Tubbs
Wondering if crit successes were 2d6 yields 6, 6, for example, could be a thing
*where
That's the Pokemon 'Muk', spelled backwards
Nothing is a coincidence
Mover, Shaker
Thinking... landslide surfing.
Avalanche riders - fast, surging motion, heavy momentum, bash damage, leaving disrupted terrain in wake
Could probably tone it down - stomp on the ground, pillar launches you into the air. Can stomp at oblique angles, launching fwd/backward, or use angled pillar (or pillar extruded from wall) to attack
Works decently well in Valhalla - I can see areas where this power could have room to grow
Yeah, eventually, power develops - surrounding area becomes swampy, difficult terrain - people engaging cape get bogged down, stuck, while he's more moible
Go ahead, CG|Phone 
Nice!
+1 - +3 to any 3 rolls of your choice, refreshed after a victory
Seems... strong, but fun
Also, very fitting for Valhalla, no?
I'd say getting the "Driven" bonus refreshed on any successful milestone complete is a good rule of thumb.
You can, if it's one one of your milestone goals. :P
Yeah, it's possible
Nah, I've seen someone roll 68 cumulatively, IIRC
But thou must!
Build your own Chain Chomp
Did you have a session lined up for today, Spade?
Dear Deity of Choice, Hit this dude I don't like. Much love, Soul Pelt.
Dear Deity of Vern, Write a prayer for me instead. Much love, Salt Pelt.
Hey, Megafire.
I'm making pork schnitzel tonight for my Thursday food night.
Got any suggestions as to how I should prepare / season it?
Lemon wedge?
That's what I had in mind, actually.
The lemon, that is, not the applesauce.
Have a separate recipe for country porkchop with bacon grits and cinnamon applesauce.
Porpple.
Oh, that sounds amazing.
Acleeve
Wow, I woke up really late today...
Usually the cats wake me around 10~ but I fed them late so they didn't today.
No, Friday is a free day, just feels bad that I wasted 4-odd hours
Want to do a WD thing today, but not sure what.
I can't help you, Bel, I'm the other cape team leader. 
Probably, although my fake superhero team has better PR.
Think I can borrow you for the evening, Bel?
Alright. When are you free tomorrow?
No idea. Something that isn't too thought-intensive.
Just PM me when you're available.
I will be free most of tomorrow, though my response time may be close to 10 minutes rather than the usual during 4 PM - 9 PM.
I have some stuff planned for you, incidentally.
Yeah.
Could you PM me a rough itinerary, Dol?
Hey SOMA.
I know your session is going to be predominantly reactive this arc, but if you could run me through your general gameplan, I can better plan for where everything is going.
They get up to around 3 or so meters, right?
Cobra Commander!
The Wriggler
Hissy Fit
The Viceroy Viper
Konstriktor
Snek
I actually like Hissy Fit a lot
My goodness.
You are all such successful people
I'm interested to see how it pans out.
Let's see.
Who do I need to get the ball rolling?
Bel, Nonagon, Saff, in that order, for the time being.
Will be running you sometime next week, more than likely
Go eat a hash brown.
Like several chittering smaller mouths
Quick question for anyone who might know - when did the Wards program start up?
Was it around 1993, same time as the Protectorate?
Doesn't give a date, unfortunately.
Yeah, there aren't very many kid-specific triggers last I recall.
Ha!
Good timing, Fir.
Just in terms of the out-of-context statement.
Of all the reputations for my campaign to get...
Saff has tainted Cleveland forever.
:D (?)
As long as I'm still a beloved GM of the community, I guess it's OK.
Would say "as long as I have more people wanting to play than slots available", but that's kind of a low bar.
As long as all my player slots are filled with people I actually like / enjoy running, then. :P
That means we can keep beating him up, yeah?
Sick.
Doesn't ping me.
You've been japed by the Big Pig yet again
Truly the finest rusemaster in all of the server
You have been definitively clowned upon
Change your cape name to Hissy Fit
I shan't
Tactics would be interesting, I think.
I have 4 pips in Admin, Fri
Morning, amigos.
Hey, it's Saturday. I get to sleep in.
Gotta prep for convention next week.
Going to run by Saff's and trim her wigs.
If I can find my damn clippers.
Gotta pull off that Simurgh cosplay /just right/.
@ historymaking - Kamicon, smallish one in Birmingham, AL.
it's slated to be sometime this weekend, I believe, but I'm not certain.
No worries, my droff
In the midst of helping Saff with cosplay stuff
Will be avail in 1.5 hr?
Can knock some stuff out now with slower responses. What's your schedule this evening, Bel?
Wig 1 is done
Will be with you asap, Bel - 30 mins
Wig 2 halfway done. Gotta trim the pigtails.
I'm ready.
Ready, Bel?
I'll note where they're getting set up on the map, one sec.
Boat, singular, IIRC.
Might have been two?
Lilith / hospital crap is happening later, sorry for chronology confusion
Might do a cliffs note timeline sometime to keep things straight
It's in the afternoon of today, you are mid-morning presently
Sorry about that :(
There's plenty of other things for her to be upset about, so fair enough
Killhand livestreamed threat to kill a man, Blackjack/DMH collusion, etc etc
Come on let's go and flay
_seen Somecrazyguy
Huh, where did Scrags go
Is that on Killhand's dating site profile?
There's a bar called The Duck Island Club.
Also, yeah, Mendez has two boats.
swipe left if u want to get maimed
Give 'em the old razzle-dazzle.
(Razzle-dazzle 'em)
Bamboozle'em
Well, Dags isn't specifically
Tagg? Scrags? Burr?
Dags is unaware of DQ at the moment.
I swear, I don't need to do jack or shit when I'm GMing Bel, and it's unsettling
Booze is the oldest church there is, Wink.
i haven't played laser tag in a while
would love to
Hm, that's inconvenient
Well, if he doesn't show up tonight we'll try to get this out of the way tomorrow
Later, Bel, have fun
What're those rolls for? Judging by the results, Rainbow Idol?
:P
Gotta wait on Bel.
I have a few that I probably won't be using in Cleveland.
You can have 'em.
Oh, that was pretty quick, Cact
Glad you liked it
Intent on killstealing Thalia to demoralize her
After her spirit is crushed, she will finally fall under my thrall
That's a real shame
I have a nice, tight leather number with your name on it
More like Milfire amirite
Just did it
Malfire can't resist Cody's immaculate pecs
But can she see why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
That must be why he missed.
Maybe he's waiting for the bullet to travel around the earth and hit her from behind?
That would be a clever tactic indeed.
Nudity is a powerful WD weapon, so it seems.
I'm a little confused about the turn order, so just let me know when I'm up
Bel and soulpelt|, we can resume
My ex would tear through one of those Smartfood white cheddar popcorn bags per day. We have them down in Alabama too.
Fuck up your character. Fuck them so hard. Intentionally take double flaws.
It'll be more fun.
It was a phase.
It's not, it's Sunday.
He showed up early.
Wild back, welcomebow
Whew, gonna step out for a bike and shake off the sleepies.
The cats are tempting me to stay in and nap, but I must be strong
That's the problem with cats. they don't incentivize exercise, whereas you gotta walk the dogs on the reg.
?
Sing it to Ridtom
It's for him
OK, back in a few.
Hope I can get a new laptop soon, so I can start back on digital art and work on combat maps for campaign
Ahh, just want to have a stack of cash to waste at the upcoming convention.
Will be spending w intent to get new laptop in mind, which should curb overspending.
Also pondering what specs I want.
Haven't touched any game except for BoI for months, so doesn't need to be too powerful - threshold would be an image editing program of reasonable heft
I'm not really a computer guy, so I've been doing a lot of research with respect to graphics/processor requirements
Wouldn't hurt to be able to get one able to run my lab simulations. Maybe I can write it off as a research expense
Evening, Tell.
Got a gift for you, Teller.
Let me know if you need any extra details, Tell.
Added some things I have in mind w/ regard to the headquarters under the perks/flaw table.
I think we're all giving Teller some character sheets and other tidbits for his upcoming campaign.
Worm 2 is going to be a lot different than anything we're running, anyhow, I'd bet.
I'd rather see them being short stories as like, appendix supplements of a Weaver Dice rulebook.
^
Hi, Alurk.
So, #weaverdice is a channel dedicated to Worm RP using the Weaver Dice system.
Here's a Readme to tide you over.
Let me know if you have any questions.
There are good stories to be told about RPs, but they don't follow the same rules that a good narrative would.
Yeah. Was gonna do one this week, but got sick and fell behind on work / Cleveland stuff.
Hi Wendo
Gwendylyn
Gwyndylyn
My, how Welsh!
Yeah, was a disappointing session after the phone call w/ Nordmann
Nah. I didn't really get the sense that you were playing a character so much as you were performing various disjoint actions
On the upside, Lex and Dol have been good to watch, the latter specifically in terms of creativity
Not a complaint about Windy, but about onitan
Didn't feel like there was a 'Windy', so to speak
Moon Snail
Doubt Enfant would want to work with you after you hung her out to dry
A P O C R Y P H A B O Y Z
I cannot swim.
It's OK, Thal.
I'll prey upon you whilst you are broken-hearted.
Well that's too bad! You'll have to ask Bel for pastries instead!
Hmph! :|
Big&crunchy
Is... is that all I am to you?
It's OK. Everyone tugs their meat once in a while
I should make Thalia's weird food IRL
Hollowed baked apples lined with cheese, filled with a rich onion gravy, with some crusty bread and thin-sliced apples for dipping
That's NO GOOD!
That was a Wilbur thing, I'm p sure
Oh, the smartfoods one?
Wasn't me, but one of my exes was straight-up enamored with it
it's about ethics in meme journalism
Didn't know you had a job, tuberculosis
That's why Mendez drinks so much coffee.
Can't get caught off guard.
Wags
There's this kid in my class whose handwriting is illegible and I can never remember his first name, so I've been logging his grades under the name "Jafar Boulevard"
I wonder if he's noticed yet?
Not yet.
This evening? Hmm, possibly.
May be in a meeting, but I'll let you know.
If anything, that just means slower responses, not unavailability
b0d
I'm nothing if not a master emoji craftsman.
Morning to you, Wildboar.
Yeah. I assume you mean the chapter you stopped off at?
I think start at the top of Arc 4, Spelt, gives you a little bit with which to refresh yourself
That's not much. I think I'd still kill her.
No way! I care about the short term.
I don't know that I'm in the right headspace to play Caesura. She's a character that feels rather adrift, at present, and I don't know what I'd be doing with her.
She's one of my earlier characters, and lacks a particular depth that I've come to recognize in my own PCs and others.
Yeah. Given the opportunity, I might want to rebuild her from scratch.
Bel, Nong
Quackfix
same guy
Whew! Done with grading.
I need to get my shit in order, make another priority to-do list.
Feel like I've lost momentum/efficiency following the bout of sickness
Not too bad to make it from scratch - have a recipe I could share - but necessitates a fryer
I'm super into them- refuse to buy a fryer due to health concerns
I'd be eating fried things 24/7
Turn my body into a tunnel of grease
I want to curate my recipe compilation at some point but it's so much work.
I will be an immaculate cybernetic being
And I'll be keeping my damn recipes
One of the GMs in this channel is merely a collective of lizards in a trenchcoat.
Be wary.
There's no Knowledge(Parahumans)
There was some discussion about having said skill, but felt awkward to implement.
W/ respect to information like triggers, second triggers, second generation capes, et cetera?
Yeah, feels awkward to implement.
Would just restric knowledge to those who'd have the right to have it (e.g. parahuman science majors / PRT r&d people)
Or cape shrinks, the like
Give me, mm, 15 minutes to get set up 
OK, Bel, let's resume.
Not over the phone, unfortunately
Yeah, skills seem more like a 'competency' thing rather than a 'scope/magnitude' thing
I like the new change
His work practice consists of being at the right place, or asking the right questions.
Scumbag - forever
Today feels like a quiet dat.
*day
Sbreak is next week for me.
I don't even remember what a midterm is like.
Well, I grade 'em, but I don't have to study for em
Dynamic Machine Components
Dame Until Proven Otherwise
He gave him a lovely gift!
pfftt
Yeah, it was
The Loch Ness Monster is a Stranger, it's OK
Best of luck. I'll be here on Tuesday
And all the other days
What's the difference between Equipment & Gear on the character sheet?
Thanks.
Ahh, that makes sense.
Bel|AFK, I've shared a Google Doc with you
A high-quality trap
Its name is Merlot. Was a heated argument - almost was named Murloc
He makes the sounds when drinking water, it would have been apt
Ye
Mostly got held up to me being sick
Got a backlog of other shit to get out of the way first, due to aforementioned sickness
This week is busy - staffing a convention
Hoping to get things done by 3/17, as I'll have spring break to catch up
Kamicon. Smallish con in Bham Alabama
Except for football games
Remnants of my Trap Lifestyle
s-shit
the jig is up
the resemblance is uncanny
It would work, with China's time zones
Yeah.
I love the game of chicken they're playing with the primordial
You get what you pay for
Exactly.
Nope. It's a quiet day today.
I'm writing some stuff in preparation, but nothing's going on RP-wise.
Wait, there's something going on in #Other - Teruzi is GMing a Zee Story.
He was apparently not
You've been beaten to the punch! Or the chomp, as it were.
Saff, want to run a session around 4
What about a gentle useless fuckhead? I can't see how that'd jive
Of Mice and Men, Words?
Yeah, changing clothes atm
Be there soon
Also, I'm going to eat Lenny's rat-dog
Will he trigger?
rat farms are for the long term, and I only care for the short term
saff - here
Might could run you as well, Thal, once your Zee stuff wraps up.
hi
I am a ghost now
Bel/Dol -you guys up for continuing?
Rats
errands
what color gatorade is best
dark blue or light blue
back
You ducked up
Here. Read up
It's good for your soul
Today has been mad stressful
I'm calling it early
Later, guys
There are the logs.
I feel so sluggish today, urgh
Had a /particularly/ stressful day, found some of my old anti-anxiety medication from about 8 months ago - just now remembering that side effects are severe drowsiness / muscle fatigue.
Yeah, that was about, mm, 12 hrs ago, maybe a bit more
Yeah, it's a year expiry, no worries on that front.
Vistaril (hydroxyzine pamoate)
Since I woke up, basically. About 3 hours ago.
Mmm, nah, that's about the usual
Annoying, that I'm thinking slowly to the point where I can't get anything I want to done today.
Oh, never mind, it's almost one. Four hours, then
Just finished making lunch, felt like a gargantuan task. Draining, even
Bloody hell, wait, I forgot to make omelettes.
All the ingredients are out, just need to stand up, mix eggs, etc. Less a mental thing and more a "god damn, my muscles are tired" thing
Best to find one used in an actual campaign, that being said
Starting pack idea sounds good
What do you mean by 'capes pack'?
Grading; fatigued
Whew, OK.
A few hours respite.
Tell me, does 'respite' rhyme with 'despite' or 'cesspit'?
I've heard it both ways
I've never said it aloud before.
Probably with a 'j' sound.
Mmm, probably sometime later this upcoming week.
Really busy this weekend / today.
With the upcoming spring break, I'll be trying to get around four or so sessions done.
If not more. I fell behind, with regard to pacing, when I got sick, and now I've got this convention to handle before I can get started.
Non is well overdue his session.
Chronologically, Non and Thal are next on the list, and then it's fair game
I'll probably be too busy to watch, but I eagerly await the logs.
AQ was a great Alexandria package
So, a D&D game where everyone is restricted to Mage Hand and Message? :P
Ha!
I'd say the two most important facets of creating a great character are the trigger event and life flaws at first thought, but that's not quite right - those two are just the most useful / rich tools for creating a diverse personality / history.
Yeah, by and large, flaws inform more of the character's traits than perks do.
For example, 'attractive' and 'headquarters' doesn't really give my character an initial starting point other than 'hot and loaded', which admittedly is a pretty solid springboard, but it's not something that gives the character depth - doesn't have the same capacity to change and evolve the character throughout their own arcs.
Every player I've really loved has played to their flaws well.
And every narrative I've really loved has a character flaw informing the narrative
Oh? How do you mean, Pink?
Redcap has been made by Apocrypha, and is in the process of being broken by it
The Apocrypha and Friends should be getting a slight nerf in terms of impact with the new skills rework.
Ohh, I see what you mean.
I was looking at it from a character perspective, not a GM perspective
Tell, you gotta use this knowledge to throw women who are trying to seduce me out of my money my way in Sicol Bend
Let Dolyn into the campaign, is what I'm saying
;)
Yeah. That's why I said slight nerf
More in line with what Pink was saying, I could definitely see myself running into trouble getting established where the Brotherhood or Wolves vandalize my HQ as a means of expressing control
I think the lines kind of blur
Here you go
Some previously noted issues with current perks/flaws, feel free to add your thoughts.
I rolled it myself a little bit ago, for Tell's new campaign.
Night.
Temperance cybernetics and regeneration Tinker
Combination of Templar and Adonis
Cybernetic parts that feed exotic concoctions into the bloodstream, draws upon the lifeforce of self and others to fuel Tinkertech
Wish I had my laptop so I could draw up a table, this one's easy
Ha, I have a template
Working on phone, might be a bit
Oh
Wow, I suddenly lost all motivation
Fuck it, I'll keep it for an NPC
There, that was entertaining.
Your thoughts on the Tinker table?
Fits the Black Knight and injections aspect of the trigger, with respect to a Tinker classification
Remind me to work on some Tinker Tables later on in Spring Break.
Have a concept for a Ranger tinker that I need to hash out.
Mmmkay, back to work.
Whew, finally some time to rest my legs.
Hey, chorizo.
I'm going to a churrascaria tonight, going to chow down on some bife de chorizo (amongst other things).
Working up an appetite so I can eat 5 lbs of steak.
Nah, I had a little bit of lunch, but only a chicken tender and a few fries.
A single tendy.
Nah. I'm confident enough in my eating abilities to do well enough without it.
Looks good, Non.
Good points of focus with respect to mechanics/gameplay and design.
Lemme know when you get to the Tinker bits
Mmm... there are different kinds of straightforward.
There can be one vector, multiple means of implementing an effect, or there can be Maslow's hammer.
That's more dependent on the player than the mechanics, though.
There are some people I could trust to pull off a blunt, chunky, straightforward power with finesse and flair and clever tactics.
Others I could give the same power and they'd approach every problem the same way.
Pink and Dol I see in the first category, with Teller in there but not quite as highly ranked
There are people who'd take super strength and just punch motherfuckers without much variance in their modus operandi - they don't change strategies against different opponents, and they'd complain when an enemy seems to hard-counter them
Hoo boy, that gets me steamed
Yeah. It needed an overhaul, and I cooked it up without laying a solid enough initial groundwork.
I didn't run much after you stopped playing.
non's got sundays busy innit
R E V O L U T I  O N
That's a shame.
What platform?
Morning folks.
Not as far as I know. Been sick/busy.
!
Lausanne today, I almost forgot.
Oh, oni's session is getting redacted?
Yeah, that feels like the right call.
Oh! Is he taking to Nordmann and Factotum :0
You should say hi to your party leader!
And the dashing blonde man he is speaking to
Yes and no
Main difficulty is devising formulae to get desired effect
I've never bothered with components beyond material cost and truly esoteric stuff (cut/powdered gemstones, human tissue/blood, radioactive components, etc)
Radio Free Ziz
A brief cameo!
Reimann's here for the rat hors d'oeuvres.
Look, man. I'll eat any kind of rat. Scrawny rats, diseased rats. You can't afford to be choosy in my line of business.
Put a blanket over your head and the monitor.
Hikkikomori life.
The crack den or mansion game was awesome
Players spend time deliberating more often
Damn the Ziz, distracting everyone from the real plot thread.
She is the one who derails storylines, after all.
WB just moves forward if nobody responds in 10 mins.
I'll sacrifice session speed for higher quality writing.
It's not a huge issue for me.
"WALTER COME BACK AUGH"
"They're minerals, dammit!"
Local villains
Saved again by your beautiful wife
Hm, were keys discussed as implements in Pact? Don't recall.
Whew. Slight breather, going to stop by at a nice Japanese restaurant.
Just caught up with the session. Looking forward to seeing the capes in action.
It was fantastic. Meat quality I'd give a solid 8.5/10. Texture and cut was excellent - could have been better seasoned, but pretty good nonetheless.
Review of the steak I had yesterday.
Formatting looks good, but the autogenerated outline looks a little funky.
It's cool in some instances, but not this particular one.
Hey, Nonagon. I'm here.
Tinker design methodology.
They're fundamentally different, forethought being more prevalent with builds predetermined before getting into a fight.
Yeah. Can show you some of mine and Bow's tables. Mix and match is a big part of the options afforded to Tinkers- effective configurations verging on the triple digits even at the outset of research - but the available effects also wanting to follow the design premises you've outlined in the doc.
From what I know, he's just got gigs of various images as resources.
Like, Templar's got two things about his power that really affect how he operates, at least in my eyes. His equipment rewards melee combat, successful hits charging up some effect or another, and he derives inspiration from scanning / observing parahumans (generally in the context of the fight).
And it makes sense that the shard wants to present a cape with options, such that it could be leveraged creatively/optimally - but then again, there are the tried-and-true Sting equivalents who are sort of a conflict benchmark, though that's a clunky turn of phrase.
But the latter doesn't necessarily promote creative/interesting play.
I'd be okay with saddling a PC with said weakpoint, to see how they creatively compensate for it.
Imagine Burn Notice as a PC - a powerful pyrokinetic who needs a source flame. How do you play his strengths/cover his weaknesses?
Go further - have your underlings carry incendiaries. Fight in a candlelit restaurant. Et cetera.
I think having weaknesses can inspire a player to think more creatively.
A good test of a player is how they handle being pitted against a 'hard counter'.
OK, yeah. Tactics vs strategy. I get it.
The whole "treat your PCs as they were protagonists" thing.
Hmm. That thing sounds appealing to me, apoc. Different strokes, mebbe.
I see what you mean, apoc.
What about researching ways to take down the counter wherein your weaknesses don't come into play?
In DnD, I think it boils down to minmaxing and having more raw utility or damage output that your enemies.
But I'm somewhat biased.
I liked DnD as a vehicle for telling a tale, but the fights were kinda atrocious.
Hmm, not really the scenario I have in mind.
Moreso with respect to preparation, foreknowledge, being aware of things that would potentially trip you up.
There's no true 'hard' counter - I'm using that term in a way that differs from how you're perceiving it, I think.
Yeah. Those are good examples.
Snow White
Mega's Portland cape
it's nice for making ice cream floats.
Funnily enough, Non, your doc is giving me inspiration for NPCs.
Oops.
I'm pretty excited to get back into the swing of things.
Over the course of my illness and my weekend I've had a lot of time to stew on how Cleveland's gonna play out from here.
Sorry. I made an oath to never let SOMA within 20 miles of a nuke again.
Really psyched for all the fresh faces to roll into town.
CoGo's got the right of it.
If you end up biting it, Thal, you can hop right back into the queue with a good modifier. It's been a genuine pleasure GMing you, and I'm reluctant to give that up.
I'd nix legacying an NPC.
10:26 AM <[ATM]> Cauldron is working on a scheme to abolish free speech by subverting the country's water supply with sodium pentathol.
Yeah, try em out in #gamedesign
I cobbled it together a while ago and it's good for a giggle
Thaliavast!
Sorry, pirate greeting, not calling you vast or large or any permutation thereof.
Have you heard my new band, "Angry Gangster Midget"?
Best of luck, Mega. Let me know if you need any advice or assistance.
What are you working on, studies-wise?
Ooh, neat.
Hey hey, Tell.
What's your Sicol cape, OB?
Whirlybird
Have some precog powers in the pocket that I wouldn't mind GMing
Beho was a pain, necessitated me writing more that I felt like
Not really, OB.
Are you down to cuttle, Ace?
Let nothing impede you from a Wilbur game
I've played Lausanne at an engineering conference and whilst collecting algae samples.
Nuffin gon' stop me
Engineering conference was Reimann goes to the Tower and the algae sampling was Reimann fights at the Lodge
The latter suffered somewhat - I had forgotten Reimann was trying to present himself as a bloodthirsty, violent fellow, and was slow to throw him into the thick of the fight. 
Which players are you waiting on?
Eat now!
While he errands
Kill the first cape you see to join Z
Oh, yeah, I made that tinker.
So... are they your friends or not?
That was pretty contradictory.
Look, I'll punt Malfire into the Lake St. Clair if it gets me a ticket to bonetown with Katie.
<3
Hey, Nonagon - would Wednesday be a good day for your upcoming Cleveland session?
Honestly, any day Wed - Sat would be fine, so whichever's the most convenient for you.
Same question applies to Thalia.
Oh, you're right.
Well, I'm really free this upcoming week from Wednesday onward, so just ping me when it's a good time for you.
o7
Trigger looks good. I'd vet it.
I can see an experienced player rolling with it, trying to explore how to properly express themselves - starting fresh with a cape persona
But on the flip side I'd be concerned with a player continuing to be as bland as the trigger suggests
goot noot
Morning, all.
I'm not really feeling the trigger as a whole, but it might be due to the wordiness.
"You get caught in a cave-in and your buddy manages to pull you out, but the two of you are still trapped down there. Trigger."
When you reduce it down to its constituent parts, feels really bland.
And the blandness was already there, lurking behind the unnecessary prose
Yo, Saff
There's nothing particularly evocative in the trigger, no elements I would be especially focused on touching upon for making a power from it.
Ah, didn't see em. Let me look.
First feels familiar - think a similar delusion trigger has been done prior
Second is great. We need more kid triggers
A trigger submission, mebbe.
What's the status of the trigger list, i terms of quantity?
*in
Oh, OK. I had a few I was sitting on. When I get back home I'll post them here.
What do you call a tiger in a white coat?
A scientist tiger.
Mod bash with -1 to hit, 4 brawn to wield
Two wound effects, one wound
Good luck on the talk with the dues!
For a given value of alive, yes.
You can dissolve the vitamin gummies, iirc
Avail. to run a player this afternoon at 4:15 CST.
Giving priority to Nonagon and secondary priority to Thaliaway and Dolyn.
Could probably run two, but we'll see how I'm feeling
It's fine. Bit of a narrative gap but nothing I expect to impact the immediate (Arc 14) narrative.
Which con was it, Words?
Hey, Nonagon, are you free?
I finished earlier than expected, can run.
Sorry 'bout that, Non.
Just drop me a line when you're up for it this week, I'm relatively free.
Thal's busy 'til the evening, Dol's in another game right now.
Actually, Pelt, I can do the NITRO scouting for you.
Let me know when you're done eating and I'll be able to run you.
Dol|Lili, whenever you're available, I can take care of you as well.
That, and there isn't really any open room right now.
Would like to see how you do in a one-shot before I'll consider it, I think
What's going on there, Chrono?
Yeah, I think I have, hm, 12 players?
Some aren't very /active/, that being said...
What aspects of your RP do you personally feel like you need to work on, JL?
No logs. Can you cite an example?
Let's roll, pelt.
Hmm, I'm feeling pretty comfortable with my GMing today.
Not sure why.
Things are flowing well.
Let me know when you're back.
Hey hey, Tell.
Thought that was Thal talking for a second
I saw your comments on my character sheet, by the way.
I'm free right now, Tell.
Whoa, Eagally was here?
Scaphism?
Wink is launching an investigation/attack on the NITRO facility and Bastille, if she's still there.
Was confirming the scaphism = honey boat
Nope.
32 is one of the newest additions, Tell.
10 of swords!
I love you, Dol
back, sorry
Paliza was legacied into Dalenacio's Miami game, IIRC.
Ketamine: not even once
Human flesh: maybe a few times
Which detail?
Oh, jars of irradiated dirt?
Engravings?
I like it too, it's pretty flavorful.
Being a criminal is probably the most optimal route to abuse his power, off the top of my head
He'd have a more difficult time finding energy sources otherwise
I'm fine either way, although it is a good stopping point.
Feel free to put one last post to wrap things up.
Then I have something for everyone in Cleveland.
That's subjective
Eh, I have real players to take care of first
It's not as big as Bastille's power armor, no.
It looks to be around 6 or so feet, whereas Bastille's has historically been around 9-10.
It's time to relax.
Hey, Mish
Since you're here
I give you explicit permission to tear me a new asshole if Flint isn't done by Sunday
I've got all of spring break to work on it
So I have no excuse
Thanks, yo
Not in my book
Pretty excited to win Katie's heart with smooth pickup lines and a carefully collated dossier on Malfire (much of which was taken from my 'wank material' bookmark folder)
Are you guys still trying to assemble the Bitchvengers?
You have to go to BB to get the OG Bitch
Hey there Tell.
I'm in the midst of rereading the Grantsville logs.
I think the older logs are still pretty quality.
But I can understand the sentiment.
Good night, everyone
Civ name or cape name?
What's the power/backstory, if you don't mind me asking?
Clint Grayson
Horndog
That's fair and reasonable
u rite...
For reference, the power armor depicted onstream is appx. 2 meters tall, smaller than Bastille's armor (3 meters in height)
If Non is doing Lausanne things today, we can run tonight, Thal - otherwise, tomorrow evening will be just as fine.
Hunh, the fact that my character's surname is Schuyler is actually completely coincidental.
Make sure you get a biotinker to graft you a slick new arm.
Paying attention to class, surely?
Hey, hey, that's Mishie's job, not yours
IIRC, Directors are M-scanned - no corona, no trigger (unless Cauldron gets involved, or other outliers)
What's your criteria for "winning the game"?
Pretty sure that bud triggers still require the corona, but that's just off the top of my head.
Can do some research/trawling later, but gonna take a shower & make lunch.
Good luck, Thal.
May you live long enough to enact revenge.
What's the request?
12:45 PM <[ATM]> You were showing your grandmother your cool new assassination squads provided by the prt and accidentally injure them. You watch in horror as they die in front of you. Trigger.
Please send help, I am dying.
You were showing your IRC friends your cool new madlibs generator and accidentally injure yourself.
Lemme know when Tell gets on.
Mega, what was your last Cleveland action?
If I'm not mistaken, Tell cooked up a really slick PRT Admin document for Bel's Director, so I'm hoping to acquire a stripped-down version for your use.
OK, great. I have some documents for you - a few from the LA PRT and a few from Columbus.
I have to polish them up, first, but I'll get them to you before you go to bed.
Let's be honest, it was a muddy, ragged softball, covered in vomit, liquor, and unknowable fluids.
That'd be pretty sweet, actually.
You have my gratitude, Bel.
Maslow's Hemokinesis
No rush.
That was a really quick nap, Non.
I have a hard time committing to brief 20-minute naps. If I doze off in the middle of the day, it's liable to be around 2 to 3 hours.
You absolute fucking madman
I'm a really heavy sleeper, so shit like that seems so alien to me
@ Bel - 2nd item on my agenda in Sicol is a tete-a-tete with the PRT Director
We may end up having a chat pretty soon
No, we gotta meet up, shirtless, and rub our titties together
Say, Bow, do you have designs on running Lausanne today? If not, I'd like to borrow Non for a session.
Mega, you around?
Just putting the finishing touches on the guys from LA rolling into town.
I'll have 'em for you and Bow soonly.
Oh, no rush
"Beautiful spring day" over here is a lovely pollen-encrusted 80 degrees
What's the character conceit, OB?
Are you talking shit about Alexandria?
Oh, thank you, Thal.
Hey Tell, I have some things for you.
Hey, Nonagon, can you link me to your power design pastebin?
That's the bunny. Thanks a lot.
Remarkable.
That's a very true-to-life depiction of Saff in the center.
_seen Lostavocado
I've only played in a handful of games, tbh.
Yeah. If your character dies, you're allowed to hop back into the queue, likely with some cooldown penalty given the amount of sessions you've had thus far, Spelt.
Hey, Nonagon, are you available for a session?
Just ping me when you are available.
I had a reasonable amount of ciabatta for lunch today.
Say, Teller, mind if I get your opinion on something?
Roger dodger.
Weekend at Coldie's
He crucified, like, six dudes with icicles.
And firebombed a police station.
People should get run over more in WD.
Cars are a powerful weapon.
Oh hey, Eags.
Been a while!
Yeah, it was Dallas, IIRC.
Try not to drown in your soup
I joined #weaverdice in the first week of May in 2015.
My arrival is timestamped by Berlin and Oakland, if we're using campaigns during the time of arrival as a metric.
I jumped right into GMing within the first week of my arrival, which may have caused some confusion regarding my veterancy.
Cryophage?
Cutting out on me?
I didn't realize I was interacting with you yesterday
Oh, gotcha. I think I was distracted at the time.
Almost noon.
Howdy, Tell
Yeah. Haven't gotten around to opening up the application process for round 3.
Probably will do that once Arc 14 is over
You've been hit by!
You've been struck by!
A meat carnival!
Yeah, I helped make it.
What's up?
Gen a character upon acceptance.
That way we don't end up with a lot of homeless character sheets / used triggers.
"Do I see you online a lot? Are you in a nearby timezone? What's your prior RP experience, and does it mesh well with how I GM? Are you an active, contributing member of the Weaver Dice community?"
CST.
tubes's campaign, rather
Legacy characters are OK, assuming the GM allows it
You'd just have to use the Meaternet
NPC them.
2 arcs
Mm, grass jerky
"Someone's been gnawing on my doorknob!"
Ping me if Megafire gets on
GB was cauldron, yeah
Dunno about the circumstances of him getting his powers
Hey Mega, I sent you a document.
I'll be continuing to fill it out.
What did you think of the document I linked you yesterday?
Silver Bullet stuff happening on the periphery of main things.
Was a slight window for Nach to be present for the hospitalplosion, but they were in a hurry.
I've got other plans in mind for SB.
It's time, boys.
#WDSicolBend if you want to watch me try to get an independent cape team off the ground.
No bonus due to skills, or skills/stats?
Gun-door is the one who does it.
I'm going to eat 12 bunny shaped marshmallow peeps to grant myself strength
 /me squawks
Oops.
Why the fuck don't you buy ice cream every night?
Made yourself look like a damn fool in front of the whole chat.
Booo.
:v
Ooh, cobbler of sorts?
Send me some.
Hmm, donuts with an apple pie filling.
Think those exist.
I've been getting average rolls, it's all good.
I'm not one to hate on the dice. They often help tell a good story.
I like getting peoples' hopes up with guns that don't work.
Now all of Allele's specimens will be chiseled and breathtakingly attractive.
Reimann is my only PC tinker.
Why not the former?
I'd like rolls to be indicated with a 0.5" indent
As far as accepting Seachange's offer, Schuyler's far more focused on the short-term right now. If he can't make it within the first month, he'll crash and burn, and this is a much-needed leg up
Yeah, I'm really looking forward to playing the tightrope game of being in the Brotherhood's pocket and still trying to be a hero group.
But is it a malediction, Teller? ;)
A hot mug of soup is always improved with a silly straw.
Sorry again, Thal.
Not on the ball enough to show around new leasees and GM simultaneously.
Hey Thal and pelt
Get thee rekt, devil
u got it bubbie
later
Ping me when you're free to run, Thal b
*.
No worries. I'll be at work too, so slower isn't too bad.
I can do Dags/Brigid too, since that's not too much trouble to run alongside.
Let me drive to work first, Thal b
*.
Me? Most anytime. It doesn't require too much work on my end
Back to bid'ness.
Can do. Am in the process of answering your PM, btw.
Pull that reverse psychology on Cashy
Man, the days in cleveland are just packed
Nice, because I can be on my phone or laptop under the same account
I need to get my miniputer up so I can stay logged in, perpetually.
Done by Sunday
You have what I gave you.
Getting too much in character, hmm?
It's really cool to see the conflux of three pretty damn strong capes.
Wink's damn near untouchable on a full charge, but Longinus actually managed to land a decent blow -and he's capable of easily crucifying most people.
Also, Soma, you're kind of going full throttle here, just a reminder to remember your 10 of swords power flaw
Longinus, you're such a fucking trainwreck
I love it, honestly
My head is spinning!
everything happen so much
SOMA|Longinus - when's the next available opportunity you're available?
soulpelt|Wink - I'm expecting you to be free tomorrow?
Works for you, pelt?
o7
It's made this current arc so entertaining.
Can reallocate 1 skill point into a skill you've exercised recently, Thal, enough time has passed
Not surprised when I do it, Tuz? :P
Sure.
Hey, I try to get more serious when I GM
After clearing up this session, taking care of Dol/Bel, and running Nong's meeting with SB, Arc 14 will wrap up - might run Scrags over Skype or something
Will try to do some one-shots for the newbies sometime, if they're still up for them.
Not right now
About to have to drive for 3~odd hrs
Maybe 1.5
That was the smoothest 4-player session I've run.
Thanks, guys.
Yeah. It's in the lookup for Kiera Kearney
Plausible trigger event, at least
Very psyched for how this is moving along b
*.
12 was good. Behemoth fight felt clunky at first but it really pulled together later on
It felt terrible at first, but managed to pull together after I took a break and started again, Cogo.
Why u lookin at me Tuzi
Pfft!
Firlz|Emp - me, elusive?
You jest.
Jape 'em and tape 'em, that's what I always say.
You have to jape them and then (video)tape their reaction.
Morning, Bow.
Danny's ratsona
Good plan!
_seen Belaris
_seen Bel
Algae collecting
Later
Oops, phone goofed.
I'm available, Teller
My responses may be slower than the usual
Out in the field helping Ellie get her algae samples, but not much brainpower is needed
Hit me up, I'm good whenever
Surname was coincidental on my part
Hmm. I don't mind, but I was looking forward to bantering with Broadcast. :p
Dol is miffed at you and also rock climbing, Bel
Also i'm gonna shit talk you on the radio
Yep. Weapon sizes.
Yeah, sure, I'm still free.
Waiting on SOMA, who's sent me a text saying that he, regrettably, might not be free until 9:15PM CST.
Damn. How are you feeling right now?
Hmm... Thal, you work tomorrow or nah?
Tomorrow I'm good all afternoon. Dunno about soma, I'll find out when he comes on in a bit and I bitch him out
You're goddamn right, brother
Nah, I'd probably allow subterfuge/presentation
Who the fuck are you banging
Well, Teller|GM - the die is cast.
I'm interested, as well as concerned.
You could make an argument for Grappling, but maybe on the second date.
bang 'em and hang 'em
u rite
Whew, long day.
Gonna drink apple booze until I fall down.
I like Non's icon on the map.
Reminds me of... the Psychic type logo for the Pokemon TCG, but with three eyes rather than the one.
going loud boyz
Love the blood spatters
Hey, 'sup
Grading papers - let me find a good stopping point and we can get started
Go ahead and suit up, it won't be long.
Yeah, suit up, spel
*spelt
#WDCleveland starting in 5.
Close enough to where the analogy works.
"Begin torrenting child pornography and also call the SWAT on yourself" button
Kill these bit-rate robo-lackeys.
Merry Bowmas!
Wits roll didn't meet the threshold, sorry. :(
In non-stressful situations.
You're running over to get revenge on your nemesis, fixating on him pretty heavily, and you've also had a rather large implant wrenched from your neck.
Because there's nothing that your power can fixate on, and it's my fiat as to whether Apocrypha activates in said situations.
Ball's in your court, at the moment.
It isn't.
Pretty sure it's Z, yeah.
Pretty close, yeah. Like mentioned earlier, there's an effective range.
Hope this isn't running too slowly, you three.
Lot of things happening all at once here. :s
Presumably, it's a Cawthorne MK some other number.
Hit the motherfucker with the other motherfucker!
Striker power - car magnetism
I'm very excited to see the Lausanne storyline shift its focus back to Z.
Z Story, if you will
He's going to be a fleshmummy
Pry out the dudes, eat them, and then hop on in!
"The suits weren't that tough," he says, as they were trashed by some dude with a +4 to Brawn
?
Way to ham it up
I didn't expect this, I'm dying of laughter
!search die like a bitch
!search died like a
Will the prophecy come true.....
Not quite, Thal
1/288, iirc
Aww, I want to hear it.
PM me?
Jesus can't help you now.
This set of sessions has been a real doozy.
Thanks for being such a great party boss, SOMA!
!addquote <SOMA> Seriously, this was a lot of fun, guys. Thanks for banding together to murder me slowly. It's been a blast.
Give him anthrax-flavored chocolate.
Glad you guys had fun today. I did too
Very.
I'm going to flam-bee this cream brooley.
I think I spent more points than Dol, though our draft formats were different.
Incidentally, Mega, has someone hooked you up with the logs from yesterday?
I didn't expect the whole scenario to come to a head so quickly, but it's nice to see the cat-and-mouse bit inverted.
You don't know this yet, IC, Thal, but you weren't.
I'll leave that for you to chew on.
tl;dr, Fuckery.
I'll explain later, if it never gets revealed in-story.
I wonder what gadgets you'll smash up?
No.
I don't think they've actually ever interacted, ironically enough.
Panth likely has the resources to put it together, or make an informed guess, but you've really just let him lay low and do his own thing for a while, and he hasn't bumped into anyone who would try and figure him out.
Soma is a good heel. I think he's got everyone in the campaign rooting against him.
"Better safe than sorry," Epidermis says, as he disembowels every man he sees on the street
Oh, you can go ahead and roll Apocrypha unlock, Thal, there's enough of a break in the action and you're particularly in sync with your shard at the moment.
Unlocks on a 95-100.
There'll be another opportunity at the end of this altercation, assuming you're still kickin' by the end of it.
JJ, Kusa, and Shades are fun to write, but I haven't really had a chance to do any of them recently.
Yeah, but it feels more like a side story, y'know?
Less impact on the main narrative, less engaging for me to write.
Not yet, but he will be.
You should team up with Killhand and get her to change her damn name back.
It used to be Cwn goddamn Annwn! It was so much cooler and then she had to muck it all up with the 'hand' theme.
Hell, Colhand was thinking about going by 'Frostfury'.
"Coon anoon," Panth
You'll make a lovely War, Thalia.
For kicks, Wink's drain debuff is titled 'On a Black Horse'.
The original Famine was also a 'drain' Blaster, though he stole living human biomass and used it to fuel his regeneration.
Huh, just realised. Dags and Wink are both Roberts.
The power write-up is a little inaccurate - it's hinging upon the Absorption perk that you managed to roll.
Mm, just revert it to the original, and you'll be able to figure it out as you exercise your power in more and more dire situations.
Oh, would you look at that! Your power perk is pushing you towards conflict. I have no idea why this is happening.
Patronymic 'son of Mendo / Mem' - relatively common Spanish surname.
Given that Mendez's parents were wishy-washy flower-eaters, it's not too surprising.
Robert is Germanic, derived from Hrodebert - famed, bright, shining.
Sanderson is just a patronymic "Alexander's son".
"Applejack"
Director Applejack Mendez
Like, went to uni / etc in San Francisco?
Dept 14 Indianapolis, probably.
That's just 4 hours and 45 minutes away.
You could make a day trip out of it.
Let me know if you need any help, Dale.
It's true.
Wait until you all get attacked by bikevendor100's motorcycle gang.
Then you'll be sorry.
Conclusion of Thal/SOMA/Spelt event heralds end of Arc 14. Might squeeze in a half-session for Nonagon, as a prelude to what's to come on the villain side of things.
Queue for new players opens up in tandem with Arc 15.
I'll do some timed announcements.
I'll let you guys know when the time comes.
Mhmm.
Hey, Saff, did you see the logs for the recent SOMA altercation?
** Malcolm might sit in the back seat, whispering "Threesome" on repeat.
I think so.
I'm still, frankly, quite impressed regarding the combat rolls between Wink and Longinus.
I have the rough document for it, it just needs some polish.
Sure. I can help Wed/Thurs.
-2 Ath, must roll to move, every attempt to move using said leg can inflict a temporary wound.
Only certain wounds penalize guts.
Some, but not all.
Might do a one-shot this afternoon/evening.
Hmm, let me finish grading first.
Man, this session has been downright lengthy.
Let's go ahead and get it out of the way, then. I don't expect the wrap-up on your end will take too long.
#WDCleveland2 then, shall we?
Halve your dex - that's the number of shots you can take per round.
Ah, Cashy does love drama.
The last one was a six, though.
And the car you were hiding under didn't blow up!
Hi, Ananke.
Let me know of any questions you have, I'll answer them as quickly as possible.
Let me know if you need any examples / assistance.
The "Read First" document, then the rulebook, I'd recommend.
Do you need links to either?
If you have the chance, peruse some logs. It'll give you a look at the system in action.
One just ended, Baker, unfortunately.
I'll try for Tuesday, Thal.
Can technically do any night, but Tues/Fri are best for me this week.
Use guns.
Five hundred guns.
Lausanne's such a fun read.
But... mostly by resorting to PvP.
:s
> "Non declined (why!?) to roleplay the buy/consumption of the Cauldron vial"
Same, tbh
Same
A lot of my "why" is simply hunger for more details on the inner workings of Cauldron :P
Yep.
Let's rock, Tell.
Do you have access to the log formatter widget?
I'll link you in a second. It's automagic!
dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/45674515/widgets/log_formatter.html
There you go, guys.
Cheers.
Nah.
He's just here, taking up space, the damn layabout.
I'm in the groove today, Tell.
Character gen only needs other people when powers are being made, and most other people can help out, doesn't necessarily need to be Bow.
They are.
Lex and Lsteps's sessions have actually been there for a while.
Lsteps lives in eastern Europe, right?
o o p s 
Did Brigid give you the germ, Bel?
Greater Savage AIDS
"Hmm," Schuyler muses, unbuttoning his shirt as he continues to talk, etc. etc
That's what they, uh, call me
Good ol' fuckbot 5000
Pay it forward, for the kids.
Which time zone are you in?
You should mesh well with most of the folks here, then.
Time-zone wise, at least.
φ
Reading the logs isn't really a necessity for participation.
She's running out of dogs.
I'm going to swim out into the ocean and scream an offer to Grindylow, offering them competitive pay rates, comfortable living facilities, a support network, and friendship.
I think reading Anchorage has made me overly paranoid that I might get saddled with a Feint.
:P
At the annual PRT Director's meetup: "Look under your chairs! You all get a Feint!"
Schuyler's chain of failures will inevitably lead him to become a puppet of the Brotherhood by necessity, reflecting the corruption within his former corporate team and their collaboration with the Elite.
Trapped by the very same system he swore to destroy.
You should trade some capes with future-Mendez.
It's only a half-year chronological difference.
Hmm, but the traded protectorate capes would get plot armor. We can't have that.
Rip...
Stick around and spectate, p'raps?
You hear that, Megafire?
He's throwing shade over here.
My, my, how the worm turns
Despite being damaged both times while under cover, you managed to pull through. Make sure to thank the fleshy, keloidal mass that was once your husband.
Pull the trigger, Piglet.
>tfw I too, am in the Brotherhood's pocket
It was snug and lined with dollar bills! I dozed off before I knew what hit me.
It was actually a gift!
Say the words "$200,000" around me and I'll start tearing out chunks of my own flesh! It's a cool party trick.
C'mon down to Reimann's Rathouse for cheap, cheap, CHEAP healing!
Might just be 3, Non.
And I'm notoriously easy to wrangle.
Non/Mega/me
Z is the most enticing of the three evils, Non.
Let your avarice for a slick, golden power suit consume you.
You and your husband can take over the suit tag-team.
It's zodiac, not tarot, yeah.
Well done, Tuz
Ah yeah, you were in old Laus
I can second the Galavant recommendation.
Would you blame a child
That's maybe 0.6 liters of blood, depending on how big they are.
Err, not liters. Gallons.
Yikes.
The statue thingy.
It's tuesday, innit?
Yeah, slated to wrap up the fight
A module? Howso?
Not... really?
Just an older iteration of Laus that didn't pan out.
Caveat: Run in early Nov. of 2014, when the WD system was skeletal at best.
Sess. 8 was the Crane mention.
It's been rollin' along pretty smoothly. Plenty of players who are invested in seeing it through.
The old Laus was kludged up by the start of Twig, IIRC.
Oakland was loss of players, IIRC.
I doubt Crane would kill a student.
I'm not. I had a good character waiting in the wings.
I was going to be Yamana's loyal bitchboy.
I had it all planned out.
Damn you! Yamana deserved better!
Different chronologies
A few NPCs tangentially associated with Vancouver are mentioned, but only one is there.
W/ respect to Sicol Bend, that is.
Yeah, I like the crossovers between campaigns. It makes it feel like there's something bigger and greater.
May 2010, for Sicol..
Well, what are the comparative populations / crime rates?
Well, are you scared?
What a bunch of fucking nerds.
Who genned Beholder's power, anyways?
You've been kind of hard to get a hold of lately, Ace.
Real pain to have players with intermittent / inconsistent scheduling / channel presence.
I'm getting work / grading out of the way right now so as to prepare.
_seen JustLurking
_seen Baker
_seen Cactus
Some channels, like #WD_Spokane and #WDCharlotte are defunct, Non. You can probably ditch them.
You're supposed to register the channel when you join it at first. Now you'll have to wait for a server admin to op you, and then you'll have to register it.
Perhaps Gundor, when he's on.
" /cs register #channelname "
The WD universe needs more apt, on-the-nose cape names.
Strongboy
Shoutman
Like... Murderbeam. Murderbeam was great. Exactly what it says on the can.
And Taserhands. You know what you're dealing with, when you're dealing with someone called Taserhands.
Back, sorry about that
One of those days where things consecutively blew up in my face
Gah
The stressors are mostly taken care of / eliminated
But I feel bad about missing a scheduled session which is in dire need of resolution
I have some vague ideas, Panth.
Trying to settle on one to execute as a proof-of-concept.
Can you think of any baseline scenarios that can accommodate 1-2 players in a one-shot session that has the potential to lead into another?
Also, does anyone have Oxford logs?
Works as a oneshot but leaves an opening for a sequel.
Perform a job for an employer, let's say, and upon success, you'll be eligible for the next.
Yeah.
Jobs, bounties, mini-stuff.
More action than narrative, for the most part, I'm thinking
(on the subject of WD "modules" - have been discussing with panth on and off for a little bit lately)
tubes has done something similar with the Dunamis Dynamics corporate cape problem-solvers bit, which could be considered modular
Why are you upset, SOMA? You get to live slightly longer
Could have 'branching paths' sorts of thing.
Yeah, we're on the same wavelength here.
Independent splits into hero/corporate/vigilante/career criminal/psychopath paths, further branches as it goes.
Different jobs / scenarios offered to each.
Sure, go for it.
If you'd like to get in on this, Nonagon - I value your opinion when it comes to these things a lot
Still in the process of reading Oxford after the initial skim, but it looks like your GM style is pretty solid.
Mmm... don't think so
I've been AWOL most of today, unfortunately
Kill yourself.
It's what Apex would do
Want to show me your notes, tubes?
We might as well Combine Our Powers
r i p
rest in fucking pieces
Yeah, panth
Twig Dating Sim: Helen Route
?
panth, mostly
I'm helping a bit
Nah, Black Morning, OB
Did you take my advice from a few months back, about RP / character presentation?
Don't recall, but I do recall PMing him about it after a Fort Town session.
Or maybe a Charlotte session? One of the two
The other one
3 in total, which even beats me
Teaboos
]=====================,mmmmmmmmmmmmm 
Not really work, just life stuff
So much hustle and bustle yesterday I forgot I had a test today, left my calculator on the couch.
go home and be a family man
Pastebin the logs, Kurama
I'll fix it
Yeah. He was rolling 2h6+1 on dodges.
Pretty soon, pelt.
Small descriptors are nice in establishing flavor and helping with character immersion, but they also bog down the narrative. There's a balance to be struck.
In the midst of combat, I'd argue, is not a good time to get fancy with your attack/wounding descriptions - you want it to be fast-paced, snappy, expedite the one-two process of exchanging blows as best you can, both to keep the tension up and the ball rolling.
Like clockwork, innit?
;)
I'm at Saff's, I'm available.
Might be slower to reply, tutoring.
I wish I had a goddamned maid outfit
I'd look damn good in a goddamned maid outfit
Oh, cool. Just ping me when you're back. I'll get the starter post prepped and do physics stuff.
I'll just staple it to my nipples, no big deal
I'd look damn good in a goddamned maid outfit
Okay.
No, I was just the first one in.
I'm writing something up
The triggeree has been trapped in a job that's decaying with them, so to speak. As they age, prospects dry up, and they have to raise the stakes, subject themselves to more trauma, or fail to sustain the addictions they've cultivated over their tenure as a porn star.
There are various facets of the trigger that lends themselves to a Tinker classification - they've effectively trapped themselves, locking themselves into a job to feed their vices, now finding that, as a consequence of the field, the job is laced with diminishing returns.
There's an element of choice, here, so I'll stay away from the 'mad scientist'-type of Tinkers (which was my original thought), but they're at a crossroads where they take jobs that are worse and worse, or the unsustainable lifestyle they've built around them comes crashing down.
So, I'm thinking a Tinker of the Binary type, but rather than a Venn-diagram overlap, two sides of the same coin. They'd specialize in Health (but a false health, an echo of the attempt to cling onto a job with worsening prospects, as a consequence of their aging) and Atrophy (a more direct expression of the former).
*lend
An incomplete thought, and I'd have to tone down the power for a Valhalla-type campaign, but it lends itself well to the slow growth of Valhalla, particularly as a Tinker, and I can draw up some mock-ups of the tables if you like.
I can see that being illustrated, yeah. Diagonal cut in the center of the art, Wink in one corner, dodging out of the way of five lance-heads, firing a pistol with reasonable heft into one of the portals from which the lances are emerging. Other corner depicts Longinus, jabbing a single lance into a portal, bullet emerging from the same.
Ready, Thal?
Is the power gen OK? Don't want to derail things
That's your shotgun, Pelt
You have a pistol that I forget the make of
Can activate power, parts of the body entering breaker state, serving as a power source for the Tinkertech.
As rounds pass, their body drifts further towards a full Breaker state (that isn't very good) while their tech output ramps up.
@ Kurama - for the Flaw 43, give him a gang to start off with. One of them is a parahuman, keeping their power under wraps, who wants his head.
Round and round it goes...
Try it again.
I guess Cashy just doesn't like you.
There were some rules with Yahtzee-esque dice combinations for the Pact Dice goblin magic example document, which I liked a lot.
It doesn't quite fit the flavor of WD, though.
There are a few favored templates.
Best to ask your GM which their favorite is.
I remember the old ones with the playing card back at the top.
And the "cookie if you fill out all your tactics and backstory" thing.
:0
It's a better system because the flat stat buffs that Wink's power gives him become that much more busted, you mean? :p
Yeah, HQ and Self-Sabotage was the luck roll
Wow, this one's a biggie.
First log to break 100 kb! Congrats, everyone
Almost 20K words! Some of them are IRC names, but still, good work, team.
SOMA, if you play again, I want you to play something that doesn't fit your usual stereotypes of "primary antagonist". :P
If you join the Wards, you're going to be Feint.
I'm not a sucker.
Someone link this dinkus the Anchorage doc, will you? I'm going to bed
It coulda been a twofer!
wheelhouse is such a weird fucking colloquialism
goodnight
"[23:34:45] <Antioch> If you join the Wards, you're going to be Feint." Yeah but Feint is awesome.
I can shoot for 2:30 PM, Saff.
One second, Cxax.
Roughly 6'2" in the armor, which isn't as bulky as traditional power-armors go. It's thinner, more agile, almost form-fitting save for where the joint plating overlaps. It follows the same silver-with-gold-highlighting color scheme as his lance does. He's right-handed, with a miniature portal-generating device clamped to the right wrist of his armor. He has
a half-helm in the same style as Armsmaster that leaves his mouth and chin visible, while the visor of the helmet is made of tinted, reinforced glass that projects a HUD, generally denoting Tinker-relevant data like spatial coordinates, onboard power, effective range, and targeting algorithms.
SOMA might have something diff. in mind, but that's my thoughts, from the Tinker Table and the uncostumed description he gave me.
Is Mega here?
Hey, Non, mind helping me out with something for a few moments?
Remember the module we were discussing a few days back? I was wondering if you had some powers lying around that also happened to have trigger events attached to them.
Wait, are they mixing 4 different vials?
I misunderstood, I thought the die roll was to pick the singular vial.
Traditionally, we generally do mixes of two - three vials combined generally indicates that Balance is one of them.
I was working on that doc, pelt, I've seen the changes.
Grandeur + Blitz is fine.
Do you mind using the powers in McAllen as potential powers for beginning module players?
You're a rad dude, Non.
Or, as evidence from the prior day corroborates, a rat dude.
Ruined it!
Happen to have the corresponding mechanics for said powers? If not, s'alright. I can make some myself.
It'd be fucking dandy if you could PM them to me.
Oh, wow, I didn't even notice you sneak in, Bow.
Hiya.
\o/
More on that later, but let's try and resolve Dolyn's power before we get too sidetracked.
Mutated body, I feel, lends itself better to a fissured ceramic aesthetic, rather than metal. Thus, damage to body increases chance of environmental damage to aggressors.
Basic electric blaster powers with the option to self-harm to ramp up the effect of Shaker ability.
Sort of spits in the face of the 'wing it' philosophy of WD that's more popular here / I tend to favor, but might be a good way to get new players familiar with the mechanics, and chat members potentially interested in GMing.
Whenever I get enough of it done, probably.
Might have enough of it done by then.
You and I, we're opposites.
I cannot survive at temperatures below 80F.
Alabama, actually
Dol, we can just hang out when I'm mummified in warm clothing.
Or you can be nude, it evens out to the same metric, depending on the ambient temperature.
I'm thinking about wearing so many layers of clothing, like that one character from the children's book.
The one who is actually just a dead rat, wearing layers upon layers of raincoats.
Particularly given that I am the dead rat, yes, please. Stop beating me.
I've always wondered how Bow does the ... thing to avoid post limit.
Does his client track characters?
I hate to admit it, but you make a good Director, Bel.
Only reason I hate to admit it is because I'm trying to undermine you.
I just try to linebreak my GM posts by sentences. Hasn't come up for me in a while, IIRC.
Not enough to piss me off.
You're gonna have to shoot your squad leader, Bel.
Rumor has it that when Deep-Six touched Squad Leader Song, his Striker power simply removed his ability to feel fear.
I can't wait for Squad Leader Hamilton to marry my beautiful daughter, and then publically slander you, Bel.
Which is why, as I mentioned, you'll have to shoot her.
Gonna have a small egg hunt with me and Ellie and maybe some other friends
Fill the easter eggs with algae samples
Can see where you're coming from, w/ the stress, Kurama
But I offered the spot, so it's on me, so to speak
Journal paper, Mish, sorry
Feel good enough about my writing that I didn't balk at the thought of having Bow in the campaign, and having his feedback either way would be a huge step forwards in improving my writing / DMing
Thanks for the kind words.
CG has already run a few, so it's better than the prior attempt!
Haven't had a chance to read the logs, but he's a consistent GM who has momentum.
#politics channel, guys.
do you have access to the autoformatter?
I'll link it to you in a few minutes (on my phone at the moment)
Thanks, panth
Looks good.
I hope your dick doesn't spend all day looking at a computer, Bel. That's a quick way to get carpal tunnel.
Haven't played anything onstage since I started working on my master's, JL
Have been transcribing some VGOSTs for fun in my spare time, but don't have a keyboard at the apartment so I don't really do much by way of music these days
They wanted me to master an instrument - quit violin after a year or so, because I didn't like standing up / pressure on my fingers for the strings.
In the process.
I know it's meant in jest, but hits a little close to home, Mish
2 years ahead of schedule on getting my doctorate and my parents haven't been particularly supportive
Case in point - I don't run 3 games at once. I trick Bel into running one of them for me.
Takes too long to load
Feel free to make a ToC document if you feel like it, though
Main document as in rulebook, or readme?
Pages of what?
Those are separate documents, if I'm understanding you correctly
Your point being?
^
In the topic of this channel
Y'know, the thing that says "Read First"
Nah, mobilebasic is a blessing.
For the old rulebook and the PRT master handbook? An absolute godsend
There's a 20-second difference, for crying out loud
Maaaan.
You really need to look at the channel topic, Oni
It's all there
Everything's there
What client do you use?
PRT Master Handbook? Should be in the Projects document, next to the readme
Now you've got me worries
'tis there.
Don't think so, no
Anchorage was likely the beta, yeah
Sort-of on the subject, I hope skill specializations get implemented soon
They're p damn cool
Not... sure what you mean by that
Elaborate?
:/
frustrating
We may be using different definitions of specialization
It's the new thing, where instead of raising your rank by one pip, you take one specialization that corresponds to the skill
There's an example of it, in the skills section of the rulebook, with Withstand, IIRC
He's too useful for me as a GM
Exposition machine
Not really the channel for that type of discussion, anyways, oni.
You can always make one, Shem. It's super easy.
And that's why we have channels like #nipplestapling and #hammaries. :|
what's it conditional on, do you know?
Will format Arc 14 afterward, GM on the weekend.
Or is it topography...? I should really know these things.
After this busy week, there'll be a lull in my working life.
I'd like to run one or two one-shots next week, as a test-run / refinement of the "modular" WD campaign panth has been working on.
I'm wondering if Malin counted me twice.
It's silent 'cause I've been busy, Spelt.
:P
Hi, Dol.
Nah, that was some other biotinker.
I'm talking about Templar de Sang, the asshole who picked a fight at the Lodge for no good reason.
And not Ratboy Genius, the reclusive Tinker who lives in a supermarket - he's since changed lab locations, but he's left a trail of tiny rodent skeletons.
That's a lie, the bones are too useful of biomaterial. I would never do that.
Not if my healing concoctions have the side effect of breaking the weaker-minded.
Well, in my case, the 'briefly' would have been because you'd've asphyxiated and died.
So I think Leperous was the right call.
One-hour break for me. Of sorts.
Proctoring a test, which means I need to stay awake, at the very least.
Which is a shame.
Much like my real self, Reimann meeting a clone would result in a fast and messy fight to the death.
If I let my clone live, the situation degrades to a point where we're facing each other off w/ lethal intent further down the line, but the stakes / collateral are higher.
Hard to expound on the particulars. Fixation on competition is a certain point, though that doesn't cover the gamut.
The equality is a factor, I think. Competition feels a lot different between true equals, rather than a scenario where one party is inherently better than the other.
It's a very "who draws their gun first" scenario, which is hard to explain why exactly I feel that way.
Wouldn't work, with my personality / methodologies.
Paradoxical, in a sense, insofar as I'm modeling my clone as having the exact same motivations as me, with foreknowledge of the "who draws their guns first" scenario as detailed earlier, so it ends up boiling down to a "kill on sight thing".
Why did I put the quotation marks there?
???
I automatically lose all Prisoner's Dilemmas to myself.
I automatically win all Prisoner's Dilemmas to weak-hearted bitches that aren't me.
Saves me less agonizing, given that people who aren't me outnumber me by a good bit
If, as posited above, clone is identical to original, feels more a plot footnote than twist
Reproductive fitness?
Just be a serial killer, Ace. There's bound to be one or two capes laying low amidst the victims.
Statistically, if you never stop killing, you'll kill a cape sooner rather than later.
Try to murder as many people at once, for maximal efficiency.
"mens rea" - the intention or knowledge of wrongdoing that constitutes part of a crime, as opposed to the action or conduct of the accused.
Legal term
Guilt re: knowledge / willingness
@ spelt - unless power was altered by Kurama, Raiment only applies to worn clothing, IIRC
@ spelt - assemble a loyal following of minions, give them "power armor"
if they turn on you, blow them up
bonus points because undercover capes are more likely to turn on you
Hey, Bow, have you used the site Graphtreon before?
It's... almost an anagram of Olivebirdy.
You might like it, Bow (though I dunno if Patreon itself has the same features). Graphical representation of patron growth, income growth, & income per patron growth.
Oh. Clearly not what you meant.
Hey, Tell.
Oops. Lost track of time w/r/t modstuff, Tell - looks like we'll have to do Sicol at the previously appointed time tomorrow instead
meat surplus
snail surplus
snurplus
o/
Let me know when you're avail. for Sicol, Tell, I'm free much of tonight
But do you have a PRT decal on your car?
I've yet to receive a visit from the PRT Director
Ball's in your court, bub
You ain't marrying none of my daughters
Sicol incoming
I'm... really happy with how Schuyler's turned out, actually. The two failures have really fleshed him out as a character in my mind's eye.
Not happy with his situation, but man, I like how he acts / thinks.
Heh. She's more useful in another plan I have.
That definitively doesn't involve my hiring her.
Can't wait to have a Gattai tinker
Uh... fusion/combine?
Voltron Tinker
That's probably a better word
it just popped in my head as I was writing. Legit distracted me and threw off my train of thought
Was it a stage name? Could be intentional
Go visit cleveland and tell me what it's like
:D
I'm going to do a cross stitching of Non's earlier post and put it on my mantelpiece.
My back is reserved for cartography
Wrapping up paper/project today.
Woo, business is squared away, for the most part.
My head is dancing with biocompatible metallic powders.
Want to do a quick thing, CoGo?
I wouldn't mind doing a test run of panth's module thing.
You're reasonably new, Thal, but you have double-digit sessions under your belt, I'm certain
Done
Nope, I'm going to take a 5 min break to fill my water bottle and let whatever spectators there may be file in
We start, you and I, without any prior prep
Since they're linked on the Readme
Got sidetracked wrt. my own thesis paper, actually
First link in the topic
Under 'works in progress'
Lots of new Tinkerstuff this week.
Lava eyes!
Oops, sorry.
Got distracted, sorry about that, CG.
that's me
Cyrus the Virus
_lostavocado
_seen lostavocado
CG has been rolling poorly in this one-shot.
Cashy seems to do this on purpose, to facilitate drama.
Was an interesting experiment. Definitely low-maintenance GMing - sorry about me getting distracted at one point, but it wasn't tough like some sessions I've had to do!
Was enjoyable running you as well, CG, thanks.
Not its original intent, but luck roll blurred the edges and time / resource constraints pushed him further down that path.
Heck, I even put some more polish on my presentation tomorrow whilst doing so.
I'll putter around and make sure newbies get a spin.
Templar stuff gains charges from melee attacks w/ special weapons that can power up their weapon or armor
Given the nature of what panth handed to me, it's possible I might even be able to polish it some more, let beginner GMs take the reins for a few sessions, since an impressive amount of groundwork has been laid out.
Which I think would be cool, since having more GMs around usually isn't a bad thing.
If any of you see him before I do, give him big thanks from me for putting the thing together and giving me the idea.
* coming up with the idea
A WD campaign, but in a modular sense, where things are pre-built to quickly and easily get new players off the ground / familiar with the rules, and for a GM to run it w/o any prep work.
Was nice to run a game, get my brain whirring again.
Glad it helped! Part of the design intent was to help new players familiarize themselves with the rules
I have them but can't procure them at the moment. On a phone.
Trigger did actually smack of Mad Scientist elements, now that I think on it
Yeah
One PC comes to mind but I'm sure there are more
Two
, I forgot about the first one
Who is the guy who wrote that power? I don't think we see him around anymore
not wrote, rolled
YtK was probably the worst
Got some pictures of the Z suits in Lausanne
Dunno where you got the number 30 from Oni.
Yeah, number 24 was stated in Old Laus. Dunno if it still holds true, but makes more sense.
"No parahuman members, but they are working with, ah, my employer. In that, we are on the same level, neither subservient to the other. There are thirty of them. Less, after tonight. I'll leave it to you to do basic subtraction."
Must you continue to shame yourself
Barely any, Bel.
They're not really for him, to be fair.
Ah, Thursday.
Schnitzel day.
Getting old, Spelt.
What's the point?
It's repetitive, grating
Yeah, that's a pretty valid analogy, Thal
If you'll recall, you generally made Blushy generate that quote every time Proth logged in
Same thing, different IRC user
Same building frustration that led to a debate about just getting rid of that quote entirely
Hey
Largely been busy wrt project re: osseointegration, have not had a chance to reply
Did run CG
They're there, Saff, just haven't really had the time to devote any significant chunk of my effort to Cleveland
Wrapping up you, Non, Dol this weekend or early next week
Was really good. Low effort, didn't need me to lift a finger for prep work, nice and simple
You'll never know, Thal
I started in media res, right after trigger.
Had enough raw material in the notes / trigger / setting that I didn't really have to come up with anything on the fly.
Yeah. Used a set of powers / triggers that Non gave me with pregenned mechanics, etc.
Yeah, you missed a little bit
"This lady who murdered my dad is my new role model."
Totally just did that because I didn't want to roll a number that wasn't nice and round
That precious ivory! I was going to smuggle it
The Guild will be displeased, impostor.
Oh, wow.
You go, Non
Champion of the peoples
Props to Non for the NPC Bestiary too
Another thing that really streamlined the process
Try it and find out
Hrm. None of these really click for me.
^
Part writing style, but the story being told lacks poignancy, in some part
Doesn't evoke the sense of desparation / despair that other triggers that I'm fond of do
Would be more accurate to say you don't know what you've gotten yet, Thal
Hey Meg. Cleve things happening. PMing you logs up to that point, you didn't miss much.
Hm, that didn't work as a PM
Oh well
Yo
God wills it
Non is the topmost contributor for the module engine solely for the fact that I've been stealing a crapload of stuff he's already done (powers, triggers, npc bestiary)
She's not /that/ bad
She's just ill-suited to certain individuals
Well, old Gigawatt, who was an aggressive, irate PTSD victim with a chip on her shoulder
New Gigawatt, who is a slavering addict, may go over better
There was a PR fuss about it in Denver, yeah.
Less of a Clockblocker situation and more of a "the people we ran it by are stupid or have no cultural sensitivity and it's kinda too late to rebrand"
He wasn't originally from there - the issue was raised when he was transferred to there
His hometown is Overland Park, Kansas, IIRC
Huh, really?
"Let's have one bus that runs to Walmart and when it breaks down not bother to have another bus take an extra little bit to get to the the bus stop there! WHAT COULD POSSIBLY GO WRONG? Trigger."
He's been doing what he's doing. The People asked if he wanted to join, since he's been close to their turf for a lot of his vigilante stuff, but he turned them down. Hasn't killed anyone again.
Oh, right. Well, he's been NPCed, so we can do that sometime later.
After you take care of all the more important things.
Of which there are... a lot. D:
I'm thankful for SOMA's presence in Cleveland
He's done a lot to make the plot interesting, catalyzing a lot of other events for PCs, much in the same way that Saff did
M'laptop died
I return
Did Nonagon just type "sin" with a dollar sign for the s?
That's some eloquent sociopolitical commentary right there.
hmm yeah
I like 24
Some primes I like, others I find distasteful
Looking at the Sicol document, I feel bad for how many sessions I've gotten.
kek
Yep. Just the I session is off
Odd
I love the little quotes taken from the session
Here I was thinking I stole them from you
?!?!!??
Works for me now
@ Thalia - Which line in the session seems most quotable for you/
*?
I'm leaning towards "You're more trouble than you're worth, you bitch" but that was just from a quick (and sleepy) skim
!search parable
You'd likely have to stick around for new campaigns to show up.
Possibilities?
Oh, hiya, Dol!
Hmm. It'd be difficult, joining a campaign with a GM that would be compatible with your timezone, as well
Hmm. No campaigns that I could recommend to you immediately come to mind.
If you happen to be online at the same time that I trawl for newbies to test the Terre Haute module on, that's a "campaign" of sorts that has just started
But it's not something that I schedule / prepare for, given the nature of the testing, and it takes a backseat to my Cleveland campaign
Central Standard Time, but no particular time therein
Mostly just if I happen to be idle and willing to devote a measure of my attention to testing / keeping a new player entertained
I didn't really get the asian comment, tuz.
Why do you keep changing your name, Xax?
Oh, it's Bowday
Yeah, the Halloween thing where people dressed up as capes was at least somewhat entertaining
Well done, Nonagon. You're a champion of the people.
The L-Bow schism will shatter this chat in half.
B)
Oh, does anyone have Sicol logs for me?
I d/ced around midnight yesterday
Thanks, Dol
Either of you available for a session?
No problem, 'twas short notice.
Want to shoot for Monday or Tuesday evenings?
*evening
Roger that.
More or less.
Guess I should use this free time to clean up the logs.
Uh, Invictus died like... more than half a year ago.
You're still comatose, Spelt.
Are you still busy, Dol?
More or less, CG.
I might run Bow first, to give the arc more momentum.
Enjoy!
You'll have to wait a while. Those were some miserable wounds you sustained.
What a damn entertaining villain it made for me.
Mmm, don't think so.
Hmm. Round-robin GMing?
Sounds weird, logistically speaking.
Was referring to Bow's earlier suggestion
"Some bullshit" is a pretty broad category, so I'm inclined to say yes
Well, I mean, Tinker power armor would be a Tier-X costume with armor/heavy, + specialty related bonus
So... I guess?
Someone mind distracting me?
Nothing that requires my creativity.
@ Kurama - read what I recommended, re: Tinker tables?
Some useful resources just got posted in chat.
If you've any progress on the tables you're making for Baker's character, I can take a look and try to help.
Practice, mostly.
A bloody mess, at the mo'
I need more references to help me along, especially with the head.
Body armor, sci-fi stuff, video game stuff
Gun full of bugs
phoot phoot phoot.
gnight you guys
Morning Dol
Quite alright
Yesterday turned out to be a bit of charlie foxtrot 
I'll PM you, Dol.
Were you not there? I thought you might've been there, Chrono
I'm pretty happy with the list of skills as they are right now, as far as the breadth of what they cover.
Rather than making newer skills, Zai, I'd prefer to focus efforts on reworking some of the older skills (some of the firearms skills, for example).
What was the contents, Bow?
Think that's the one you're talking about.
I think that's a really cool mechanic, as players transition from civilian life to juggling civilian and cape life to going full-cape, if it comes to that.
SoD?
Suspension of disbelief
Ah
GM could probably tweak Job skill income to fit the campaign
Non has the right of it - as it stands right now, the ability to deal more than one wound per round (without even needing powers to do so!) is pretty strong.
Whoa, pake
*Bake
Pastebin it next time
Multiple moderate wounds, CG, IIRC.
Deals two at point-blank to 10' if I'm remembering properly
Yeah. Even sniper rifles have range increments.
Hm-hmm. What should I do today?
Yeah, I got it, Kura.
Looks fine to me.
_seen Dalenacio
Hm-hmm.
Want to do something to wind down, but what?
Not reall a wind-down thing.
*really
And I have some stuff to take care of, before that's a thing
Hmm. Not really feeling up to it right now
Would be up for helping new GMs figure out their game, possibly, or doing a group discussion in #gamedesign with respect to the skill rework
Otherwise, unrelated to WD, would take book recommendations
Sure, Pand
Yeah, I have, Tuz
Wasn't really my thing, unfortunately.
I'm on my Chromebook, so League is a no-can-do. I'm also more than half a year clean, so it doesn't sound too good to me, Tuz
Chance of what?
That was weirdly out-of-context
Sorry, Pan, Soul, got roughly 7 chapters in to try and get into it, but it doesn't seem to be holding my interest.
Nothing so petty, soup.
It's a perk, you know! Gonna be some tangible benefits.
'course, Pan being a Tinker, I can see some pretty apparent ideas.
Tell's call on where he goes with it, ofc, but I've been itching for one of my own players to get that perk.
I like Reimann, but it's largely his circumstances and unique situation that make him so much fun to play for me. Not disparaging the quality of the Tinker tables and power, but it's a really cool look into what a Case 53 Tinker might have to deal with.
It's just that what's happening to him is so much cooler than what he can build, if you get me.
Tell mentioned a session for Heropants today, no?
Hm-hmm. Anything going on at the moment? I see Aberdeen
Oh, whoops
My bad
Not much has happened this past week, as I've been caught up with research
The queue for the machine shop has been brutal, next iteration of knee LCM is gonna be a while which is good for you guys but bad while I sit on my thumbs waiting for more data to work with
What's the consensus about it being "too soon" for Steve Irwin jokes?
Obviously the time cooldown is proportional to the severity of the incident
Well, other factors as well, but you get the idea
Oh, what d'you know
Never mind
Never never mind
It's the Big Boy himself
What, at the Counterstrike tournament?
Hm-hmmm. What to do, what to do.
You may want to rejoin #WDSicolBend , Hierophant.
I'm confused, Hiero.
Why would Luddite be able to listen to RFS?
Ah, I misunderstood.
Oh, hello, Tal!
I think... Vern was looking for you, the other day.
Can't recall, I'm afraid
Not bad. At the end of a long week, looking forward to some time to recuperate and be more active in this community.
Still some chores that I need to do here before I can start up the next arc (formatting the logs, for example) but I'm hoping that I'll be able to regain some momentum with the sessions I've scheduled for Non and Dol.
Sure. I should be readily available during this week.
Lie at rest, safe in knowing yours was not the fastest death in WD history.
Cashy sensed your betrayal.
Aw, don't crush the poor boy's dreams like that
He just wants merciful release from suffering
Might have kept pinging him with Chronophantasma mentions.
Hadn't thought about it - my client doesn't ping me on antivillain, but it does ping me on anti-villain
Just another topping on the Hoagie of Justice.
First blood.
Good show, good show, hm, yes.
Your sessions are generally enjoyable to watch, Hiero. Have you done anything besides Sicol and Earth He?
Why?
Arc 14 still needs Non and Dol
And the logs still need to be formatted
There'd be nothing new
Not enough content yet for me to feel up to posting it
Not really talking productivity on WD terms
Hard to say what I'm looking for right now, having just come off the tail end of a very demanding engineering project
I tried chipping in some thoughts re: the skills rework today.
Wasn't in the right mindset, I think
Didn't make much headway
Don't think so, and also, at present I'm only capable of playing Steam games at the lab
Have only a Chromebook, use my lab tower for games while my simulations are compiling
I won't be back in the lab for a while, what with wrapping up the project
Haven't done much, video-games wise, for about half a year. A smidgen of Isaac from time to time, but that's about it.
Might try to get some headway on my own writing, but I think the long and short of it is that I've finished a big engineering related project, leaving my writing/etc. related projects short on momentum.
Something to get the ball rolling in any respect
o/
Wow! Late dinner today, Ace
Take care of yourself
Ah, I understand
30 is a round number, Non. You're on a roll, it seems
I've been looking for something like that mysef
*myself
Have motivation, lack momentum.
Hm-hmm.
Didn't really have that punch to it
Not yet. Still got to run Nona and Dol this week.
And clean up the Arc 14 logs, which I'm feeling lazy about
Such high expectations!
Don't let us down, Dol.
I'll need to send this to Teller when he gets back. We probably have enough grounds for a holy tribunal.
It was in another channel, Non
Sorry for the confusion
I couldn't roll the die because there wasn't a dicebot available
But really, why wouldn't you jump at the chance to burn someone at the stake?
It's good fun, and also warm
Morning
That's "if God wills it", right?
Not doing too bad. Weirdly, am starving.
Yeah, "God willing" is the English analogue AFAIK.
Made friends with a different Nonagon today on the Miitomo app
Made me surprised, a bit, since it's not a particularly common handle
Guess it depends on the community, Xtree
Second time I've seen it used, all in all
He said it was hon. discharge only
_seen Vulstag
Gwurgh, sleepy day
Anything neat going on?
A little too dozy to run something at present, but what else do you have in mind?
It's one of the tabs in the detail gwnerator
I gave a vague direction with a typo.
Yep v
*.
Hi, Non, I'm online.
I'll be ready to run you anytime today that's convenient.
Works for me.
It was either 4 dodge or 2 dodge 2 barrage.
I'm fine with it, either way.
Does anyone recall, off the top of their head, how much cash DEPT 64 pulled in after they nabbed Tunguska?
Thanks!
Yeah, he was a 6/6 rated gang lieutenant. Fair point.
Mmm, also fair. What can you buy with $20k (in the context of a PRT department)?
You can pay off the Youth Guard's Ward fines! :D
You could outfit a PRT squad with some really nice stuff.
But just one squad.
I'm guessing it varies by department, but I'm not entirely sure.
That makes more sense.
Good ol' AJ.
Mmm, I don't believe you do.
There was a different Longinus that took part in Julius Caesar's assassination, IIRC.
Ah, I get you
  BRB for a little bit, moving over to the library.
Hmm... your call. I don't mind going on / skipping to arrival, but it's a clear cutoff point so if you'd like to pick it up another time later this week or early next, I'd be fine with that as well.
Nach is biding her time, so it seems.
Your session serves as a neat segue into 15, so it actually works out for me.
You're right about the cutoff, chronologically speaking, but it's a good lead-in to what's going to happen soon, or at least part of it.
So we could keep going, or I'd give you priority as one of the earlier sessions in 15 (since your actions would be likely to influence certain parts of the narrative). It comes out to the same thing, roughly speaking.
Roger that.
Going by time approximations, I'm assuming he's sleeping.
Hey, what d'you know.
Get some rest, Ace! Gotta be bright and fresh for Lausanne tomorrow.
It's not a /bad/ solution.
The more problems a method solves, the better the method, no?
I dunno if I'm usually this verbose. Sorry if I keep spewing walls of text at you today, heh.
Be back in a second
Back, sorry about that.
Taking care of some kiddos at the library.
Kiddos have been dealt with.
Did kill one of them, actually.
And, perhaps, Sigma.
Please do not turn my campaign into Team Fortress 2.
I will be cross with you.
I just think it's so funny that it's the first thing that came to mind / what she said.
"Please leave me alone, I dindu nuffin, just came here to murder a homeless man in cold blood, I don't want no trouble, see?"
Yeah, I've just been truncating the 'Russian' to save time. Sorry about the confusion.
_seen Teller
Programming channel, I'd wager
I'm looking forward to seeing some more Sicol.
Pleased, in particular to be seeing tubes and Panda.
I'm uncertain how much I can do to assist in thinning the herd. Bel may be the better person to ask on that front.
That was fun, thanks Non!
Drifter, innit?
Hiya, Nan.
Bananke.
o/
Who're we talkin' about?
Conquest, not Pestilence
Mhm. Converted his body into a suicide drone manufactory.
He's full of bees!
Tongue-in-cheek and not actually meant to imply anything, but Redcap and Wink's power have debuff effects that I've nicknamed "On a Red Horse" and "On a White Horse" respectively.
The prior Famine had an LoS biomass siphon that fueled his regeneration.
I think I'm going to check out the brothel and purchase the services of some pale whores.
There's no upper limit to his regeneration, so around the time of his death, he was approximately a roiling, cancerous mass of flesh.
For just two dudes in a truck, those Z fellas seem to have a lot of resources
Hue.
I think you should fight me.
No, she's a "bounty hunter". :P
Here are some pictures of the Z tinkertech suits, for reference:
o/
YellingBug.exe
I'm rooting for you, Ace.
You need to survive so we can fight.
Dice superstition is a great part of the tabletop community, tbh.
Hm. Are these centipedes edible?
Counterpoint.
Your session has been fun to watch, Ace.
I wish you good luck.
I can't imagine what it's like for the civilians who have to live in Screaming Centipede Neighborhood.
Mind if you take the !8ball rolls to #BlushyPlayground, guys?
Straight Outta Screamingcentipedehood
Woo! Go, Ace, go!
Hey, I ran away and managed it.
Yeah, that was Armada
Well, throwing myself out of a window
The other guy was just a coincidence.
Hm, was that roll one Brawn and one Ath, or roll one die with both modifiers?
I'm rooting for you!
Oni, your heckling is kind of grating.
Because she'll be dead, and dead people can't have children.
They're centipede orphans!
Boh?
Wildboh?
:0
No mercy. Yowza!
Cashy didn't want that lady breathin'.
You've gotta meet Boh first.
That was a fantastic session to watch.
SCG has a honeymoon incoming, so he'll be nigh-impossible to contact, I suspect.
He got married less than a year ago, I'd say maybe six-to-eight months?
Either way, he told me that his schedule should clear up around the latter half of April.
I'll be very free for the foreseeable future, having completed two major projects and waiting on the machine shop before I can resume, but I'll be out of the country in mid-May for two weeks, roughly, in Europe, so time zone difficulties will probably kick my butt.
Graz, Austria - Engineering conference for the majority of one week, then using the remainder of the trip as an opportunity to visit Europe, as it'd be my first time there.
I'd be within train-riding distance to Lausanne. :P
When you have an army of screaming centipedes, any house can be yours!
Are you going to make a fuss about it?
Yep.
This help?
You're playing a homebrew tabletop game when one of the NPCs bashes your goddamn chest in with a baseball bat. The rules are fucking broken, you rant, upending the game table. One hit from a fucking baseball bat and the PC you worked so hard on is toast? Trigger.
He's doing it manually, so I don't think so.
(read: RPed poorly)
Yeah, that makes sense.
Helps to go over little grammar things, too, for me.
It does remove join/parts
Well, some of 'em
Which is still dead?
Rest in spaghetti
You came out of that fight with your organs leaking out of every orifice you had!
Live long enough, get known as the Behemoth deathwish dude
Fir, I think you're just flat-out giving yourself the Oni Lee flaw, haha
I like what you've done with this char, Fir.
He's always a treat to run.
He spends his life straddling the line, it seems - all those dichotomies you mentioned. Makes for an interesting character.
Makes for an interesting shard candidate, too!
He's definitely gotten a /lot/ more depth.
!quote 63
Asking in the other channel may yield better result.
*results.
!8ball Should I protect this quavering cretin?
I'm looking forward to your next session, Ace.
Hiya, Dol
No school for you today, right, Saff?
Pfhahaha! It's 70 degrees here :p
Just a scheduling thing.
Thinking if I have enough content to run you solo or just skip to a duo session/conversation with Non.
Will PM you when I get home w more details.
A refreshing beverage, one would hope.
Going through my raw logs, I'm impressed at the size of some of them.
You guys are swell. Thanks to my players, who have breathed far more life into Cleveland than I ever did.
Shush, let me get a little teary-eyed.
Mega just impressed me with an excellent deduction, too.
That might work. I'm afraid I might fall back to old habits - "muscle memory" of playing her resurfacing, and pushing her towards being more flat / one-note again. Would you be opposed to my rerolling a new character from scratch?
Sorry, secret session, Tuz.
I dunno if it merited secrecy - I was the one who called for the S channel to be used - but it largely depends on what unfolds / what was disclosed. Afterwards, if Mega is comfortable with it, I could publish it for your perusal.
Oh, hi, Misery. Are you a new face around here?
Since June or July, if my memory serves me well, Dol.
Nice to have you here, Misery. Feel free to ask me, if you have any questions.
You've come on a good day for us, with two sessions active.
With Bel piping up, a third. (Two and a half, more likely.)
That works for me, Bel. #WDCleveland then?
I've got about the same amount of time as you do (perhaps slightly less).
Please remind me to leave at around 4:45 CST, as I've got to pick someone up from the airport.
Geez, my arcs are just getting fatter and fatter.
Fair warning to Mega|Mendez and Bel|Dags - I have to head out in twenty minutes. I'm available all of tomorrow to continue, that being said.
You can see the rough trend as my average session and arcs grow longer and longer.
The final fight with Longinus ended up making this arc beat out Behemothfight, which surprised me.
Oh, wow!
The Longinus fight just so happened to be the 100th session of Cleveland.
Serendipitous.
I hope I can one day run a more mystery-aligned campaign, like Grantsville.
One arc away. Just finished formatting them.
Session doc will be up to date tomorrow.
it is, but I don't think I can get to the degree to which teller made Grantsville
those logs are a goddamn street, I have read them three times already in full.
i'm still running it, it's just the Cleveland takes precedence.
Gah, just missed Mega
Hope he'll be back today
Oh, heya, Meg.
Would you be up to continuing your session in roughly 3 hours?
I have to do some grocery shopping first.
Tomorrow seems to be the plan, Thal.
Probably around 1 or 1.5 hours from now but tomorrow, as far as a starting time (if that works for the two of you).
I have an art festival and a sakura matsuri to attend tomorrow, but I'm planning on slipping away early under the pretense of needing to complete labwork.
Not a complete lie. I'll be ordering some actuating screws when I run you guys.
Preparations for Woolyboar's upcoming session are largely complete, though he may have a pre-session wherein he interacts with Mega which would need some scheduling.
I'll chime in with what I can. Out grocery shopping at the moment.
Oh, wow!
New folks.
Need some help with the up-sprucery of the Weaverdice subreddit, Bow?
@ Nonagon - I recall you had some complaints with how the sign-up for Sicol Bend was handled - any suggestions you might have to improve a similar process?
e.g. definite start and cutoff dates?
Hey XL. New here?
Mhm!
I'm actually about to upload Arc 14.
Hm, that's what I did for Cleveland during the bit where you and Thalia got in, isn't it?
Yo.
Give me, mm, an hour?
Formatting Arc 14, driving to work.
What happened?
Ah, cool.
I'll send Pas de Deux to fight you. Tag-team battle!
Ha! I was thinking 'crane game / UFO drop' Shaker
2:33 PM <Belaris> It's a writing day. I'd say go with 'yes'
:P
@ Winged - Here are some logs of the session you missed.
There we go.
Arc 14 is up. Still needs some cleaning, but it's readable.
Fancy necklace?
Ah.
Yeah. Give me 12 minutes and I'll be ready.
Woo!
Mm, give me two ticks. Resolving a work issue.
I'm ready to resume, Mega.
Not sure if it's necessary (was thinking about links to campaign logs, new player guide written by Nonagon, et cetera).
Where in New York are you, tubes?
What are some good campaigns to show newbies, to help them get a good feel of the game? Lausanne and Sicol come to mind.
Don't think mine would fit the bill, as they'd read the oldest sessions first, which aren't that helpful.
And I get the impression that Tell might feel the same way about Grantsville.
But it's very polished, and every roll is annotated.
That's the stuff that I'm thinking about - stuff that really shows the mechanics in play.
If it's just those two, it's fine.
Was just making sure I hadn't overlooked anything.
Oh, that's a very fair point.
If you have any in mind, do let me know.
Oh, sweet, dude.
Let me know if you're looking for any joints to eat at.
I loved my trip to Manhattan, got fat as fuck. It was great.
He's doing fine!
He's enjoying a nice beach vacation.
Just wrapping this up with Mega and then it will be.
Hmm, what do you mean by that?
Er, what distinguishes, say, Arc 12 from Arc 13?
It's mostly making sure every player gets their turn, though obviously some story bits have been resolved.
Generally one big thing ends up getting resolved, but that may just be coincidence.
Gundog!
The best sidekick
I'm loving the Tinkerdoc as a whole, though I'm especially happy to see Fields of Specialty get some love.
Hm. I just thought of something.
Hey, soulpelt| - look at this.
Yeah. Doesn't the escaped Brute look kind of familiar?
Atlanta is a reasonably sensible place to be, between Miami and Vancouver, no?
Couldn't make this stuff up if I tried.
I'm excited to tune into Sicol.
I wonder how Pas de Deux did, while I was busy selling out to the Brotherhood?
Sicol should be starting up soon, Tuz.
Sorry the one I'm running right now is Secret.
Too much confidential information being divulged.
Hoagie is one of the more dangerous sorts, to be fair.
Which is why I'm going to try and payroll her!
I mean, Deep Six did it already
Tried and true!
Woohoo!
The wheels are turnin'.
Yeah. Classic funeral opener.
Go for it! I'm free.
You say that in jest, Hiero, but... that seems to be holding pretty true.
Yeah, it does.
Harsh.
Wait, how does it go?
[x] rude [x] true [x] same
Ah, you beat me to it.
Non is the MVP that Weaverdice needs.
I've had similar problems, Empy.
The Goop Side
Why didn't you count Pas de Deux twice?
[x] rude [x] true [x] same
Wait, shit, he's the kill order guy!
Ten bucks wasted. :(
I don't want to beat the rude/true/same thing to death, but true
and rude, and same
True, most villains aren't very mourned.
Coldhand comes readily to mind.
They TP'd his corpse and nobody shed a tear.
Oh, on the subject of unmourned deaths
As promised, queue's open.
110%.
Tuz, Soma, any others, have logs you want to submit to me?
Tomorrow I get the ball rolling in more ways than one.
Good choice, Tuzi.
I'll offer you the opportunity to reclaim Embody, if you're interested, though I'm happy either way you go.
Are you UTC-5, Tuzi?
Is it 9pm for you or 10?
-4, actually
It's 9pm for me
Hmm. We'll discuss it at further length, in the case that you get in. I'd be approaching it similarly to how Pink has treated much of Detroit's high-school aged characters, I suspect.
@ Empy - I'd give players the option to roll from the main trigger list, but I have a list of trigger events written for the campaign in specific.
The latter would generally offer some pre-existing hooks for the story in the trigger, as well as have a focus on power classes I feel might be underrepresented in Cleveland.
Actually, just kidding. All tinkers.
The rule of thumb is inducing trauma with the intent of causing a trigger leads to failure, Grey.
Dark Society being an exception to said rule.
Thalia - your tinker power affords you control of the dicebots in the channel
I know the bit you're referencing, Grey - Doctor Mother says something much to that effect near the end, if I'm not mistaken
Of course, Cogo
Got logs for me?
Ah, I suppose I'm due a reread as well
Just one, a favorite of yours
I'd be perfectly happy to accept a log of your GMing, Cogo.
Yes, good. Feed me your hate, Brainscab.
Same goes for you, Kurama - GM logs would be fine.
BRB, driving for a bit, I'll read it in a bit.
Had planned for roughly four hours from now, but night falls for Mega first and Thal and I should have no problems
Lots of good dogs at the art festival today
Thinking about making a dogspotting channel
OK, starting up the #dogspotting channel. Lots of primo dogs out here at the festival today.
Reddit isn't the most user-friendly but a lot of folks seem to have gotten here via reddit or have caught wind of WD from the rules or logs posted there
I was one of those people, IIRC, referred via SCG's post feat. Detroit and Grantsvill
*Grantsville
Some newcomers are GMs, tuz
You are neither a newcomer or a GM!
There is a GM guide, Ace
In the projects link, Ace
On my phone or I'd give it to you directly
Still in testing, Chrono.
Hope to get that fired up for a new player to put it through its paces.
Stealin my thunder I see
Back and ready, Mega?
Gimme five minutes to get ready / wake up.
Thalia! Ready?
Not yet, Cogo. Conked out when I got back yesterday.
Let me get the introductory post started, then I'll return to bookkeeping stuff.
Hey, CG|Gomez - how many sessions have you run thus far?
o7
Hmm, what are the odds?
Plenty of good ways to justify a new cape coming, actually, heh.
Four, if I'm to give a rough approximation.
No, JL, the queue is open for sign-ups.
I'll be picking one or more players on the conclusion of Arc 15. Just let me know if you're interested.
I get the sense that you're biding your time until Lilith is no longer a problem, Pink. :|
Sure. Do you have any logs you'd like to submit?
(To both Zai and JL)
I figured your GM status earned you some brownie points, Cogo.
To clarify: don't use the suggestion feature to add yourself to the list - let me know your interest, present me with logs and your timezone, and I'll add you.
Sure, by all means. Just one, though.
Your favorite (one you feel is most representative of your RP style).
Not really a queue, so to speak, just a waiting lottery
More tickets, based on RP quality and other factors
Want to slip me a session, Pink?
Was waiting on that.
Whatever you feel best showcases your RP / writing style (though, in the context of WD would be better, as it translates more directly)
Surely you don't want to be Newkid forever!
Yeah, that was the one I usd.
*used.
If you find the problem persists, you might try signing up for an IRCcloud account. It's cloud-based, so you'll be able to stay online even when your connection is disrupted.
Darn, you beat me to it!
Yeah, we generally type "$trigger" and an extant trigger is pulled from a spreadsheet. Everyone but the person who rolled generates a power based on it.
If you want to try the $trigger function, you can do so in the #gamedesign channel.
Mm, I think that's all I need from you, Mega. Next RP thing for you should be when the new capes turn up.
wake Wink up
wake Wink up inside
(can't wake up)
Hi Kaziklis and Beys
A snecret session
Snake secret
Heads up, Thal|Fidler and Bel|Dags - I'll have to head out in roughly 20 minutes. Hoping to wrap up the former and continue the latter another day.
Are you telling me that the Tragedy of Moderate Bash didn't stir your calloused heart
You devil
The ambiguity adds to the humor, I feel.
Productive day today. Feels good.
Not even I'm safe!
Astute.
Yeah, that's right. Crawl away, Nancy No-Legs.
Cry behind a dumpster some more, you sniveling wretch!
I remain hopeful that my flesh yields good results for Allele and her work.
My beautiful sons!
I'm looking forward to your take on Chacal, Pelt.
I tend to like bullet points in my characters.
It gives me tangible and easily differentiated facets to touch upon in narration.
Sure. You'll pardon my intermittent replies, I'm currently out and about b
*.
Feel free to ask, however
!8ball Will Ace pay for this vile treachery and defamation of this channel's beloved dicebots?
Hmm. Concerning.
I'll take matters into my own hands.
I'm constantly loyal to Cashy, for better or for worse.
As a GM, the ccccccccccccxffffffffffffccccccdcccccc vfffcvb               rgrcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
Whoops, sorry. Cat on the keyboard.
Completely derailed my train of thought.
Ah, right. As a GM, the convenience of having the dice-bot in the channel can't be beat.
Also, the 2h6 or +1! functionalities are very useful, given Weaver Dice.
The +1! function, which applies the modifier to each die roll.
F'rexample...
Ta-dah!
Hey, XL. I'm about to head to bed, but if you have any questions I'll be on for most of tomorrow.
Otherwise, the night owls here will (probably) be glad to help you.
Night, all.
!addquote <Antioch> As a GM, the ccccccccccccxffffffffffffccccccdcccccc vfffcvb               rgrcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
Morning.
Well, afternoon, really.
Whoa, what, today?
^
Still some prep I need to do on that front, albeit minimal, and some more info that I need to pass along.
Happy Bowthday, perhaps?
Damn. Figured as much. I'm slow to the punch, today.
Running fifteen minutes late for a meeting, in fact.
Hey, Ili. Mind shortening your name?
Hey, cool.
Turns out Snowbird is very close to finishing Worm.
30.
One of my old players.
Not that I'm aware of, sorry.
Sure. Do you have any prior RP experience you'd like to declare?
I may run you through a WD one-shot, to get an idea for how you play, and help you get a little more familiar with the mechanics.
It'd be one-on-one, Serk, but I can do two one-shots sometime within this week.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah. Which logs have you seen (directed to both Ilidirim and Serk)?
Here's some stuff for you to peruse, so you can see a rough approximation of my GM style.
The logs extend to May of last year, so the more recent ones may be more representative of how I write.
Okay, how familiar are you with character creation, Ilidirim?
This is a guide written by Nonagon. It should help you get a grasp of the specifics.
When you're done reading this (and I recommend this guide to Serk as well) let me know, and I'll get started on generating characters for you, with respect to one-shots.
With that in mind, Serk, would you mind rolling 2d30 for me, please?
Please choose one of the two trigger events.
Sure. Would you mind typing '$luck' for me?
As per Power Flaw 34, could you type '$roll 1d6' to determine your benefit?
To expedite the one-shot process, unfortunately, the power has already been pregenerated.
Hmm, okay, QoL benefit.
With the trigger and flaw in mind, go ahead and start putting together a character sheet. Let me know if you need assistance, or a link to a character sheet template.
*flaws
Sure. I'll ask you to do the same, Ilidirim - roll 2d30.
Yep.
Sure. Luck roll, if you please?
Well, I'll select paranoid, for the Apocrypha flaw, since it fits very nicely with the trigger.
And I'll leave the specifics of the Illiteracy flaw to your discretion.
Drop me a line when either of you have finished your character sheet, and let me know if you need any help.
The one I linked is my preferred version, if you don't mind.
I'll wait until the sheet is done to give details regarding the powers.
Enough to where there's a severe detriment to your everyday life - overwhelming compulsion to trap all feasible entryways/exits, for example, or a neurosis that makes it near-impossible to form alliances/friendships.
I'd say that Wits is more applicable here.
Someone who builds traps, constantly hyperaware of their surroundings and any present danger.
When their wits fail them, they panic, their power flips out.
Pink's suggestion seems very apt.
Kudos.
You talkin' shit about my maid outfit?
The amount of skills you can have is limited by your knowledge stat, yeah.
And if you happen to want to put 4 pips in one skill, make sure that the governing stat of said skill is 4 or higher.
Oh, thanks, Mega.
Credit to Thalia, for the inspiration.
Heya, Tell.
The two 1d100s I rolled yesterday were actually just encounter rolls for the PRT/Protectorate patrols in Borgata and University.
Oh, no. That won't happen until the end of this new Arc.
Nothing worth writing home about, at least, Mega.
Hey, Camtist.
A new face to this chatroom?
Glad to have you.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Not quite what I had in mind for the event. Largely providing some opportunities to shed light on other NPCs, allow for character development.
I've got high hopes that this wave of newcomers will yield some prospective GMs.
Sure, what's up?
Ah, just use a standard copy-paste and use Pastebin to record it.
That's what I did, back when I was on Kiwi, heh.
PvP
It's very possible? Yesterday was extremely busy, so it may have slipped by.
No problem.
Glad you enjoyed it.
Alright, I'll be running a quick one-shot for Ilidirim in #WDTerreHaute.
Feel free to come by and take a gander.
Yep. The double-bars indicate that I'm done, and it's your turn.
Once your done, finish your post with || as well.
_seen Panth
Hiya, Sol.
Have I seen you here before? I get the feeling you're a newer face.
Not too bad. I'm in the midst of running a session for Ilidirim in #WDTerreHaute, if you're interested in spectating.
PMing you, soulpelt|.
Yeah. Nothing fancy, like villain-type masks, but the usual balaclavas that you might expect. They pulled them on, just before entering.
The apparent leader with the Tinkertech clip is not the one taking a hostage.
Might be a bit slow, gonna drive home.
The road wouldn't work. Stuff you can grab in one or two hands is the norm - baseballs, gun clips, a wad of cloth, et cetera.
Back, incidentally.
Whoops, sorry for the wait.
Had to take care of something.
Any channel starting with Worm also is good.
No problem.
Hmm. Do you know why Leet's shard was so intent on sabotaging him?
I can see the same shortcomings, reflected in your character.
I'd point at being overcautious and eagerness to retreat being one of the primary concerns - they're not traits that are conducive to the shards, nor are they too conducive to a dynamic, interesting narrative.
Redcap's shard penalizes her for being unambitious and setting a low bar by lashing out, forcibly escalating the situation for her.
Yes, Axle. The queue is open for a good while.
Shorter name, to clarify for Belaris.
Do you have any prior experience RPing, Axle?
Morn', CoGo.
Pass the thanks and praise on to Teller - he's the one who designed it.
I stand my position that Spelt likes the new system better for how busted it makes Wink as a combat cape.
The goddamn untouchable.
Not this early in the morning.
If the mood strikes me, I might run something later today.
Serk's next in line for TH, and I'm not too much in the mood for it today.
Could update the PRT's files for the capes in Cleveland.
That's something that needs doing.
I've more or less finalized the reboot of Vancouver.
But it's something that'll have to wait, as I don't want to run two full-scale campaigns simultaneously.
No idea.
I should finalize Flint stuff. Really just stalled on Ace's thing, if I buckle down and make myself sit down and focus on it I should be ready to move onto week 2.
Cleveland isn't really a /finite/ campaign, so to speak. There are overarching plotlines, but they're all largely character-driven.
After Auswahlen, everything cool or big that's happened in the city has been catalyzed by PCs.
I really only see Cleveland ending once the city's in an unsteady equilibrium or the PRT are forced either bring the hammer down or slap it with an HOSV designation. The former being more likely, given that it's a city with a department.
That being said, the sheer number of Tinkers currently extant is liable to throw things out of whack.
Hive of scum and villainy
W/r/t Flint? You'll see what happens to Lavos, but I won't be taking newcomers
Not definitely, but he's been absent for awhile.
_seen lostavocado
Darn, another potential GM lost.
I hold out hopes that we'll be able to recruit more GMs from newcomers in these upcoming days.
Camtist showed a lot of promise, being willing to take up the mantle on their first day here.
D'you want to give GMing Terre Haute a spin, pelt?
I can pass on some of the modules to you, once they've gotten some more polish.
Mm, another thing to do on the list. :P
As well as the attempt to revive r/weaverdice.
I'm hoping to make a masterpost for the subreddit, since the topic doesn't really lend itself well to letting people know what WD resources and logs and documents and et cetera are available to them.
Yeah - I'm hoping to cover the gaps he left, focusing more on specifics rather than generalities - campaign documents, logs, and an array of 'new player guides' (largely authored by Nonagon).
The getting started guide was particularly useful, yesterday. Received nice and polished character sheets from Ili and Serk.
I don't think the two are mutually exclusive, Vern. Rather the opposite, really.
Given that the stickied post of the Weaverdice subreddit is a direct referral to the IRC, I'd say there's no conflict of interest, yeah?
Sure, it's not the most user-friendly site, but a startling majority of IRC users were referred to here via Reddit.
Best to capitalize on that.
I'm the guy who maintains the Gdoc that collates the assorted info, but it's kind of a pain in the ass.
Updating it falls to the wayside when I'm wanting to tackle the fun stuff, like GMing or writing.
It's a lot more accessible.
I'd feel a lot more payoff, posting something there, as opposed to in the topic. Rarely see people pull up the Projects doc, for example.
The wiki is in the works, actually.
Eh. There's no harm in using Reddit as a place to collect WD docs.
As someone who was referred to this IRC via reddit, it doesn't hurt to make it such that referred newcomers are alreadyacquainted with the rules
Let me restate - what's the hurt in it, Vern?
I don't get why you're so vehemently opposed to the concept when it has no active detriment to the community.
Like I said earlier, the wiki is in the works.
It's difficult to put a wiki together, and we've been working on it since... January?
Put together, as in install the requisite frameworks and shells and et cetera.
And you say this after multiple people, myself included, piped up saying that it was reddit that referred them?
Can't say I get why you're so against this.
Oh, I forgot you were a mod there. Thanks, Bel.
Was meaning to do that myself after asking Bow to give me permissions.
Oh, thanks, Bel. I'll tackle that later this afternoon.
You should just stay cooped up in the lab all day, alternating between research and GMing, like me, Bel.
I'm the champion of the people.
Funny, that. I'm also in need of a new PSU.
What's the wattage?
Hope you had a good birthday, Bow.
DW Tinker looks very fun to play.
Looking forward to seeing the bimodal weapon tinker.
I can't believe everyone's trying to steal my thunder
You'll get 'em next time, boyo.
I prefer it to Mibbit.
I looked at the correction, looked at the second 'your'
That's an impressive feat!
Let me tell you, I'm having a lot of fun with the new Tinker stuff.
Hm, right now?
Got an estimated timescale?
Darn. Did Kiwi not work out for you, Cam?
Mm, let me know when the time comes, Tuz. My future, at present, is a bit up in the air.
I'll second the IRCcloud recommendation.
Here y'are. Does require a sign-up, but there are quite a few benefits.
Can be free or paid - I've gotten by perfectly fine for the past 6~odd months free.
Still around, Mega? I'll have a treat for you, momentarily.
When I say treat, it's better read as "mean joke".
One moment, then.
Just noticed that the Trigger Event 'used trigger' tab is out of whack.
Someone sorted the trigger authors reverse-alphabetically, and I can't revert it.
It's just a natural sorting function in Gdocs.
No way to revert it to how it was (chronological) though.
Show previous versions is fine, but I can't revert to a previous version (or copy-paste from it).
You can't copy cells from the previous version history, nor revert, if you're not the doc owner.
I'll just ask Bow about it when it's not a writing day, I suppose.
It does not.
Hey, that's really swell of you, Lex.
Got any ideas? I'd be more than happy to help you get the ball rolling.
Of course.
And I'd be willing to hand you the Terre Haute modules, once they receive more polish.
"[19:02:08] <Antioch> Someone sorted the trigger authors reverse-alphabetically, and I can't revert it." That shouldn't be possible.
Aye. My attempts to re-sort in a different order are thwarted, likely by your lock.
Ha!
Might be worthwhile just to lock the entirety of the Used column save for a few veteran members and Cashy.
Unvetted can be where the majority of people submit.
It's possible you don't have permissions for the entirety of that tab.
Mm, looks like that's the case.
Which is stupid, since you've probably submitted the most triggers out of any of us.
I added you to the main tab, in any case.
You mean on the new subreddit?
Sure, sure.
It is done.
Mind collating the requisite documents? I have a few guides in mind, but it'd be nice to be comprehensive.
My thanks.
I think it's something to do with the headeR?
*header?
I'll take a look at it when I have the time, try and make it look nicer.
Reddit is not my forte, sadly.
If there's a way to crib nice formatting from a more well-regarded subreddit, 
Beat me to it. :0
Rather intuitive of a link, isn't it?
;P
Oh, hey, Oni - could you remove the Pregen Powers and Parahuman for Quest links from your post?
Barring that, Non, could you restrict the permissions on that doc, such that it doesn't spoil Terre Haute content?
No biggie.
Might help to add some context to the links, too, and use the [reddit link formating](linkgoeshere) to make the post look tidier.
It's a good day.
Serk, you around?
I'm ready to run you.
No problem, just let me know when you get back.
#WDTerreHaute, then.
That's because you haven't finished transferring your bank account information
Try it again, but put in your SSN
_seen panth
Pah! Two sessions run using his module concept and he's not here for me to show him the results
@ Serk|Filament - Feel free to add rolls to your actions, if you're so inclined. For some of the self-explanatory ones, like attacks, I certainly won't mind.
How about I have you play a corporate cape surreptitiously under the employ of Indiana business magnate Stuart Sanderson, sent to monitor the situation and undermine the efficacy of the Primus corporate capes?
Thanks for the idea about Wink's father, by the way. It's helped me flesh out Indianapolis.
Caller ID is a thing that exists, but it's dispatch policy in a lot of states to ask for the number regardless.
Pushing her to take the police job versus a PRT job, despite the better pay / benefits.
Huh, I must have missed that, Thal.
Oh, Mega?
No Kearneys in the transfer squad, unfortunately.
I'll bear that fact in mind when I resurrect the Atlanta campaign, or leave the framework as a pick-up module for another interested GM.
Given the depth of Turncoat involvement, I wouldn't be opposed to giving that campaign sufficient polish and information such that Spelt could take the reins, were he willing / interested.
The city, or the campaign?
Heh. Bear in mind I've never been in Cleveland my entire life.
Interlude and Grimm, from my notes
Hire an espionage Tinker to replace all of the coffee in the building with a decaffeinated variant.
Aye, I think that was one I wrote myself to fill a narrative role
Dunno how much I have, but I'll check in a few.
Fidler Crab vs. Rock Lobster
I recommend it!
Apparently, the gangsters attacking Filament are miserable fuck-ups who have never been in a real fight in their lives.
The dicebot seems to favor you today, Serk.
You're just hallucinating all of these attacks! Secretly, you've been beaten up and left in a dumpster since before this session started!
;o
Mental Affliction and Power Down
Any thoughts on how I handled it, Non?
I thought it was a very interesting take on the usual 'Breaker invulnerability' trait.
Sure, JL. I've seen enough of you to place you in the Cleveland queue outright, but if you want to take a swing at Terre Haute beforehand I won't be opposed.
Cool. Thursday, maybe?
Thursday's sort of contingent on if I manage to get my projects out of the way at that point. Otherwise, I'm thinking Sunday's also workable.
I'll play it by ear, as I see you in here often enough I can't imagine we'd run into a scheduling problem.
Hey, Thalia. Do you want me to make a 'capes of Eugene' document following the same format as Cleveland and Sicol?
Nah, 'scool. I'll keep it in mind.
I might take you for another spin in TH, Ili. Didn't really get to see much of you in action, the last time around.
Wow, a pastebin linking to more pastebins.
That's fucked up, why did I do that?
Yep, you got it, Non.
Wouldn't mind running CoGo again sometime, honestly. I like his character, I like his power.
'twas because I decided to run you as freshly triggered, on a whim.
Whaaaat? What was morbid, Tuz?
:|
Oh, okay, fair enough.
Yeah, yeah, since all the PCs know literally jack shit.
Makes sense.
Of course, Cogo. Let me finish making dinner first.
Bwahahahaha.
Just received some good (non-WD related news).
Whoa! misplaced the heck out of that closing parenthesis.
I dunno if getting married is a "bwahahaha" occasion, Firlz.
!addquote <Nonagon> Bwahahaha. I tricked a woman into marrying me.
That's a good, solid quote. Hilarious, intentionally taken out of context, and succinct.
Usually in the evenings, and he prefers weekends.
With my hair getting a lot more unruly, it's not an unfair comparison.
>tfw panda starts doing the greentext games again
Oh, lookie loo, Panda.
Teller's back.
As someone who's actually done that, it's kind of a hassle. Would advise against.
Might still do it, because it's cool and awesome, but doesn't change the fact that it's pretty inconvenient.
o/
That's a pretty controversial statement, Ilidirim.
Wouldn't want you riling up the chat.
I might run Terre Haute in 4.5 hours.
Oh! Panth!
You're back!
In your absence, have run more TH.
Possibly? Might extend the offer to other newcomers, like Axle or Camtist (or any other new / interested party)
Oh, hello, ir_fane, are you a new face?
The PastePastebinPastebinPastebinbin rather.
Yeah, the latter two logs are the new ones.
Modules 1A and 1B, actually.
Bank wasn't too bad, I think, encounter difficulty wise, but his power wasn't as well-suited for that particular scenario
Whereas Serk's power thrived in a gang fight
The latter
Though they both expressed their intent to be solo heroes
There are enough extant Tinker vials on the list already, methinks.
Here comes the new boar, same as the old boar.
Mind if I take a look, Bel?
Yeah, historymaking - I believe the Eugene application process was linked to you yesterday evening. That'd be my recommendation, if you're seeking entry into a game.
If you need it re-linked, let me or Teruzi know.
Grocery shopping
One sec
Ironically, oni, the space you put in my name to avoid pinging me still did :p
@ Wildbow - Sorry for delay, here's the campaign map.
Am updating, at present.
Hmm, honestly don't remember, Serk.
Eagleton could be a good newbie campaign.
;)
Puttering along, largely for my own entertainment.
I don't think so, Words. I'm assigning dates in the notes, and listing the events in chronological order.
Oh, guess it's already been done.
Thanks, Vern!
Humorous that the extant campaigns in the US seem to be along the country's borders / coasts.
They're playing ring-around-the-rosie with Denver.
Harsh
But then you look at the PRT department locations on the map Vern linked
Hm-hm. What should I do?
Birdsnow
Waiting on Virus template before I move forward with that.
Eat it, weenie.
Bwahahaha.
Probably.
On what?
Oh, for Doric?
Yeah, easy. Working on something similar, presently.
New campaign, yes.
Did some tinker things. Made some stuff for Tuzi, it's his to disclose as he pleases.
Here's another thing, which I largely did for the heck of it.
Didn't bother to add the actual stats and stuff, just wanted to see how the stuff I cooked up meshed with the current formatting
Sorry, should say Architect, not Citadel
Hm. Do want to make a Tinker Table for Avalon, now, though
The thing I put together for Tuz.
Having a lot of fun, fooling around with the fields of specialty. I'm curious to see how much mine might coincide with Bow's, if he happens to do the same ones in the future
Faction elements?
Advice on how to make them more important / plot relevant?
Oh, you mean, like, the OOG gang /villain mechanics?
:P
Hit a bump in the road wrt imagining a Monolith Tinker in action (Chaos x Architect)
"This is my beautiful house, which I woke up in upon triggering, and have no recollection of"
Exaggerating a bit, just trying to think of how a cape like that would operate
Concrete "real life" examples help me flesh out specs/build lists
Strange Mood dwarf fortress mechanic
Haha
I'll be able to get a better idea, seeing more half-chaos tinkers in action
Trying to think of canon examples
I'm the ether, in this particular scenario.
All things flow from me.
Possibly but likely tomorrow
Have to finish one loading sim so I know which FSRs to buy
No underscore, incidentally
Was a burger from back in March. Ribeye, gouda mac, honey jalapeno fries on the side.
Whoops! Time to move this discussion to #cooking
_tell
PM _ with the message
Memoserv works too
Nope! I'm older than Bel. Jesus b
*.
You goddamn kids.
A dash of salt
your comrades will abandon you
one by one they fall
Gimme 20 mins
Okay, Pink, I'm ready & available.
Afternoon, 'bow!
I'll kick anyone's ass.
I'll kick Malfire's ass.
I'll kick your ass.
I'll kick my own ass.
His eyesight isn't that good.
The latter. If he puts on the catcher's helmet, it'll lean towards the former.
Now convert them all into NPCs and run a campaign!
Are you treating +1s as bonus die, or the usual?
Oops, shoulda been 3h6.
The big guy directly in front of him, who made the cat comment
Go fur it.
#MotorCity
Gah! I did it with the d instead of the h again
Withstand inapplicable?
I'll get a +1 due to MA, if he is less of a ninja master than I
I keep doing it! Augh!
That's why I didn't call up my ninja team
Fwahaha. I was already there!
It looks really good. Steely Eyed is a cool specialty, especially.
Someone just pocket-sands you and you glare at them.
I dunno, but they should.
Pocket sand is OP.
A racist stranger, mind you.
'tis up there, a measly 5.
With the wings, maybe I should get a metal bird cape name
Welcome back!
The former.
Wow! Full house!
One sec, Pink
Drivin
I have one slot open right now! There's a pseudo-lottery going on.
More slots might open up after this arc, of course.
So 'tis. Take a look at the campaign document for entry guidelines.
These damn pigeons!
ThalAI! Kill them for me!
Sorry, man! They were too racist to live!
Here you go. It's split up into four parts.
Internet research, largely on forums/discussion, with a little bit extra, hunting down old news articles
Nah, still good
join #WDTerreHaute
Yep.
Mhm
Sorry, planned for a single-player today
Works for me, Bel.
Uh, JL, that's a very incomplete character sheet
Several games ongoing, don't spam
The former. Trigger is recent.
I recommend killing other PCs.
It's fun, brisk, and refreshing.
Kind of a maxim such that there are more willing players than GMs are able to handle, which tends to hold true in all the communities I'm in.
Hm. Out of curiosity, Marigold, have you read any logs of Weaver Dice campaigns?
@ JustLurking - First cape outing.
Nope.
No modifications to stats?
You have some skill points that remain unspent.
Twice your knowledge stat.
Based AQ
Looks good, JL, just need to alter the modifier for your stats
Done with what?
(Am still OK to continue, Pink. Just need the GM tag for log convenience w/r/t Bel.)
Bel|Dags - continuing in #WDCleveland2
RIP random guy I stabbed in the face.
Thanks for the session, Pink!
'twas great fun, except for the brutal beating I received.
Look at this delicious, duck-themed restaurant
Fit for royalty!
Bel|Dags: You have to visit this place
For research
Dags dies of food poisoning days after
The mystery deepens
Heh, sorry about that, Bel.
I just didn't want to RP five hours of him getting smashed
OOG mechanics
Morale is high! The scotch is flowing
I'm proud of you for resisting the Macallan Sherry Cask Single Malt Highland Scotch, Dags.
It will continue, sitting atop the highest shelf, singing its siren song to you.
Always.
I'm very confident that I can collab and co-GM in tandem with Cleveland.
Out of curiosity, Opt, which logs have you read?
If you end up wanting more to sate your hunger, I can direct you to a few.
There are some logs from a campaign that have recently started up at the bottom of this 'un.
No problem.
Heh, I'm much the opposite. Had neglected my meatspace players for awhile in favor of WD, Nyct.
Got back in the swing of things as of late with a homebrew campaign that seems to be picking up speed.
Ah, you're the one Thal was talking about. I knew the name was familiar.
Godspeed.
SCG mentioned wanting to do our session a little later in the arc, due to his being busy and whatnot.
o7
Yeah, that falls below the size threshold
Nope. Power pretty specifically states 'minions'
Feel free to try it
Hey, Marigold. Let me know if you need any help or assistance.
* /msg [recipient] [message]
He isn't.
Yeah, you can use the 2-pip Dodge reroll
I assume you'll be wanting to reroll the first one
Confused - Concussed, thoughts scattered.  Wits roll (4+) to identify targets, directions, where things are respective to each other.  On a failure, can still act, but targets are chosen randomly, movement runs risk of stumbling into wall.
Uh, no, it's a big warehouse
Low rolls all around! On the house!
It is, as the kids say, bangin'.
Golly, innit?
Yes, Dol
 /join is the non-truncated version
Nope, you don't have to, Lurks
#WDTerreHaute - using Panth's module system to give the newbies a shot at glory
I appreciate your creative power usage, Lurk.
Sure. I was planning on wrapping up within the next three or four posts, anyways.
Make sure you scream out Overclock for all your special moves
Play in safety?
Hahaha
Goootcha.
Not really a oneshot, btw
TH is an actual campaign, just... modular
Ahhh, serial pacing not your bag?
I'm thinking a mix of crystal, biological components, and metal/ceramics
Quadrupedal minion with catastrophic failure - aoe electrical overload, self-destruction, overheat, bioparts melting off into corrosive slurry, etc
Different tech focuses to try. War, Elemental, Life
Nope, on my phone right now
Non, hero of the people
I can link you to my alloy tinker doc if you go the metal and ceramics route
Alloy field of specialty
Like the Battalion in the TINKERS doc
Dunno if it'll offer too much of value but it's closeish
Windy in Lausanne
What's the perk stuff for, Fir?
Nah, I said Windy from Lausanne had Jack of Trades
Can't think of any ascetics save for Sword of Damocles
SoD was Cauldron Blaster/Shaker, controlled 3 sword projections
Fwahahaha. Sabotage complete
🔫🔫🔫
I like the Wolves, I hope I get to see more of them.
They have nice naming schemes.
Big Bad (Wolf), Dire (Wolf)
I can respect that.
It's too bad Schuyler is a trust-fundie little bitch who won't go near them.
I didn't really keep up with the Eris games
Yo.
What's new?
i recommend sicol bend as well.
Underwhelming howso?
Oh, Grantsville is good too.
Hahahaha
Largely why I chose it
Less of a spotlight on the setting, more a spotlight on the characters - and the larger the city, the greater the hassle it is to use as a setting
Yeah, 'tis
Editable, I mean
Atlanta, Vancouver, Minneapolis, Charlotte, Paris
RIP
That's why I didn't mention it in the RIP list
I think they had a handful of each, but fair point
Afternoon, Bow o/
Oh, tru.
'twas quite a while back, to be fair.
Oh, Bow, I played around with the Naut 4.0 stylesheet for the weaverdice subreddit, but I think the one active on the Parahumans subreddit is a different version.
Ahhh, got it.
Can move ahead and implement the older version, AFAIK it's on GitHub
Wasn't too tickled by 4.0, to be honest
You're welcome to use TerreHaute. Ask me for clarification / direction, I'll be available all evening.
I'll be working on formatting the subreddit.
PM or ping me if you're a newcomer who's interested in GMing, and I'll give you some guidance.
Bleh, can't do the spritesheets on my chromebook
Damn 'n blast, the WD rulebook header is a bit too small in resolution for the subreddit header.
Would advise against the latter.
Or, I can provide triggers with pregenerated powers.
Sure, ask your player to roll 2d30, and I'll offer them two to choose from.
No, those were done by Nonagon.
It's $roll 2d30.
Pick a trigger from the two, OptimusRhyme .
Kludging along.
The CSS refresher is welcome, that being said.
Lucky you!
Saff/Non, IIRC?
Your call, I'm just here to offer advice from the sidelines.
Woo, fixed the dumb thumbnail glitch with the CSS.
Got a feeling I might be working from a wholly different spritesheet altogether.
All that's left is to fix the link colors! :D
That's a good sheet, Opt.
And to truncate the non-Worm related stuff.
Pfeh. I'll need to do the buttons on my lab tower, can't edit the blasted spritesheet worth a damn from my Chromebook.
Well done, Opt.
Woo, links are done.
Let me see if I can wrangle the spritesheet with an online image editor.
Over time, sphere can compress contents to hyperdensity (diamondlike material)
Woo, subreddit is nice and shiny now.
Color scheme all done.
Lemme know if you see any bugs or whatnot.
Here's the header image in full:
It's currently full-res, off-center.
Should I shrink it down such that it's centered, or do you like the positioning as-is?
BizarroDice
M'kay, sidebar edited. Could you take a peek and see if there's anything else I oughta add, folks?
Hrm, what's your browser?
Mmm, cryptobloat.
CSS, commoner suppression script
Whew, I'm wiped out.
Which lad will come out on top?!
Evening, Tell.
Well done, Ilidirim, OptMiles.
I like your self-narrative style, Opt, and I think that Ili more or less has what it takes to get a campaign rolling.
I just gave some minor pointers at the outset, Tubes.
Oh, hey, ColdGold.
I forgot to mention this earlier, but I may have a 'fighting arena' setting you could use for BattleBox.
Get in touch with me after you're done GMing and I can give you the specifics, if you're interested.
oops
Night, Dol
I hear wailing in the streets
+1 to roll for indiscriminate aim is a defunct rule
Called shots are specific to certain skills
Hrm
Have been treating them as defunct
I'll check tomorrow, would likely be under Gameplay Rules of new doc
Given that he hasn't assigned that bonus to any attack roll made in Lausanne, seems likely
Hey, I'm here.
How was it?
Incredible.
That sounds pretty good.
D4 damage rules and wound tables are in the old rulebook
Which is linked in the readme in the topic
Not so much a vote for by the book
But a concern that people might not be aware of the book
"any"?
Here, I can run a quick fight simulation with annotations.
One mo while I grab my laptop.
Ditto Bel's statement. A city with a PRT numerical designation is gonna have upwards of 6 major factions and more rogues and independents besides, so it's daunting for a first try
I think that running oneshots with the expectation that they'll grow into a campaign is a fair strategy.
It doesn't, Cam, you're correct
Good number to start out with, at least.
If cape things happen, more NPCs will come naturally.
Oh?
"Flesh it out as you go" is a very valid strategy.
That's a wellwritten power for Groundskeeper, mechanically and flavorfully.
Props.
Pass me on some logs, would you?
When was this one-shot run, by the way?
Did you come up with the powers, Cam?
If someone could hook me up with the logs, I'd be mighty pleased.
The music thing in mainchat?
Clicked it
'twas good
Did you do the mechanics, CG?
dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/45674515/widgets/log_formatter.html
Did someone want a quick combat simulation, to get a better grasp on how I do wound rolls and types?
Mind if I use #WDBattleBox?
Sneak King
I'll hold onto these, format them later, and hopefully come up with more combat demonstrations later.
This was pretty generic, as fights go, I can run combat between capes as the next one.
I might use dead capes.
Did you read the logs I sent you, Cogo?
Dunno if the setting works for you, but there might be some ideas therein
Lot of new faces in chat today.
Nice.
New enough.
_seen Saff
Mhm, saw her today.
Sent her a Facebook message, hoping to schedule something this week.
Helps that Non is pretty flexible, but as CG says, you're outta commission for longer than usual.
Blackjack is big enough that the wheels keep turning, even during your absence.
Lot of cliffhangers this arc, though. More than I anticipated.
A new manager for his mattress store front business.
KFC releases the KFC Double Down, and his subordinate Doubledown abandons the gang to become a corporate cape for aforementioned franchise.
Do your best for Chacal to get his three strikes and get sent Birdcage-bound.
I love having inter-campaign stuff.
I did. Given Cauldron's attitude towards him and his current location, it seems unlikely they'd allow it.
Yeah, it was me.
Yeah, no prob. Linking you my Tinker folder.
Specs are in the New Specs folder, Alloy and Volt are complete-ish.
Am actually in the process of converting Templar's character sheet to be more compliant with the current Tinker stuff.
I know that feel, Mari. Have had to choke down muffled screaming, interacting with / receiving assistance from Bow the first few months I was here.
Impulse hasn't wholly faded, to be frank.
Pondering which specialty Reimann is (organic?) and potentially using that to inform a new spec table.
Ah, okay.
I was briefly perplexed about the other chat thing.
Oh!!
Doy.
I'm down to chat specialty stuff in #Gamedesign, by the way.
Oh, doy again.
I was wondering what Reimann's spec was when it was right in his darn vial number. Hehe.
So 'tis. Could be WIP things, mebbe.
Blubber Ball
Katamari Damacy
Protectorate numerical designations are based by populations
Barring special cases, numerical designation indicative of population (descending)
Ofc, non-numerical PRT offices still exist in small cities, but rather than having big HQs they might just have offices / municipal buildings
PRT DEPT ENE was founded due to villain presence
BB isn't too big, pop-wise, but ended up being a cape city with a big scene
What's the campaign you have in mind? I can probably lend a hand
Whyever would I stop?
@ Firlz
Waiting for my latest cyborg component to get out of the machine shop
I'm a 'food gift' kinda guy.
Doesn't translate well to long-range presents, particularly low-carb ones, but cured meats or fancy cheeses could be the solution I'm looking for.
Curry his favor with some curry flavor
This is still in the context of food, right?
:P
late 2009
"And yea, the Beast did assemble all the followers of Jesus, and he did confine them in the concentration camp under Denver International Airport. And he did pay them with false monies as recompense, whereby they bought meal plans which troubled their stomachs and caused them to seek cures from healers who were wicked in their craft."
Found that quote from a discussion btw me and a friend where we discussed DIA conspiracies and reworded them to suit the book of revelations
Which was the aforementioned
Hm-hmm. Session with Saff on Wednesday.
Prep for interaction w/ Nachzehrer, resume second half sometime during the... weekend?
Think this week is 3 chapters, so try to get Bow in the next?
Uncertain if I want to schedule a mini-session w/ interaction with Megafire.
Think much of the meat of the upcoming sessions will be informed by Bow's presence / actions.
This arc, hopefully next week or the one after. Will defer to his schedule, writing/Lausanne taking precedence
Sorta. Collaborated w/ Tell to design the power, such that it would be unknown to active Cleveland players.
Mm, on that subject, Mega, I did give you the dossiers?
If you want to discuss your gameplan, as far as receiving them goes, do let me know.
As well as highlighting priorities, perhaps.
No worries, that works as well.
Sure.
Eva, can I stack Rod's sad-ass dork cats in a cave?
soulpelt| -- to answer your question yesterday, I'll be available following this Wednesday.
Morning, y'all.
Head's slightly better.
Damn it, Pelt! Shouldn't you be studying? :P
Hey, Camtist|GM - props. Your GMing gets more polished every session.
I haven't had much chance to keep up with Madison lately, Cogo.
I'm gonna review the logs after finals.
I can say you're a consistent, dedicated GM with an impressive schedule of sessions and an excellent pace, though, and I feel relatively confident in saying that quantity generally leads to quality when writing is concerned.
:(
Her senior year, afaik b
*.
Sure. We'll both be free in a week, roughly.
frozen sewage bears
@ Firlz - wedding just ended. Longer than expected, would expect to be available at around 2.75 hrs from now (driving back).
Would a reschedule be feasible?
I'm free literally anytime tomorrow, so we can do that and I can take it slow and easy. Do some house cleaning while I'm GMing.
Smores bar.
Nope. Driving back now.
Is doable, Megafire.
On IRCcloud, there is no native function to bold or italicize.
If you want that functionality, you'll have to script it (Tampermonkey or Greasemonkey, depending on your browser).
That's only applicable for the main two channels.
Can bold in a campaign channel, IIRC.
Hyperadvanced technology?
It was a euphemism! Gosh!
When isn't he?
So, what I'm hearing is "less worldbuilding, more winging it"?
Good man.
Go for it, Firlz.
Don't forget to join #WDCleveland, Firlz|Khandy.
A Western Europe-centric parahuman organization subdivided into eight subgroups.
Details for said groups are listed in the document.
I hope your internet comedy routine improves.
Oh, darn
Who's Jessie Bumpus?
Huh, did I get them mixed up
Saff and Nonagon -- anytime you'd like to resolve the phone call this evening, I'm available and up for it.
I enjoy having agency over my own life, yeah.
Think you were wanting to glean some more details with respect to the abandoned DMH warehouse.
"Hmm, this large blotchy patch looks like 'dumb cunt' written several times over, each word bleeding into the other."
#WDCleveland2 then, Saff and Non?
No problem, Serk. PM me the pastebins or formatted logs?
How many of them will make any given girl taken from a random sample of American teens break into spontaneous weeping?
To be clowned upon by Nonagon himself is a right and a privilege.
You have to shave the date and time into Bucky's fur.
Sadly, Bucky is about as smart as a bag of assorted-flavor jawbreakers.
But he does his best.
This conversation is already better (read: worse) than I expected it to be.
I can't wait for Saff's inevitable chain of betrayals end up leading her to Beego.
!quote 305
tfw you tattoo a lengthy list of conspiracies on your own distended ballsack to Keep The Delicate Information Safe
Supplepelt and Wonderpig, hopefully.
Don't we all, TNS, don't we all?
The agency to kill lurks in all of us.
I'd liken the comparison more to Upperhand, where the vector is blood rather than gravity.
If it was Pizzicato, he would've just been decapitated.
Pizzicato's also still in New York.
Different wires to account for different heights.
No wires to account for outliers such as yourself, though.
I think this is the first time the low height has been beneficial?
The part where she got propositioned by a creep with a midget fetish and then murdered his ass is debatable.
Nice! My life was pretty alright.
Props to the GM.
Mmm, I'd argue that Longinus could and should have died a lot earlier
You played yourself
I'm happy you didn't, because a much cooler story transpired.
Thanks for the reminder! I would have, if you hadn't told me.
!search culture
It's this damn modern culture.
Wow! That's the Ouroboros Fuck Number
I hope I have more opportunities to feature Noodle in Cleveland's narrative.
Oh, no, Noodle is the cat in Firlz's session
Noodle is not the guy whose jaw-death-beating is impending
He has a much more stupid name
You'll never know, Saff.
You'll never know.
He is so fat.
Noodle is the cape, you moron!
The hints have been there from the start!
He is not. They were otherwise occupied, today.
It's a half-mask, yeah.
Does show the mouth.
Wait, that was the bodysuit he was wearing in the morning
Power-armor is full body, my bad.
Not gonna lie, I'm having a hard time imagining the distinction between actively/passively retarded.
Well, I guess that's one way to transition into nonlethality in your career as a Protectorate hero.
:|
That was a good rebuttal, Firlz. I laughed.
Now she's... Handkill?
I can't wait to see Cwn Annwn get shrekt by Nachzehrer's relentless smear campaign
The work of a single short bitch, undermining the entirety of the PRT's PR guys
Animated GIFs of Killhand stripping
Impact font memes
Rosy Palms is a taken cape name, I think? Or was it "The Palms" as a gang name
I know Five Knuckle Shuffle is a cape name
Noodle is the 98th most popular cat name on Cuteness.com.
Mind pausing in a handful of posts, Fir? I've an exam tomorrow at 11:30. Following Tuesday, I should be free nearly anytime.
Firlz|Khandy -- you here?
They are very much separate, yes.
Man, I dunno if you pushed all his buttons on purpose or not, but that was almost the quickest way to do it. :P
Man, I cannot wait to see Khandhas interact with the Primus capes.
The corporate insurance capes rebranded from Headway to Primus, as they made a switch from a focus on auto/property to parahuman-related insurance claims.
Khandhas is fun in a way that's very distinct from the rest of the other PCs, because it allows me, as the GM and shard, a more intricate and personal touch in shaping his character along the path of conflict.
Hah! For certain situations, yeah.
Touching on my previous point, if the two of us get some free time in our schedules (I'll be rather free over the summer) I wouldn't mind picking your brain on the subjects of parahuman litigation and insurance, so I can give Primus a better and more accurate representation when they take the spotlight.
Same, same.
I've got two more to knock out of the way, free and clear come Tuesday afternoon
Jiangjun's doing something by himself.
It's involved him dropping off the radar, as of late.
You haven't had an opportunity to touch base with him for awhile.
That was, by and large, stress relief for him.
Heh.
Anyhow, night, guys.
Yello, Mega.
Some things transpired.
D:
It's always refreshing, GMing Khandhas.
Street-level GMing.
Veni, veni, veni.
Yeah and yeah.
Consider the translation.
Isn't, but I felt like making a crude joke.
Oh, thank you, Thal
No, he's the new pig mascot for the insurance team
Yeah, what's up, Dol?
Still waiting to roll an vermin-themed cape
So I can be "Rat Bastard", or "The Verminator"
Having posted in the Detroit PHO thread, Beego has roughly a year's worth of plot armor.
Tanuki's vengeance will be swift, furry, and cruel, auuu~
Dolyn - ping me when you're avail.
Ready to run
Feel free to use that as a general template / inspirationl
*inspiration
Sure.
When's a good time?
Sure.
How was the trip?
Huh. I'm very fond of airports, largely due to the fact that they're transient places.
Bustling, packed to the brim with people you'll never meet again, for the most part, many of which are from places you've never even thought about.
Prime people-watching area.
We found out that Killhand was actually a quintuple agent.
She's going to betray the PRT on behalf of Cauldron, and betray Cauldron on behalf of Noodles, the cat that got a brief cameo last session.
*Noodle
I used to play Pathfinder, but then I found out about different systems and stopped.
Currently running a rules light homebrew urban fantasy.
"[18:09:33] <Antioch> I used to play Pathfinder, but then I found out about different systems and stopped." You poor, poor man.
My first intro as a player to RPGs was Mage the Ascension
But Pathfinder was my first intro to GMing
It was. I lied to my players constantly about enemy health and die rolls etc just so I'd have some semblance of legitimacy surrounding my narrative
yeah, that is more or less it.
The entirety of me being as a GM was trying to get my players to not treat the campaign as a dungeon crawl / hobomurder journey
I don't mind the flavor of Pathfinder, but when you take it rules is written it turns into this horrible awful slog
Whoa, Anchorage 2?
Neato.
What kind of medium would you use for this go-round, Bow? I can't imagine you'd shoot for SB again.
The lion gladiator mercenary dude.
He showed up with Flashpoint and Periastron, iirc.
Tuzi was Flashpoint I think.
Will there be eerie, disquieting differences between the two Anchorage iterations?
e.g. Saltykov has his name changed to Speltykov, but has no other discernable differences :P
Feint's just a nice, quiet boy. Everyone waits for the shoe to drop -- but it never does.
True.
That dog was a delight.
Yeah, Precious.
Glad you like it, Zeus.
Gross, dude!
It's this damn modern culture.
Back in my day, patricide was de rigueur.
Can anyone, truly?
Even the most tightly-bound schlong may slip free at the slightest provocation.
!addquote [May 03 14:55:07] <Antioch> Even the most tightly-bound schlong may slip free at the slightest provocation.
I've read the first, not the second and third.
Once my exam at 11:30 is over, I'll have the time.
!search moneyshot
<Anti> On the subject of Gob Magic, needs an 'unwanted moneyshot' ranged option, damageless attack that blinds/marks target/penalizes morale (at line 428)
Dust Devil is an American brand of vacuum cleaner, Olive.
Once it comes to that, you're in a position where you're subservient to the goblins, not vice versa.
Have an exam in 1.5 hours. Afterwards would be fine, Pink.
Let's just put this discussion to rest, shall we?
Huh. Is there another Feral cape that's a regenerator?
Dammit. I feel like a hack now.
The left half, from her perspective, IIRC?
I'll have to check my notes.
Just remembered answering this question before.
no, the zoo is closed and probably won't reopen
The animals are either dead or relocated
yeah
imagine, if you will, the exsanguinated carcass of an elephant, drifting gently on the wind
What stuff?
Implying they haven't confiscated all of your belongings
Give me a few minutes for lunch
OK, ready when you are, Megafire.
Mendez wouldn't take Wraithraiser.
Incidentally, Mega
The files mentioned were updated
Oh, cool
Cashy glitched out that day
Is done, now.
What's the writeup in question -- stuff for the multi-trigger power gen that just happened?
You can take the young man to the city but you can't take the city to the young man.
Hey, maybe if they team up they can kick Acidbath's ass.
Not particularly sleepy, but pretty busy.
Drones will supplant the storks soon
Either, would prefer tomorrow
o7
Not distracting you from exams/studying, am I?
I see how it is, Dol.
I've go some work to do in the morning, so we'd start about 5 PM your time.
Wouldn't be tomorrow. This weekend or the next, the latter being more likely as he gets his business sorted out first.
What's going down?
Huh!
Would be five pips in Empathy, with a specialization pip.
Sheesh.
Depends on if there's particularly sensitive meta information that remains relevant after his death.
Some of the stuff is especially difficult to metagame around.
I'm glad we were on the same wavelength, there.
What Non said.
(For lesser wounds, if the attack roll was even, the armor takes half damage. If it was odd, nothing happens.))
Gee whiz, Basher is a hell of a specialty.
Die size up is a slick mechanic, too.
Experience throwing punches back, perhas.
*perhaps.
Not in a particular rush, pelt.
We can always continue tomorrow, if it comes to it.
Yep.
An astute basher can corner their foes, bludgeon them into the nearest flat surface.
Like the flavor, but man, that's gonna hurt.
One good Crit Bash should take 'em out of the fight, anyhow.
One good bat through the ribcage.
Non seems to have the powergen well in hand. Give me a whistle when mutations are discussed.
Pretty happy with Non's idea.
Enough that the connection is drawn "ah, I need to kill my enemies and sacrifice them to bolster my ranks" and they can continue to follow this death/elemental shamanistic mentality derived from their power and religious beliefs.
Less of an "enslave your ghost, muahaha" sort of thing.
I'd lean towards no.
Mm, yeah, I like that one, Non.
Not that I was aware of, Fir
Currently running Pelt, have to get up at 7AM tomorrow, so I don't think it's into the cards for today
But my schedule is particularly flexible for the upcoming few months
You remember last summer, when I started Cleveland? It's very likely I'll be resuming that pace.
When I amped up the quantity, I saw my writing quality noticeably increase
I'm hoping to make similar strides this summer, so I can actually get out there and write something
Have a good premise/setting plotted out, I'm just writing a bunch of character perspectives to try and settle on one, and a general tone of the work
Yep.
I'd say more 70-30
Favoring trance
But yeah, that write-up looks snazzy, Non
Jolly good.
Well, the latter doesn't work so hot for a mindwipe.
I'm pretty happy with LF45. Ties into shamanic nature.
Head, shoulder, mouth and nose, mouth and nose
No style, no grace
Funny face
After some thought, Birdcage transport for Wink would probably follow the same 'no human' protocol as Canary merited
Gavel and Panacea would've done a lot more harm than good left out there, I think, and Lung's a known failure
Wink by himself would be fine for a standard isolation cell / max-sec, and with his records, it probably wouldn't be called inhumane treatment
But there's the concern of him having enough influence / subordinates capable of breaking him out of a non-Birdcage prison
PRT head office declines your request, corroborated by Watchdog thinkers.
I feel like Mishie is that one PHO poster who just chants Birdcage! Birdcage! Birdcage! on every topic
Birdcage has less than 600 capes in it, as of 2011
Numerical designation for the prisoners doesn't shift when one of 'em dies
I narrate in second person, by way of habit.
Trying to shift that to third, particularly for multi-person sessions.
I used to RP in first person, but have grown to prefer third.
Eurgh.
Sorry to spring this on you, Spelt, but mind taking a rain check on the session 'til Saturday or Sunday?
Turns out my presence is needed at commencement tomorrow.
Not a life-ending crisis, just means I need to go to a dry-cleaner, other preparatory measures.
"[15:41:12]  <Antioch> Sorry to spring this on you, Spelt, but mind taking a rain check on the session 'til Saturday or Sunday?"
Lawsy me, today is gonna be busy.
Have a sandwich packed away in my bag already, but it's just plain ol' tuna salad.
Need some coffee, Saff?
I have some coffee on-hand, in the event that you need it.
Sorry, my attention is split between proctoring an exam and writing a research paper.
The legwork (ha!) is largely done, it's really just collating data and making things sound technical and precise while I wait for the latest iteration in the load cell component to come out of the machine shop for a more comprehensive battery of testing.
I should be wrapping up the knee components sometime in the late summer / early fall, and during the summer downtime I'll be turning my eye to the ankle.
They're largely for prosthetic / orthotic use, but with all of the gait sampling data I'm collecting, I could probably sell it to a biorobotics company so they could make a bipedal robot with a more efficient / stable stride and better economy of motion.
Mod pierce on the initial hit, then mod shock on the AoE? Or lesser?
Stagger is good, yeah.
300' is good, yeah.
Invert the range penalty mechanic, maybe?
I love the esoteric PRT designations like Shaper and Shifter and Nuker and Granter
Ah, it's Ovaltine Lad
what a long day
what happened, whisp?
The latter.
Still very busy as of this weekend.
Grading finals, moving, etc
Governed by lowest stat IIRC
Hiyo, Tell
I'm pretty now!!
I'd do it if I were there
The earlier stuff is kinda weak on my part.
Thanks. If you get through the initial stuff, I feel like I start doing consistently better around arc 12
There are bright spots with the Amphetamine Queen and Invictus bits, but I have the players to thank for those
Hooagh.
What a busy weekend.
Things are winding down for me, should resume GMing on Tues
Spelt, Firlz, Dol, Non, Saff, Bow/Mega, roughly in that order?
Sure, not a problem
Sunday is fine, your role in present developments is peripheral for the time beig
*being
What I have up my sleeve is a missing chunk of flesh.
You should read the Sicol Bend logs, Saff.
Good luck (?)
New Tinker stuff looks great.
Architect + Mad Sci = Monolith
mm, not mad sci
was something else
chaos/architect
It's the only one I've bothered to put together, for one of my players
The others fall under preexisting methodologies
Categories?
Maybe. Wednesday is when I know I'll be free for sure, tomorrow and Tuesday are up in the air.
What do you mean by categories, Zaits?
What about them?
I still have no idea what you're asking me.
Are you looking for my opinion on them, or how I'd execute them in-game?
Please specify.
Chaos already has examples.
I wouldn't give a PC Free Tinker.
That's also stated on the Tinker document.
was his dong really a foam sprayer
shame, that
Flip them off, the top knuckle unfolds
G'luck, Kuma.
_seen Baker
Are you grabbing one arm in each hand, a neck on one hand and a leg in the other, or...?
If you give me two specific grabbing points, I can estimate points of failure
Had to do some literature review on extreme joint failure under strain
Cervical vertebrae torn apart, crushed trachea.
Depends on direction of pull and grip, but probably elbow dislocation followed by ligament tear followed by forearm being torn off.
The cops set him up, they were trying to get his ass killed
OH YES!
cocaine it has improved my jeopardy response time by entire second
I really enjoyed the Tinker advantages / milestones thing.
I'm hoping to have some more Tinker players just for the excuse of playing around with it some more.
I've already replaced by Tinker-chub with a cybernetic dong that fires containment foam.
But yeah, I really like how it adds some more depth to the Tinker power that isn't just adding more versatility/power to the list of available tinkerings.
The misfire statistics mentioned in a few would be something I think'd be cool to expand on -- I remember SCG was talking to me about it, the other day.
I can't wait for a slew of NPCs with shitty names to stroll into town and get thrashed or become more important NPCs.
SCG probably likes that bonus with the idea of suicide bomber soldiers in mind. :P
For me, my two favorites were "instantly don Tinker gear" aspect of Judgement, or "Tinker material manufacturer" aspect of Hermit.
I feel like it's less of a minigame and more of a way to circumvent the "mother may I" aspect of what the Tinker is capable of building
I already had one for him
Sure, let me redact some stuff
Not until Wednesday, I think
Having to deal with housing / rent / moving stuff for a little bit.
Hrmm, OK
I'll try for tomorrow, then?
Don't think that's feasible, given the current scenario
I'll shoot for tomorrow evening
Nice and simple, this one.
This is a pretty good mental exercise, tbh.
Yeah, I'd wait for more examples of 'Magi'-type Tinkers before I tried my hands at him.
No current examples, so it's hard to extrapolate from extant options as I did for Longinus
OK, who's next?
Looking to do a Tinker who'll be relevant to Cleveland
OK, PM me as you will
Sure, that works
Have one for her, but it's secret. Sorry.
Have - G_LOC, Overheat as other Tinkers in Columbus, have also Preface and Overclock, but they're Columbus, GA, I think.
Architect x  Controller > Barracks > Duck Army
Wait, no, I lied about DQ's methodology earlier 
And I said Hyperspecialist x Magi
The ruse is up
Archmage, but I dunno enough about Magi to say more
Very straightforward.
Ehh, not really feeling him right now
Ping me when Teller comes on?
Also, ThalAI -- got any Tinker NPCs you want me to take a look at right now?
Conflict of interest if I were to do one for Marchesa, I think
Given that I'm gunning to kick her ass
I guess I'll do one for some of the incoming Cleveland NPCs
Dunno enough about her, unfortunately
Might do one for Metasynth, later, hence my looking for Teller
Oh, I'll do the dudes for the Vancouver reboot
Hm, don't think that stacks.
It is not
Intended to be
Think you came in on the latter end of my churning out a few bare-bones Tinker tables
For this, was laying down groundwork to eventually return to Vancouver campaign, and for the prior, some insight as to the general loadouts of var. Cleveland NPCs
What's up, CG?
I like the thought of a Tinker hopping out of his power armor and ordering it to bum-rush some poor sod while that song plays in the background.
The drones are his power armors, basically.
Had the idea about 8 or so months back, before the Tinker stuff was very crystallized, but it sounds like a fun power to play around with.
There are some nice value judgments in them being able to decide if they're in the power armor or not - whether being thick in combat, encased in a shell, or out of it and vulnerable is preferable, and probably some tradeoffs with respect to control.
I did get the chance to play Overwatch on a friend's comp yesterday, but I haven't tried her yet, Pink.
Damnation, the beta ends today, doesn't it
I asked Spelt -- with the nerfs to QM's power from Valhalla, it would have been slim odds.
Don't recall the specifics of it, but it probably wouldn't have worked (sub 25% chance) based on my faint recollection
That's cruelty to bears.
As opposed to unethical monetary loans.
That's racist, Pink.
I'm going to kill you in real life.
:P
Wasn't me, unless your client is set to ping you on "Amphetamine Queen"
Howdy, Tell.
I was wondering if you'd be interested in a Tinker Table for Metasynth. Partially for my own benefit, as I was fooling around with making an example document for Alloy Spec. 
Yeah, definitely.
Sure, wouldn't mind.
Saff, we're still on for Civil War at 9:45 tonight, right?
Alright, cool. Dinner before, or nah?
Talking about IRL stuff, movie night.
No prob, no prob. See you then.
What's the corresponding trigger, CoGo?
What's the pickle flavor?
Sweet pickle or nah?
I had the non-refrigerated pickles. Largely just got 'em for the brine.
#cooking
I'll take a look at your phone tonight, because I swear we fixed the IRCcloud issues (except apparently not).
Velvet mechanics are cool!
Who's PC/NPC is that?
Ah!
I remember skimming that, guess I should give it a closer look.
I'm at work
Just got in
Laid to rest maybe
Oh, yeah
Can clarify, if need be
Just wanted to fool around with it, make it more compliant with the current Tinker manual
Could you PM me the details of what you already have?
OK, Vern, I'm done with the details of the Tinker Table
Leaving the mechanical details of the *whimsy* debuff in your hands.
Oops, didn't have *Tampermonkey* enabled.
*There we go?8
Testing italics?
There.
IRCcloud doesn't have any native italics functionality.
I use IRCcloud, and I've installed a script to add italics if needed.
Vern -- largely just a direction for the player
You can play around with that as you wish, just treat it as the shard nudging the player towards certain research paths, particularly drawing upon other parahumans / conflict as inspiration.
Right now you have a lady who can slot "mindfuck" cores and "physicsfuck" cores into their gun, and they're looking to merge those two effects somewhere further down the line.
Yeah, pelt
You mentioned needing to drop your brother off at 5? I was planning to wait until you came back from that
Ah, got it
Let me take a few moments to get ready, then
Not a single clue how this is going to pan out, so I'm intrigued at what the aftermath will be for Cleveland
Spelt lit Longinus leftovers on fire
Was above 85, I thought?
!search witch
!search twerk
Well, I tried
John Dillinger too, I think
I've been doing a lot of research on Ohio just for the heck of it
Cleveland's population is hemorrhaging people in real life
Yeah, Columbus is the biggest and it's maybe a 30 minute drive through the entire city.
Nah, won't be for an hour or two, I think
Attention is split
I wouldn't worry about offending them.
They're 'armless.
Oh, my new roomie is really into that
Good luck Firlz!
I am going to try to learn the game this summe
*summer
Ah, that's definitely me then
I'm all abou fruity bullshit liquors and really sweet mixed drinks
Wow, that really fits me to a T, CoGo
I do prefer to brew my own coffee, though
I just got a really nice new coffee machine, and I have a french press and stovetop espresso maker
I'm moving on up, in the coffee world
Not in this channel, please.
Suit up, pelt
soulpelt|?
I'm only ever on 2 servers, so I stick with the free and it serves me well enough
keikaku.exe
Could probably do it tomorrow, Fir
Don't want to see you slackin' on those finals, though! :P
BTW, with respect to Heroclix, it's got that thing where it's like Magic, and the competitive tournaments have figures that rotate out every year or so?
How much does that end up costing, maintaining a competitive roster
Huh! I get you.
I swear, everyone's a darn East Coaster
Oh, graduating soon, Pando?
Grats!
Ohh, so you're dealing with everyone trying to sell back / return their books.
My condolences. :(
So we just need Akira's PRT interaction and Horn Lord's butting in to a Brotherhood v. Wolves fight before everyone gets their turn, hmm?
Fufufufu.
I have some wheels to grease and some pockets to line.
Bel has scheduling problems this summer, Vulstag is the new director
Ohh, right, we'd need to get Vul settled in too
I guess you'd be interacting with the Protectorate moreso.
"[21:00:51] <Antioch|GM> I swear, everyone's a darn East Coaster" That's not true, some of them are damn West Coasters.
That's true. CST is the one true god of time zones, anyways.
:s
I sure hope I still have a rival
Got any backups in mind for him, just in case?
Phew!
Nnnnnoooooo!!!!
Gee, I sure hope so
Think I did it after this--
!search parable
I forgot to celebrate the 1-year anniversary of WD Cleveland. Darn.
May 6th, according to Pastebin.
Eh, busy.
Ready, Firlz
Gundor fixed it, tbh
Firlz
Sneak Mission Failed
Wink's the kind of guy who does surprise inspections, but tells his men he doesn't. He orders the underlings that have fell out of his favor to do the surprise inspection, and the successful surprise inspection ends with them shot to death, as any real intruder would.
Woo!
Tinkers!!
I wonder what Controller type Armada is.
Alchemist is Blasto, can't think of any Riot or Barracks Tinkers off the top of my head
That's for milestones or certain Tinker methodologies
I dunno that Virus would merit an augment
There is, Fir
Tinker Augments and Bonuses list
Still does, IIRC
Nah, that already happened, Fir.
Saff getting caught by the Protectorate, that is.
Nah, his costume has black and white stripes near the mouth. Piano key aesthetic.
4 days after
Sorry to cut and run, but my head is poundin
Hrm, 3:30, 4 ish?
Afternoon & evening is clear
Was the longinus/lilith/wink session
you shouldn't be
it's de rigueur in these parts
:0
Hope you enjoyed Caitiff
Sad I cut things before you met his team
Two of their members have shitty pun names
They're C-listers
Even when your cape name is "Bone Homie"?
Hey, I did warn you that Coldhand was a bit-rate criminal who was fleeing another gang, and that Killhand was an emotionally unstable college dropout.
There was always the option to turn 'em down. :P
Uh, isn't that Malfire?
Don't hire Malfire.
Sorry I clocked out before I could hear the public reaction to the bitchin' cape name "Bone Homie".
Yeah. Pun on "bonhomie".
He's a friend to all skeletons. Even yours!
What's the haps, Saff
You want some curry bread?
Do you need me to impersonate you?
Arson Jones is probably a chemist, tho.
What's up, Thal?
Go for it. 3d7
Brawn, Ath, or Guts are your options for stat-ups
If you fail a perk roll or flaw removal roll, you can fall back on Guts up or a lesser milestone
Let me know what you end up going with
OK, result of 1 thru 16 gets you a new power perk
Oh, can you not view it on your mobile device?
And I linked the Tinker tab. Oops.
Peanut gallery can help suggest.
OK, writing up effect now.
Power grants passive, regenerating dense layers of armor (capped at two), able to be replenished as a partial action via use of 0.75 gallons stockpiled blood (1/2 avg. human) per layer. Aesthetic trends towards "terror" while armor is active.
Second trigger success on 92-100
In the circumstances that you're once again hunted down like the dog you are, trapped and surrounded
Second triggers are rarely an upgrade, tbh.
Having second trigger tack on a life flaw might be sensible/flavorful
Think Invictus was the only nat. 2nd trigger
That I'm aware of
And he was already a pretty fucked up dude at that point
Jericho and Schwindel?
Ohh, Blackout
The former is contingent on Vulstag's presence, while the latter two are contingent on Panda/Mishie's availability, AFAIK.
Hey Meg.
I can't believe I have to fight Ronald fucking Reagan
Eh, 6 pips in Empathy is something a baseline human could do.
A 0.01%th percentile human, maybe.
But there's no need to weasel powers in there
But still something within the realm of humanity, mm?
Fight-prone was the Icarus flaw
Moreso talking to Ace than you, Cogo
Yeah.
Eh, I'm not particularly bothered about low-probability hypotheticals
If it comes up, I'd deal with it as it dows
*does
Go ahead, Fir
That's false, Saff. All you have to do to get to the dungeon is slide down the garbage chute.
How easily is the heart of a young girl swayed
I took things into my own hands.
Dol is RPing you playing a game of Weaver Dice. It's pretty meta.
More than likely, yeah.
Good luck on your exams and the tourney, Firl
Get off my lawn, you damn children.
Jeez louise, Oni, you're old.
Thought you were younger, as I seem to recall you talking about finishing uni
What's up, Saff?
Did we have something scheduled for today?
It's nutritious.
Might run you in Cleveland today.
Wilmington NC, or Wilmington DE?
You didn't even google it for her!
That's like, a double whammy of fuck you
Hmm, I wonder what an "out of the frying pan" Tinker trigger would yield, as far as methodologies go.
You're doing your damnedest to haul your ass out of a desperate situation, but when you manage to extricate yourself, you find you've only fucked yourself over further
I was thinking about writing some triggers for the list with Tinkers in mind, to give the new handbook a whirl
So I was only thinking in generalities, for the time being
I don't think Cleveland needs any more Tinkers
I think Cleveland needs about five less
I wonder if there are parahuman-specific emancipation of minor laws
Are you talking about the Sicol Bend session, Mega?
I felt similarly
Coont.
Saff's one of those players who does impressively detailed character sheets, and that level of detail tends to osmose onto NPCs that she interacts with.
Not in Sicol Bend, you fool.
It'd be easier to beat up a crook and take his phone.
With respect to writing as a whole, dialogue was always my weakest. GMing has helped that a lot.
Haha, I still use a shitload of em dashes.
Sounds like a Merchants cape name
Should Verminator's nemesis be Rat Bastard, or Furminator?
I can usually fake the level of expertise an NPC has when GMing, but it's tough pretending to be a half-decent PR guy / speechwriter.
The psychiatrist already sucks!
Look! Look with your special eyes!
Such gift, very speech
>:)
You back?
#WDCleveland2
I'm also at work, haha.
The PR people are trying their best :(
When you take down the man, take care that you don't become the man yourself, man.
When you murder hobos, take care that you don't become a hobo yourself.
If you need help or clarification with a specific skill, let me know.
You'll generally pick up the skills as you play, so it's not too much of a worry.
Sorta like how I remember what every single Pokemon attack does. :|
Odor sleuth does the exact same thing as Foresight. It's a carbon copy of the move, except the former is Normal and the latter is Ghost
Have you read any WD logs?
Noo, your parents came of their own volition
You've been ignoring all their phone calls!
You just ripped a hole in space
Nothing to write home about
That's one heck of a fistula
\o/
Thalia and Megafire -- want to handle that phone call real quick?
#WDCleveland2 for the sake of continuous logs
Snaff
The police has the stuff she left in the locker. I don't think anyone's aware that her car is in the parking deck.
Mmm, probably not.
Doing Thal stuff & family stuff
Say thank you to the nice Director Hastings
they are the same organization, more or less.
there wouldn't be any towns with protectorate and no PRT, for oversight reasons
I don't know, but it seems within the realm of possibility
Sure. Was meaning to ask you your thoughts on emancipation of minors wrt Wards
And court admissibility of trigger events in child abuse cases
I am in tears
Sweet jesus.
And to think you were going to have a jolly good time hunting kill-ordered capes
It's like the magic trick where you pull handkerchiefs from a sleeve endlessly
Non-lethally, too! Don't you love when a plan works out :)
Geez louise.
This didn't turn out at all how I thought it would.
I dunno, but not this.
Bwahahahaha
What a collection of sentences
That worked so well the first time!
She burned it out of her system last time.
hey, you're not being apprised of the situation play-by-play
that's all I ever want, as a GM
to rack my players with unquenchable guilt
You shoulda listened to your shard-induced paranoia D:
<Antioch|GM> Bloodthirst has largely overridden your other senses, at this point. || is the last thing I saw. Did I miss anything?
Were the clothes worth it?
Geez louise.
Squad Zero came in with a solid (albeit hastily put-together) game plan, years of training and experience, and top-notch gear.
Powers and Hasegawa are suffering from hypovolemic shock. Malakhov is flying through the air, same as Lilith. Andre is OK, had her armor shredded.
She eats it.
Without Cashy's assistance, I feel like this session would have been a lot less dramatic.
Will be an open slot, actually. Have roughly 2 arcs to work through before Fidler's presence is relevant, I think.
I don't know what I expected to happen, but man, it sure wasn't this.
Man, pelt, your comments are kinda grating. Could you tone it down a bit?
KiwiIRC doesn't have italic functionality, I think.
I had to fool around with Tampermonkey to get italics in IRCcloud.
[ <Antioch|GM> The overwhelming pain is completely overshadowed by your fury. || - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
Redcap's last thoughts "my only regret! would that i have murdered more dudes!"
Geez o-o
That was... whew
^
Thanks for playing, folks
See, this is why I didn't ask you to roll for second trigger.
I was too scared that you would actually make it.
See you later, guys. I'm going to get drunk now.
Hmm, just realized there's been one PC death per arc lately
I'm slowly becoming less forgiving! Woo!
saff bb lets cook the good shit
We could alternate beef bourguignon one week, coq au vin the other?
Herg got a dog
Consumes his life
Persephone and zipperless were also meatspacers
And copypaced. They've left town, tho
Functionally
Zip stopped by a bit ago
Yup.
I'll have to know he got ousted for best death scene
gnighto
bro....
I can swing by around 7:30 probably
We actually have #politics
Stranger/Master hybrid
Eh, I'd say that, but most stranger/masters genned in chat fall flat for me
Doubt the concept or execution would be as good as I'd like
What's it for?
It could be a Tinker, but Stranger/Tinkers are rare. Trigger doesn't fall under the Controller category, either.
Egh
nah
doesn't fit
go look at the strangers document
should shed some light on the whole situation
not Tinker, stranger
Master/stranger seems the most applicable at first glance, but I am only skimming
I feel like I raise the subject every time wemake a power but these arguments over classification feel like such a waste of time. I would much rather someone come up with the power and submit it without quibbling about the nature of the classifications before hand
Ragdoll self duplicator, clones are functionally "manikins" and decoys
slight telekinetic control over decoys, fragile
Nah. Is meant to deflect attention from the real self
I don't think this is a trigger that needs blunt combat efficacy
it's going to be taking an oblique approach to conflict
not someone who throws them self into a fight, but insinuates themselves into one if necessary
nah
your idea of fun is punching people until they stop moving with a brute power, pelt
The idea is to have the effect that generates the ragdolls obscure the user, such that the user is indistinguishable from the decoys
Shell game, firstly
oh thank God, nonagon is here
I was Suffering
If you try to fuck your clone you'll get hurt
I can't believe I got pinged by someone bitching and moaning
RIP
What'd I miss?
I'm interested in a Detroit session where Verdict interacts with Cody.
Now that he's a fucking murderer.
Avery seems more likely of an interaction, since they'd bump into each other at school from time to time.
G'night, guys.
Hey, Mega, PM me when you're available so we can discuss the various things you're going to have to do today
Oh, what's for dinner?
I haven't made it yet - I was just adding it to the list of things to do
Don't have the smoked salmon on hand, but have everything else
I may make the focaccia plain, first, to get the hang of it before I use it as a pizza crust
Dammit, Mega, eat!
Good
Hi, panth
Not too much. I'm in the lab today trying to make some headway on a new project.
There are too many angles to come at it from, so I'm kind of stalling out, trying to settle on something specific
Progress
!addquote <Megafire> When Thal says 'joke', she means 'bomb'. <Vern|GM> Thallahu Akbar.
I should work on that some more when I have the chance
Running saff later this afternoon
If I can stop yawning
I should sell the immortal blood power armor to a masochist
Largely depends on how he'd go about resource gathering
Cooking up a {H. Spec x Limit} [Elemental x Travel] Tinker for a buddy's oneshot
Trying to draw on other Reactor Tinkers for inspiration, drawing blanks
There was already a list like that on Gdocs somewhere, I think, Vern
Everything plugs into a generator, huge fucking turbine
Gale cannon, supersonic flight thrusters, etc.
Sure, got a session in mind you'd like to show me?
Just the one, if possible
What you think is most representative of your RP skills is as telling as the content
I can definitely see an improvement from your Ft Town session, though the shortfalls there may have in part been due to friction between player and GM
Conveniently enough for you, I was spectating the entirety of that session
But I'll review the logs in whole to give a more detailed response
The blue/red flakes Breaker
Once I'm done with this Tinker table
Which one?
I mean, I have them all saved
But which one
Is pretty short, but here you go:
"M'lock."
I reread the logs, OB
I remember having a discussion with Mega about some things I felt broke character, awkward observations/actions that didn't seem in line in light of the Social stat, etc
The random faces interspersed were jarring, though they were removed from the logs
I feel like sometimes you get a good groove going and fall out of it, though as far as what causes that I'm not certain
Bit many for me to point them out one by one
The interactions with Flair's mother felt natural, but every other - Swole, Thrice, the two thugs, even the woman offering you free food - there was something off about them
And I felt that the combat scene lacked a bit of the creativity / analysis that I try to look for
Don't really know enough about the mechanics of your power to make a full judgment on that front
The mother/daughter banter was the good groove I was mentioning
Slack?
Gearing up to GM you, Saff
Gimme ~30 mins?
Mmm, nothing really jumped out at me save for that
Did feel like a genuine parent-child relationship, but barring that, was hard to get into Flair's head, as it were
I can see you were making an effort to describe her thought processes / how they led to her actions, but still felt kinda non-sequitur in certain parts
Conatus / Trial?
Hang on, I'm still finishing up Reactor Aerodyne Tinker
And getting ready to GM Saff
Not sure if he would be a Formula tinker or what
Msg me the trigger?
Oh, wow, this is an old trigger, innit
What were you interested in, Bow?
Hoisington-era trigger
Might not line up with the current Tinker manual so well, hm hm
Was very surprised with Tell's writeup of Metasynth, who I think fit like a charm
My Soc roll results were really good in how they informed the interaction with Rinaldi
I wouldn't consider myself to have a Soc skill equitable to Schuyler's, haha
But it helps that I was modeling Rinaldi as a real person with concrete motivations that I could pry or finagle at, and I was specifically looking for hints to that end
I like the way you handle it, where the Social stat influences the cues you pick up on
But not how your character might choose to react
I'd peg the trigger as a 'Shifter'
Ready, Saff?
Saff is good practice for me doing 'parent' NPCs
Tough for me to get in that mindset, was impressed at how Tell handled Flair's mom
Mmm, Fidler's mom probably won't prove as much of a challenge
I'd just as much roleplay a sponge
;)
It's probably in Bonesaw's chapter. Let me check for you real quick
Ah, thanks, Non
If that's the case, I'm stumped
Might be a fanon thing
One of the holding cells is still outfitted with heavy-duty floodlights from back when you thought you were going to arrest her
Too soon :'(
Too soon :'(
I did it jokingly.
People were doing the online version of throwing popcorn, in the chat
Did your Mossad training give you such high Grapple skills, OB
Soc is an awkward beast, but I think we have the framework to make it jive
Tell's handling Soc mighty well
Huh.
Just realized Gwyn has the same last name as Darwin & Finch.
Nah, I have his/their backstory all written out already.
Hmm.
I'd like to be generous and cede my spot to someone else, but I'm also less busy this summer.
A reroll would be nice, yes.
I'm up for it now, since I don't actually have to contribute to power gen
So long as there are sufficient folks in chat to help out
Dunno if this works geographically, as Tuz said.
We could maybe swing it with some finagling.
Sounds like something I'd do IRL, honestly.
Mm, I like Thal's idea, if that's alright with you guys.
Tried to make it big in America, instead I'm stuck in the asshole of Colombia
Sorry, tuz :P
Feels weird, having to keep my mouth shut during gen. It's been forever since that's happened, since my PCs are a vial cape and unpowered, respectively.
Is a Mistborn thing.
Hmm, OK. Simple enough and I can work with it. The perk fits the trigger well enough.
Can't wait to have a bunch of unruly bastard ghosts.
Gimme a bit. I'm GMing / working on Tinker tables
Have it to you by the end of the day
Why d'you need the Dash for Madison?
Cashy is the One True Dicebot.
Cashy's also log-formatter compliant with tagged rolls.
But he's your age! You could make friends :(
Oh, thanks, Non
Raleigh?
Surely this trigger isn't that old
Who authed it?
@ Serk - Denver is fine, Denver Wards just has one very unpleasant personality on the team
Glimmer was the momcest one
Gah, finally finished the Reactor Aerodyne Tinker
Would like to ask for opinions once this is all over
I'll just wait until the powergen is over.
Misread as "you turn into a tentacle mother"
Thinker/Stranger power assesses the behaviours/actions of others, a faint sense of their perceptions and extrapolating from that data best options to remain undetected, as well as a general 'empathy radar' both to assess the surface of how a target might perceive the parahuman as well as a sense of nearby individuals within the area (and their dispositions).
Stranger ability allows ambush-type attacks with deleterious effects, focusing on eroding/degrading the target's short-term memory or changing their base disposition to disgust, revulsion, fear, anger, etc.
I'll give you my character sheet for Mateo Rojas sometime tomorrow, Tuz. Thinking about "Maniobra" as a cape name. Heroically aligned, though not sure where he fits on the hero to vigilante scale.
You'll have to fill me in on the pun, Tuz.
His US name was going to be Matthew Roth! He was ready to leave this dump behind
Heh! I like that
You can download the raws off of IRCcloud
Click the gear in the top-right corner, click Archive
They're easier to scroll through than the IRCcloud backlog, at least
And if you remember bits & pieces, you can CTRL+F the important bits
No worries m8
The joke is that 'anti' pings me too
My own fault for that one :P
Cashy senses your salt. Cashy preys upon your salt.
It sustains Cashy.
Vilify
And I'm 2Z's conscience.
Wait, nvm, I'm his appetite
His prodigious appetite
Infamar
Caulmnia
*calumnia
Soplón
Snitch!
Quick review of this Reactor Aerodyne Tinker?
v
Part a pastime, part a mental exercise
Wasn't quite sure how to handle the reactor
Hmm, I would be, Bel
Hey, 25 sessions! Great job, CoGo!
Pardon my dust, Bel
Trying out a weird opening
ora_ora.exe
Not sure that these trades are in my favor, Bel, but I'm just trying to help develop my left rook
This is a very unorthodox game, Bel, but I'm having a lot of fun.
Bwahaha. My evil plan to make more GMs worked.
Bwahaha. My evil plan to make more GMs worked.
No prob, Thal
Wallow in self-pity and follow Allele (or Seachange)'s orders.
Mm, depends on the publicity of her trigger. Could probably reform, but I wouldn't actively pursue it.
Don't think the B'hood would consider it an option, that being said.
GG, Bel.
Is that 'tickets to a "ball and bacon"', or 'tickets to a ball, and bacon'?
I'd like to go to a "ball and bacon".
Would be pretty niche, I think
Ovaltine Lass?
I could probably dig them up.
Whoops! Wrong button.
Yeah, but IRCcloud is a cloud-based client that doesn't disconnect when you do.
Will the real dead SOMA please stand up
There ya go, Pink.
Who're ya thanking, Non?
He's here like every other day.
Hmm, I'll trust you on that one
I'm not so observant on peoples' presence lately
The fight in Zoup or the one where he got shot like a bitch?
Dolyn was up for Replacement Twin, no?
For shame!
How dare she lead us on like that.
I'll admit, I'd be particularly interested in matching wits with Non.
It'd be a much different game than Bel's Directorship, but one that has its unique appeals.
I'll be the Director if Non doesn't.
;)
;;;;;;;)
Yeah, we had a discussion about it a while back
HOHOHOHOHO!?!?!?
The God-Emperor will stop you!!
Here's the Coldhand getting wrecked logs, CoGo:
I see Co
I see CoGo is going for the classic "weed 'n read" gambit.
Fuahahaha. Let us clash this battle of wits.
anime seinen deuteragonist voice
Gee, like the PRT, maybe?
Perk, I think
MY LOVE FOR YOU IS LIKE A TRUCK
Resist the wiles of the Dice Witch.
Shatter your fate.
Dunno why, but I never pegged you as a Futurama dude, Non
I have been talking with him on the reg, Mish
What bastardization of Ashcloud were you thinking of, Bow?
Assclown?
Nice to have PC perspective of Protectorate again
Feels a lot better when the PCs don't start as part of Protectorate and are fucked up washouts in their own right
Your eyes are a cesspool
I wonder what happened to R Kelly in the Wormverse
And congruently, the social implications of taking the cape name "Ignition"
He is a universal constant
Have a Tinker who puppets empty shells of power armor, one of which is named "Gon' Give It To Ya"
[Vizzini voice] inconcievable!
What'd you make, Mish?
Gems?
Ah, tater tots
Jinx!
Mish is an Aussie, I think
Nah, Australians are like, the convict dregs of Britain
Don't be so kind
<3
UK calls tater tots "oven crunchies", apparently.
I think that's objectively worse.
I wonder how it'd affect the kaiju demographic of japanese media
Gem brings to mind a faceted diamond, rather than a fried potato cylinder
Farmjeweled
See, this is why Saff is one of my favorite players! Amongst other reasons
Detailed character sheets, character art, interactions with NPCs that breathe more life into them, etc
An element of realistic unpredictability in character decisions, no weird OOC feeling
Poor Cody
The fuck racial harmony you talking about
I'm here to represent the supremacy of Glorious Nippon
Uh, I mean, the majesty of the Chinese Union-Imperial
That's why I'm stealing this country's women, you see.
No prob, Tuz. I'm putting some polish on it.
Should have it to you in roughly 2 hrs.
You realize I made those rolls up on the spot as a joke, right?
:P
Dead or worse
You might find out later, I suppose
:(
Why does this have to happen in my campaigns
Gah!!
It was a one-time joke that has been driven into the ground >:|
That was you two doing it, not me
Barrage skill, for the money shot
There is no wrong hole, you bigot
Pfft. It's barrage.
You don't have a semiautomatic dong????
At least it's the summer (?)
Oh, what's your line of business?
Nice!
All of these puns have been well done  to death, so I don't have much of a steak in this conversation.
I dunno. I think I've kind of lost the moo-d.
OK, Pink wins, conversation over
We can move on to better things now
Woo, go nuts
Let me know if you need links to the prior PHO threads for resources, e.g. usernames, etc.
I like how Ace is designated beego now
Sorry, Ace
There's nothing but shitposts?!?
Which is realistic, i mean
Yeah, these sorts of things are generally free-for-alls
Please don't, OB D:
I feel like it loses a good portion of the humor when it's done without parodic intent
Put bikevendor back where he came from
there is so much real talk going on
Suprise, bitch
I'm laughing bitterly at the 'just a warning this time' mod edit to Umbranifra's post.
I like Flanderized bii a lot better.
Who's Three Snake?
Will Three Snake be a Detroit NPC?
Most campaigns take place during the timeskip, IIRC?
Huh, I guess so.
Hyg, Tuz
Time to dump guts, boys
@ Tuzi - are you using h6 for all of the skills, even the un-updated ones?
Character sheet for Bogota done, Teruzi.
F O R E V E R
He's just hard to get a hold of, especially since he lives in Eastern Europe.
Hey-ho howdy, Tell
What is that, a lameo way of saying "cruisin' for a bruisin'"?
You know what I think about that sentiment, Tell?
I think you're cruisin' for a bruisin'.
"Hire X new capes! Clear out X territory of baddies and keep it clear! Improve organization rep to 'Respected'!"
There's a diet Feint in the Sicol Wards, right?
Nothing can match the whole-bodied flavor and sensation of O.G. Feint, though.
Ohh, I gotcha. Bel's logs might prove insightful.
Jolly good
Were we?
I'll be honest, I don't recall
I'll be at the airport for most of the day, but I should be back around roughly 4:30 PM CST
Following that I'm good
Nah, just clocked out of work an hour ago and waiting on dinner to cook. I'm wiped.
Hey, Pink, do you want to use Three Snake as a cape NPC?
If not, I might want him.
He just turned 18, tyvm
Nah it's true
His b'day is Nov 20, 1991, IIRC
For almost 2 months
You'll be in trouble with Mal
Also the PRT probably
More to do w/ results of psych evals and probationary status, I'd say
Fleetfoot was dating Kickflip casually, IIRC.
He would not swing your way.
Please don't bang Alan. He's engaged.
His GF is away working at disney
Well, fiancee
"from what I understand"
firlz, you dog!
Just turned 21, hah.
I mean, I could feasibly date college freshmen, but...?
Bleh, weird
Hmm, yeah. Agreed, Tell
There are suitable channels to which these types of discussions could be moved
#relationships is the usual, I think.
Don't think it's one for #LGBTQ
He's transferring away on, uh, Friday? Or was it Saturday?
I dunno if you can make it, within that timeframe
Moreso that there are more conversations in #parahumans that need to be diverted to other channels
P'cato is out of town forever probably
Since you killed his boss
You jerk
Oh, on the subject of Mishsessions -- when will we get to see more of Horn Lord?
Back in a few. Taking a late-night stroll
Go to bed, Saff
I'm in bed, just waiting to read some nice Twig
Hey, Mega, did you get the message I _told you?
What's your schedule like, academically speaking?
My university has an approximate three-month pause over the summer months.
Mmm, gotcha. Is it just more time spent in school overall, or is there a corresponding larger break during winter?
_seen kurama
Aah, that reminds me, I ought to check my fall schedule.
There's usually a small break for Thanksgiving, and I'm hoping it gives me leeway for a trip to Japan.
Nothing too thrilling -- a friend of mine spent two years working in Japan, needs to stop back over to work out some financial stuff with respect to back taxes and pension refunds. I'd be accompanying, ideally.
Mm, looks like that's that, then
Cogo, Pink, and Soma, the last of which got back in despite the cooldown penalty.
Bastard.
Am I?
Oh, yeah... that's Tuzi, not Cogo.
Hrm.
Pink's 125-137, looking at it?
You may be doing a different counting/grouping
Oooohhh
Wow, yeah
Here's me looking like a jackass at 8 in the morning
I did the groupings wrong, like a dimwit
Should be P-C, not C-N
Preceding to current, current to next
Nah, just going to reannounce the winners after I get the numbers right
I'm not really a hype guy, and I felt like getting something out of the way to not feel as bad about waking up early.
So, once again, with the groupings correct this time (thanks Serk), the entrants are Soma, Cogo, and Serk (oh! your motives! they were not entirely altruistic!)
Sorry for being a deekus.
Did you mispredict?
Ah, your prescience is flawed.
I can exploit this.
Cogo is probably snoozing after a long roadtrip. Someone let him know when he comes on today.
I already let SOMA know via skype
And Serk is here.
Oh, I'll herte you all right
I know, right?!
What was your initial prediction, Pink CG Soma?
That was my second one, which was wrong due to a double misinterpretation on my part
Less of a ban and more of a personal request. I've GMed SOMA over the course of nearly four years, at this point, and without fail he tries to weasel into the position of primary antagonist every goddamned time.
Including party games, where he backstabbed the entire party at the denouement of the campaign, and set himself up to be the final boss of the next campaign.
I appreciate the narrative dynamic his presence inevitably grants to the campaign, but it would be nice to see him try something else.
Casting by type I see
It's a catch-22.
Paradoxical, in that no matter which direction you go, it's always frying pan to fire.
I wouldn't want to gank stuff from the main spreadsheet
They're for everyone, not my selfish ass
I'd rather write the latter and allow people the option of rolling on the main sheet
I'll think about it, I guess
I'm thinking I write a doc of Cleveland triggers, pre-existing links to the story or directly caused by campaign events, and let my players roll off of that, as well as giving them the option of rolling two triggers and selecting one off the main sheet as an alternative, as per Sicol Bend
I'll look through it, at least. I think it's a good idea, Mish, just don't want to impose too much and cherrypick / hog the good triggers for myself.
I'd feel bad
I'll do it, but I'll write triggers to fill it back up for the ones I take!
I gotta maintain my integrity and identity as a contributor
I mourn those. I hope to put them back one day.
Funny enough, that's pretty much what I do with my bike, Mish
I... should go ride it this morning, since I woke up early and have the time
Ooh, I can pick out some Wards-themed ones from the main list since that's an aspect of the city I'd like to shed more light on.
Thanks for convincing me, Mish
And he who controls the spice...
Oh, thanks, Mish
I'd appreciate your help over the next week or so, I think I could use a good nudge to help me regain my momentum.
Gonna go biking, PM me when Non gets on, have a quick question for him
What do you think is a good number of triggers for me to fill the list with, given that I have 3 entrants?
high noon............................
That means a lot to me, Cour.
Whew. Walked/biked 15 km today, drove to and from the airport. Time to catch my breath a little.
Yeah. Just clocked into work, eating a late lunch.
Calves are really sore.
I've seasoned it with malware! The jape is upon you
Abrupt end to competitive, close, but ultimately toxic relationship
With the terminus being the opposing party getting the upper hand, permanently (to the triggeree's perception)
I'd lean closer to Thinker than Tinker in this case
But if it ends up tipping towards the latter I could try to help
I'm thinking a skill-manipulating Thinker with a physical Changer bent
So I'm on roughly the same page as Firlz
Mmm, simulacrum, right?
I doubt the shard would facilitate a support position, as there's a big focus on vying for the spotlight in the trigger
Not really jiving the duality, personally -- if anything, I'd want to shift focus on the self, the superego
Singular form feels a lot more fitting to me
Mish is here early in the mornings and late at night, basically
You could run sessions at 11PM or around breakfast
I'm reminded of Spade, but the power instead distorted towards being 'the smartest in the room' with respect to skill and expertise, rather than raw intellect.
I was leaning towards more oomph with less versatility, fixating on one or two subjects to master.
There's probably an elegant way to conjoin these two ideas, but my attention is divided.
To return to the slight tinge of Changer, I'd argue for a minor increase in the governing stat for a skill the Thinker is focusing on, at the highest level.
Yeah, sure. I'm a little distracted, so apologies in advance for what may be slow responses.
Remind me where we're starting?
This is, and I say this in the kindest way possible, akin to watching a car with a two busted, flat wheels on the left side, limp weakly in a counter-clockwise circle.
Justice being properly dispensed, you monster.
Actually, Firlz, could we pause for tonight?
I'm writing the headache descriptors from first-person experience.
The advils haven't kicked in despite a few hours, I think it's just a side-effect of my job + my allergies
Sinus pressure + kinda tight headphones pressure on my ears/temples + looking at a screen for a few hours on end.
If it's cool with you, Fir, we can resume Friday early afternoon or any time Sunday.
I'm just gonna go take a walk around campus for an hour and a bit. Should help, and it's nice and cool outside.
Gonna step away for the rest of the night, probably, take a break from comp./phone screens.
Later, guys
Hey, Nonagon.
You should intentionally misspell Panda's Tinker in your press release as Assclown Akira.
Ha! My stipend is monthly.
Suck it, weenie!
It's nice -- for the first 1.5 months, I'm largely doing lit reviews on the anisotropic/non-Hookean tendencies of carbon fiber in leg and ankle prosthesis, so I technically don't have to leave the apartment.
I should, anyways, because trying to work at home is awful for my productivity.
Hm?
The tensile properties of carbon fiber varies entirely on how it's woven, as well as the layering of multiple sheets of carbon fabric that go into a single 'piece' of carbon fiber.
It's laying the groundwork for me trying to improve Art Kuo's energy-absorption/release ankle clutch mechanism for to reduce power loss in prosthetic gait cycles.
Tryna replace his big-ass springs with carbon fiber
But to do that I'm gonna have to find the arrangement with the perfect amount of *flex*
On the phone, eating a late dinner.
Behold, the fruits of my dicking around!
@ Dolyn - Chaos/Focal is One-trick Pony
Tooting Zline again?
I think it's just implicit that I'll run games at this point, CG
I should take a month or two break so they learn to appreciate me
Oh, right, Non
I wanted to pick your brain about writing a specific trigger
I'm out and about at the moment, but I have the notes at home
Thermal conduction via submersion?
You took my name, Tuz! :|
How did earwax get there?!
nay, moved back cooking night w saff from yesterday to today
we're driving back
I really liked Hadestown. It hit all the notes I was and wasn't looking for.
The voice "casting" for Eurydice and Orpheus wasn't my favorite, but Hades and Persephone were very well done -- as was the majority of the instrumentation.
Hey Tuz. I'll be free in 2 hours, roughly.
I'll get in touch with Dolyn for you, Bow, ask her what her schedule tomorrow is like.
I assume my own session would require prior coordination with SCG.
I like how Saff writes her characters. There's never been one that I look at, as a GM, and say, "hm, I don't know what to do with you", or "bleh, this character feels pretty flat".
Ready, Tuz.
Yeah, it was a good way to GM a pseudoprecognitive Thinker power.
Well executed and didn't bog down the narrative.
That might be interesting. I'll try it out.
That was a fun session. Thanks, Tuzi!
this yellow mango looks like a rock
Shinya Tayama
Why dyou ask?
Don't press backspace!
That's like the biggest stumbling block I have with writing
Nah it's just that self editing slows you down by a lot
It's important to leave yourself with crap to sift through for your gems rather than making no forward progress
Forward momentum, basically
Try to let editing wait until you have something *to* edit, I feel
Slated to run Fir and Saff tmrw evening
Remind me to go back to the PHO thread and have all posts edited to reflect the meddling of the PR department on Saff's end
Was gonna do you tmrw but you have Laus
So... Mon, Tues?
Guess Who Just Got Back Today
Those Wild-Eyed Ziz Who Went Away
Didn't Really Have That Much To Say
But Damn Their Screams Sure Are Crazy
Gnight Dol!
Other priorities include making sure Bow has everything he needs coming in to town (need to update Dept 48 list to account for cwn annwn) and adding 4 more triggers to the Cleveland-specific pool.
SOMA is going to roll a kid trigger and be your BFF, Tha
*Thal
This is Predict
Pffftt
Did a "dad's funeral" prologue
Skipping a week or two of staying at home with a close to nonresponsive mother
Making shitty box mac n cheese or can chicken noodle soup
Your diet is gonna be fucked pal
yep
running arnd 7 ish
Nah, just the convenience store on the same corner
For booze and vienna sausages
You tryna tell me sumfin
You can't tell me nuffin
You wanna egg mcgriddle
I wanna egg mcmuffin
Nay
Coldhand was thrashed to unconsciousness by Nachzehrer, whom he caused to trigger. His gang deemed him a liability and let her finish the job without repercussions.
Which is a shame, because he had a baller power.
pumped to watch laus tmorrow
Oh --  Dolyn doesn't have work tomorrow, Bow
She says she's free pretty much all day
I'm excited to see where she's headed.
I wonder if there's a character I can act as a foil for -- I get the feeling SCG and I are just going to devolve into two psychos egging each other on.
The power of subjecting her mother to immense pain for the price of healing!
That'll be $250, please.
I didn't have rates, did I? :0
Look, my character's grasp of economics is purely rodent-based.
Reminds me, Saff, my kit is still at your place
Need to buzz my sides again
Two tonight
Cwn and Khan
Oh, sorry! Hadn't realized that was someone's name.
Khandhas, that is
Oh! Thank you.
It was a good session to help me get into Mateo's head, suss out his motivations, attitude, and MO.
I may tweak his age down a little.
Noonbow.
There is no "notice", only grinding.
And mauling.
German/similar language pun about grinding teeth...?
What's hip and happening?
Hey, Nonagon, are you around? Wanted to borrow your trigger-authorship savvy for something.
Will we see Three Snake in Detroit
Glad to see you have a thesis lined up already, Bel
7
I don't wanna inundate the trigger pool for the three incoming players with kiddo triggers.
Two out of eight... too much, too little, just enough?
What classifications are missing? What aspects of the city aren't getting the spotlight they deserve?
Wink, G'watt spring to mind
CoGo expressed interest in joining the Blackguards.
Having a PC in Primus would go a ways in helping me out.
Picking Non's brain for one particular trigger I'd like to see on the list of options, but I should be done today.
If you stick around, SOMA, we could probably gen for you.
How many fliers are in town, atm?
Jets, Strafe, ROFLcopter come to mind
Why haven't any of you killed him yet, by the way?
The name is asking for it!
What'd you have for dinner today?
Tone down the spam, would you?
Ahh, nice. I've been meaning to stop by lately.
On that note, I wouldn't mind planning out places to hit up for food for our beach trip.
And I'm gonna mow it!
Mm, not yet, Saff
I'm trying to get the trigger pool for the newcomers sorted out so that we can do chargen tonight
Nah, is Saff and Firlz
They're slated to start in an hour, give or take
Help w/r/t chargen, or writing triggers, Bow?
The latter I could use a hand with, for sure.
Just need three more, and I wanted to touch on some of the missing classifications the current PC cast seems to be lacking
With respect to
PM is good for me.
Bow raised an interesting point. All 3 players are present, yeah? SOMA, Serk, ColdGold?
Was considering the possibility of a quick draft.
Rather than purely random-rolling.
Yep, 3.
Sweet. Let me finish up the list and you guys can have at it.
Uh, sure, we can use #WDCleveland.
Woo, almost done. Are you ready, guys?
Let's get this show on the road, then, folks.
I'll post the trigger list in the main, we can do the blind draft via PM
Realized that it's not an 'auction'-type draft
So no need to have a separate channel.
First order of business is to list those triggers in order of preference and PM them to me.
Have received SOMA's list. Fast & unsurprising.
I'm in no particular hurry, though Serk has a dinner incoming, IIRC?
I'm curious what the peanut gallery has to say about trigger preference, too.
The latter, Cogo.
Turns out it's just your deaf grandpa housesitting whoops
Woo, OK. Looks like you'll be blind-drafting between four options, as there was a tie.
Runaway, Lion's Teeth, Wino, and Spelunky.
How this is gonna work is you all have 100 points. PM me how much you think each one of those is worth. Make sure that no two options are equal.
You spend the most on one thing, it's yours. Whoever spends the least points at the end of the draft gets two perks. Second place is one and one, third is two flaws.
Lemme know if I need to clarify anything, that was a pretty condensed explanation.
Every single time I see Cauldron as an option I'm amazed that it's rated so poorly
Uninspiring?
Mm, I suppose I get what you mean, Non
Woo, OK! Results are in.
Cogo wins Spelunky with 50 points. Serk wins Runaway with 40 points. SOMA wins Wino with 4 points.
Since Cogo graciously spent the most points, let's do his powergen first.
Have at it, folks!
Dunno about the Master, as that's more of a people isolation than a claustrophobia sorta thing
While you guys have at it, I'm gonna go and doctor the PHO thread
Np, Thal.
I like Non's idea, though I'd probably append a large accuracy penalty to any heavy object launching, since it's not much of a Blaster trigger.
Otherwise, touches on the Shaker/Mover notes pretty nice.
Roger dodger
I'm pretty cool with Non's idea, and I can hammer down the mechanics myself later - no need to get too specific here, restrictions-wise.
I can do the writeup, or he can, we can move onto luck. Bad luck, more specifically.
Just two flaws, dunno which yet.
Yep. Let's wait for the writeup, tho.
Cape generates a tunnel of force, creating a tube of suction along a defined path. This force can be used to knock back enemies, launch objects placed within, wall off areas, or serve as a means of transit for its user.
I'm feeling one, could argue for two.
Let's luck roll, methinks.
Whoop, sorry Non.
If there are any problems with this writeup, speak now, or forever hold your silence
Cool, let's do this
Yess, it's the accord flaw
Nice, nice. Very nice.
Accordscar!
Yep.
Yeah, if we can entwine these two flaws I'll be tickled pink
you better come up with a godawful name to match, then.
Think I'll wait to see how PF23 will manifest after CG gives me his charsheet with a backstory to maybe draw some inspiration from.
Have some ideas on that front, maybe a love of freedom exhibited by his choice of favored sport that shifts into an obsessive crusade against tyranny, with a corresponding emphasis on chaos and disregard for collateral damage (PF2) during power use.
But yeah, we can move on to Serk's Runaway trigger now.
Writeup, ho.
Abandonment, or perceived abandonment, plays a factor as well, I feel
Surrogate family minions!
Tacks, broken glass, rusted scraps of metal? Dunno why I'm saying that, 's just the first thing that came to mind.
I'm reminded of Louis Sachar's Wayside Stories children's book series.
IIRC, one of the students ended up being just a dead rat wearing multiple layers of raincoats, and this wasn't discovered until chapter 16.
OK, it's been pretty quiet, so I think we're good for a write-up.
Cape can create up to three facsimiles of humans, which are, upon closer inspection, grotesque, emaciated humanoid rodents, beneath the 'human' guise. The visual realism of these disguises are contingent on how close the cape is to the cloned individuals. These minions obey the parahuman's command, able to somewhat mimic actual humans with an observant eye
being able to pick up on unsettling little details or uncanny behavior. When attacked, the guise falters, and the rats retaliate, having a somewhat improved statline than their disguised versions.
Don't speak to me or my rat son ever again
I like the piss-poor social idea
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 272)
Rayboy Genius
*Ratboy
Cape can create up to three facsimiles of humans, which are, upon closer inspection, grotesque, emaciated humanoid rodents, beneath the 'human' guise. The visual realism of these disguises are contingent on how close the cape is to the cloned individuals. These minions obey the parahuman's command, being able to mimic humans, albeit with an exceptionally
poor social skill. When attacked or otherwise uncovered, the guise falters, and the rats retaliate, having a somewhat improved statline than their disguised versions.
When we have a Blaster that creates rats and fires them at high speeds, we can call him Ratling Gun
Serk might be having dinner
Oh, yeah, go for it
Show me that d6, ratboy
Awareness/accuracy, mmkay.
I feel like cutting the amount of rats to two while nudging precision of control works for PF54.
And the avenue of versatility illustrated in PP10 can go towards something else.
Rats can eventually be molded such that they have nat. weapons, sorta thing, maybe?
More fights, more custom rat mods?
Mm, yeah. Certain rats might be able to hold a few pips in a skill.
They're learning!
Rats congeal in peripheral vis
Dammit!
Maybe a minute or two?
Ooh, okay.
The rats are less expendable.
As it should be.
Nice, nice, yeah.
Much better than minus one rat
Cape can create up to three facsimiles of humans, which are, upon closer inspection, grotesque, emaciated humanoid rodents, beneath the 'human' guise. The rats coalesce at the edge of parahuman's vision, in dark corners, out of the way, lurking. The visual realism of these disguises are contingent on how close the cape is to the cloned individuals. These
minions obey the parahuman's command, being able to mimic humans, albeit with an exceptionally poor social skill, drawing upon the master's intelligence when nearby and devolving to sub-dog intelligence after moving too far away. When attacked or otherwise uncovered, the guise falters, and the rats retaliate, having a somewhat improved statline than their
disguised versions. As the parahuman gains knowledge from conflict, the rats do as well, and the cape can tailor their statlines to a certain extent, as well as grant them one or two pips of a skill.
Sounds good?
Action Rat w/ Kung Fu Grip
But yeah, we're good to move onto SOMA?
You’re a recovering alcoholic, trying to break the habit for the sake of your kids, but you find yourself trapped in a relationship with your significant other. You’ve been trying to get your life back on track, trying to get out of this toxic relationship, but they know how to keep you down, sabotaging you in your day-to-day to keep you reliant on them.
You can't cut ties outright, and the alcoholism is a card they're ready to play for any hypothetical upcoming custody battle. They're well aware of this, stocking beer and other booze in the fridge "just in case some friends come over", and it's always waiting for you when you come home. You always relapse, eventually, checking the fridge after a long and
harrowing day, you grab a drink and feel like shit about it afterwards. Caught between a rock and a hard place, you can't see a way out of the situation, triggering after you cave for the umpteenth time.
Whoops, meant to pastebin that.
Two problems, playing off each other, Binary
Not really seeing limit here
Hmm, Mad makes sense, getting into a bad relationship and finding it inescapable
Pack continuously synthesizes a baseline catalyst, can add var. reagents to modify resultant effects -- even spread of deleterious and beneficial effects (some have both in one)?
Launcher as focal is my preference
A spayer? Oh goodness
Works for me.
I wish we could have touched on the binary aspect a little, but it's shaping up to be a fun power to play.
Launcher.
It is an acronym of many uses.
Think we need to roll off of the Tinker Boon/Augment table, or does this stand well enough alone?
Ahh, righto. Forgot about the Devil boost.
Yo, Soma, we're doing your table now. Go ahead and perk roll in the event that it might affect the tables
Maybe yr just being hopeful, etc
Aww, could have been ketchup/mustard Binary tinker
brb driving
Got one of the vinegar traps set up?
I used to shoot Nerf darts at the flies at our old place.
Was pretty fun. Could make a rubberband gun, also.
What are you choosing between?
I'd go with the latter, personally
No "Rat Bastard", huh
Shame, that
Gatecrash and Tilt.
I like what you did with your character sheet, ColdGold.
You've given me lots of ways to immediately immerse your character in the environment.
Reminds me a lot of an already-extant NPC.
Maybe you'll meet 'em.
o7
Gonna get some sleep, guys, night
I came back because I had a good idea for the tinker table.
Alkahest's
Guts buff comes with temp wounds, or healing of extant wounds. Hand-in-hand with Know penalty, which comes with skill pip disable. If wounds are healed, skill pips are shunted to amnesia, need to be earned back.
Healing is feasible, but not spammable.
I... think so?
A little sleepy in the brain, so words may not be parsing right
Maybe I should shift the healing to another concoction altogether
Now you've got me all self-conscious
Think I got 2 starting concoctions down OK, Sinew and Azoth. Feel a little shaky on the grenades, but I'll sleep on it.
Otherwise, I think the tables are good to go. Many thanks to Bow
Gnight for real!
!search rat tea
Well, you saw what Bakuda did with the springs in her mattress.
For a given value of 'worked'
I control the groove
I control the way you move
Serve the Hive
What were the perks you rolled for your director, Non?
Don't worry. I'll get into a fistfight with you so it can come into play at least once.
At least your love for me can be like a truck.
Nah, that's all you need to do. If you post them in this chat, other people can look over them and add them to the main list directly for you.
Expedites the process, and gets you some critiques on how it might be tweaked or strong points that make the trigger solid.
I'd recommend you pastebin the triggers, yeah.
Heh. I see a few of the new Free Tinker methodology names in the DGen.
Eh, not really in the mood for it
I think I was dissuaded by the trigger
What subcategories did you have in mind, Zai?
Excellent. I'll take a look
You should become Mouse Protector's protege, Serk
Assuming she isn't dead already
Thanks for giving me really detailed character sheets, guys.
I already know what first sessions I'll do for all three of you, more or less.
That's my plan as well.
Hm! I like that, Zai. Someone whose methodologies are largely informed by the data they collect in the field.
Versatility, and a good incentive for the player to throw themselves into the thick of things.
Triggeree is taking active strides to resolve their problem, doing everything they can to stem the tide of whatever long-term pervasive shit is threatening to swallow their life whole, and when they shift perspective, they find that there's an entirely neglected facet of the issue they didn't have the information to resolve or even approach.
Maybe a little too pat, on the nose, but it's the first thing that came to mind.
Making a concerted to tackle a long-term problem, and finding that it doesn't budge, or that beneath the surface, things are far worse?
*concerted effort
silly chili
Trying to get into the right headspace to run Saff's second interaction w/ the shrink
.6 and .4, mebbe
Shaker/mover, in that order
Inputting increments for the new cleveland players
Sound-based attack would probably disorient, inflict Wits and possibly Ath debuffs, Camtist
Dunno that I would use wounds for it unless it was something really serious, like a concussive burst of sound
In which case Bash seems most appropriate
Yeah, that works, Cogo
Did you see the three newcomers' powers to Cleveland, Mega?
Some more vague details on the Cleveland Infodoc.
Start sending them out on patrols to deal with the ever-increasing tide of random villains coming in from out of town.
Seriously, there are so many. That you haven't noticed because you've been doing other things.
Will you graciously allow Ratboy to join the Wards, as is his sole dream in life
I'd probably bump him up to be a tad older -- 14 feels better to me. Too young, and some of the backstory bits feel off.
Parents calling to check that this kid has permission to sleep over, people getting concerned at the pre-teen wandering into McDonalds at 9 at night.
Cease this meming! This is not the time or place
Again, I'm really impressed at the detail of these three character submissions
They've given me a lot to work with
Marinara. Send me some, too.
Night, Meg.
Quick poll for you guys. Buddy of mine is thinking about running a campaign set in a ~200K city (Birmingham, AL). I'm trying to give him some inspiration to run a campaign that follows a bit of a cohesive storyline, rather than a more sandboxy one, but I'd be curious as to any ideas you guys might have.
He's planning on running it IRL with 3 or 4 players at maximum, with the possibility of running it over Discord when people aren't able to make it in-person, so I'm told.
When I think cohesive storyline, I think of something with a planned conclusion, something finite.
There's a mystery or conflict to be resolved, something that wraps up the whole city, and once that's over with, everyone goes their own ways, and the campaign reaches its conclusion.
Bouncing ideas off friend, he's considering something like Sicol, but in the process of a Deep-Six analogue coming to power, rather than the chaos following his departure.
A bowling team.
Didn't really notice until today, but I seem to be cutting off sessions due to headaches more and more lately.
Have one coming on again, too.
I wonder what's happened.
Feels like a daily or every-other-day thing, looking back at the logs where I end sessions prematurely or postpone them.
Might be in tandem with worsening allergies, as they feel like sinus headaches, for the most part
Just jam the dong up one nose to rinse out the sinuses
A fleshy, horrible neti pot
*up one nostril
My bad
Oh! I hadn't even thought of that
Would you like to, Tuz?
That would be a great help to me, as I can't RP a therapist worth shit.
Wow, still using her villain name, I see
You insensitive jerk
In all seriousness, Tuz, if you're up for it, I can brief you, give her results from prior evals, and other notes.
Do you want to just suddenly become the extant therapist, or would you prefer to be someone else?
I think the latter would give you more wiggle room.
Leaves it the option to be a recurring thing.
More competent psychiatrist, with better credentials under their belt, goes hither and thither to try to handle capes with problematic disorders at the behest of NY
Just spitballing, here
Well, Gigawatt needs attention as well, so it's a two-birds-one-stone thing.
^
Tuz is looking over your files at the moment. I'm actually really psyched to see this happen, because I am ass when it comes to psych stuff.
Ha! Psyched.
"Listen, kid. There ain't no problem you can't fuck yer way out of."
Do you need me to resend anything, Tuz?
why don't you gimme some of that chili
stuff two vyvanse up her nostrils
BRB, getting dinner
Assclown Akira
Non wouldn't kill his own clone. He's a great team player.
Smooch the pooch
Let me know if you need anything else, Tuzi.
Mushroom dance, mushroom dance
Whatever could it mean?
Ooh, awesome, Words. Lacrosse is fun.
#sport is probably good enough, I think.
#sporp
Do you need me to give you any more sordid details on Gwyn's psych eval?
Pretty awful.
Oh god. Duck Queen is everywhere
Whoa, didn't know you were savvy in this department too, Non.
Sure she should! It builds character.
Squadala!
Who?
Btw, non, what did you mean by "astroturfed"
In reference to the unicycle frog meme
I'm just a simple boy who likes frogs and unicycles
But I get you
what th fuck happening
help
only sam's club
Saff is the patient!
Do you tell your patients to call you RJ to put them at ease
Thank goodness
Conspiracy card is my own personal project, it's riddled with errors.
One of the more entertaining, accidental errors, is that conspiracy weapons are mixed in with generic weapons.
So sometimes there'll be a madlibs Brute trigger where you get mugged by two thugs in an alleyway, who beat you down with their ricin.
Ping-outs and reconnects are mucking up the chat logs a bit, aye.
That's the hot new trend these days, so it seems.
Deputy Director could work, depending on the personality of the Director.
If you think that the Director is more focused on internal affairs, the deputy could have a more active hand in deploying capes to where they ought to be.
An alternative would be to have a player be the captain of the PRT squads.
A reasonable force of trained squaddies at their disposal, at the beck and call of the PRT Director, but with some leeway as to how and where to apply force.
Territory means clout, for a villain. Couple of benefits to holding -- central base of operations, distribution networks, consistent business, and a concrete, quantifiable measurement of influence within the city
Yeah, what's up?
I can work with that.
You'll still have the inherent -1 penalty for the Soc 2, so I'm interested to see how this works out
@ CoGo - maybe a little broader. Disregard your your own well-being, sure, but disregard of the well-being of others as well
Collateral damage is a matter of course if you lose yourself in flexing your power, with the high chance of bystanders getting hurt
You could be sneeringly condescending to the overcautious, your power nudging you to beat down cowards or other such people who try to hedge their bets
Egg other people onto a self-destructive path
Agreed.
Yeah, well, I miss my wife. We can't all get what we want.
Where's the dead wife flaw?
Up to 2Z, I think.
I'd like to chit-chat about Tuz's character before we go into this, so I can get an idea of what to expect.
Hmm, yeah.
I'd probably nix some non-sensible results.
Oh no! CG will kill you.
I wonder what it's like, being a psychiatrist for the PRT and a coward. Sweating bullets every time you have to interview a scary cape.
Dunno that it works for the concept, to be honest.
Who psychoanalyzes the psychoanalyzers?
I can see it working, in concept, the man being deeply traumatized after a session went poorly with a particularly volatile cape
But I don't know that it would make sense for the PRT to continue to retain his services for high-priority cases
Yeah, I think this merits a reroll. A coward would've washed out before he made it that far up.
I definitely don't see this working.
...
This guy probably couldn't even get licensed!
I'm tempted to just ask you to roll a life perk and be done with it.
It makes sense -- people who have the talent to rise to their station would have it represented in their perks (or maybe milestones).
To clarify, I'm a garbage therapist and have been struggling with the looming necessity to RP one for Saff's damaged character, then Tuz jokingly suggested that he could do it in my stead.
I thought on it, and realized it made a lot of sense, given that there are two pretty bad head cases in the DPT48 Protectorate right now.
So Tuzi is coming in as an itinerant psychiatrist under the PRT's employ, going from department to department to manage the capes that would spiral out of control left unchecked.
Ah, I was thinking of it as something that'd inform the character's personality, rather than a mechanic
If you're gonna go with that, wouldn't mind you taking a perk, for the reasons Bow cited earlier
Yeah, no underscore though.
Brain is dead. Connection to shard is dead
Space instead of underscore
He can really attack the weaknesses of the people he psychoanalyzes!
He can break 'em down and make them worse shells of who they are!
Nah, I kid. I like Tuzi's thoughts on it
Riding high off of some recent successes
Anything you need from me, 2z?
PM me if ya do.
I'm good whenev, but I figure Tuz might need some time to prepare.
Oh, wow! You move quick.
He's spry, and he fucks
What's not to get
As am I
Go ahead.
Let me set the scene.
Don't pickle it.
Ah, my thanks to you, Tell
I'll take a look at the documentation now
Mm, I'm finding it pretty intuitive
But I also had prior experience mucking around in the spreadsheet, and the syntax involved
Did your bouncer fail you, tubes?
Yeah.
'tis done.
tubbs
Sure, here's a link.
It's nbd, Tuz. I can always correct in logs
Three issues, all from charlton IRC cloud browser clients
Raising the issue in #staff
Thanks for bringing it to my attention
Could be a loaded question, where most people would pick bad news first
Yeah, same issue with those two as well
I'm not in a particular rush, Tuz
It can go on as long as the two of you are cool with it.
Can pause and reconvene another time, if inconvenient -- I'm not against making this a lengthy dialogue.
Might be slow to respond, but will respond to ping
Ayyy
Good job team
Yee
hey megs
psych session happened
tuz wants to talk w you
thumbs up emoticon
pretty well
nobody died
not on me phone. apologies
remind me in 8 or 9 hrs
now i must rest
o7
Just reread your session, Dol. Really looking forward to your next
Rainbow's.
Tuzi, Mega, you wanted to have a discussion?
I'm available for that.
Sure, yes. PM me logs
Weird question, but was Centiqueen in Ace's session Slovakian?
Last words.
"Boh," pointing upstairs.
Slovak for God, could be pointing heavensward.
Mebbe a coincidence, but it piqued my curiosity.
Ah, makes more sense.
Slovak CQ would probably have said "Nie" instead of "na"
Just jumped out at me for some reason, on the reread.
Can't wait for Z to send some poor schmuck after us
SCG and I have been one-upping each other on silly and mean ways to get rid of them
Welcome, Pie -- think I saw you around yesterday, didn't get to formally greet you
Glad to have you!
ColdGold, Serk, SOMA - PM me, we can hash lay some groundwork for your initial session (as well as schedule them)?
I'll be putting up logs today, cleaning them up, so easy to reach for the next 4.5 hours.
Wow, all three of you are here. Let's take things one at a time. Anybody got somewhere pressing to be and want me to get to them first?
I'll get you first, Serk.
Aww, shucks.
Whew, I dunno how you guys binge video games, especially games like League or Overwatch.
I'd have burned out by two hours at max.
Is Tyr actually missing his hand, following the aftermath of his trigger?
Mm, might be time to relocate the conversation
I find it's easier for me to stay focused, GMing online rather than IRL.
I've been much happier with the results in this IRC, doing a little bit of both over the past four or so months. Could be due to the difference in players, or the medium, or a combination of the two.
It's also really nice to have text logs of prior sessions
This is the part where Non turns up and says "What did you expect?"
But I'll do it for him
Because I share similar sentiments
Faults aside, SOMA does make very nice cape names.
My strength seems to lie in C-list villain pun names
I liked Epeios
The guy who made the virus that Tattletale uploaded to Dragon in the arc where they broke into the Wards place
I'd favor "Akasha" for a hacker-type Tinker
Subtle nod at "root" access, heh heh
Hmm, not sure. Have my hands full with Cleveland at the moment, given the sudden influx of players
Geez louise. Got a lot of logs to clean up
I'm wanting to put it off until I can work from my desktop rather than the dinky chromebook
But I really oughta get started now
Going Ahnold, you mean?
You should kill Terry after this, tubes.
He eats White Castle, so it's really just expediting the process.
ISO enter key?
Or just the standard rectangular one
That's why I'm saying kill him
Terry's a bro, make it quick
Don't let him succumb to a painful death via Snapper or Strat or White Castle
Director Tarde calls Mendez "hey there's a delinquent called terry in detroit"
Mendez: "Don't worry, we have just the right person for the job"
Cody doesn't need another flying girl to mack on
If you put the car in neutral, sit on the roof, and fire the gun in the opposite direction of where you want to go, conservation of momentum will give you a little boost.
Howdy, Tell.
I'm the one on the far right.
Uh, I'm about to head to the airport in 8 or so minutes. Let's say... sometime around 4:30 or 5?
Where's Catcher?
Aw.
Read more of it, dickbag
Nah, more seriously, read Sicol. It's really well annotated and the logs are very clean.
I've been meaning to reformat mine, such that they have the same level of polish.
Been meaning to ask Tell this, actually. What's your general method of dealing with players that sap the momentum from a campaign?
Bottlenecking the plot being the most prominent example, but also players that drag their feet when you GM them and don't tend to keep the wheels of the plot spinning of their own volition.
I did that m'self for early Cleveland. Now it's crunch time, in-session, and I gotta be real rigid with the chronology.
Off to the airport I go!
"[12:21:50] <Antioch> Bottlenecking the plot being the most prominent example, but also players that drag their feet when you GM them and don't tend to keep the wheels of the plot spinning of their own volition." Ah, that's simple. You brutally murder them with a machete.
afternoon, Bow
I feel like you asked me a week or so ago, maybe longer, and I was just getting back to you on it
it's not what's new pussycat, but it's the only Tom Jones song I know
I have to point out that past a certain age, it's very rare for people to trigger
an old cape is very, very rare. The only two that come to mind are upper crust and 正宗
damm it, autocorrect
Uppercrust and Masamune.
Hey, Tuzi.
Mind borrowing you in a half hour or so?
current queue is CG, cirque, soma, Bow.
I was hoping to get 2z and gigawatt to have a session today.
that is, if he's available
excellent. Would half an hour in the future be a good time for you?
hacker voice *i'm in*
Yeah, I cribbed from Tuzi's self-descriptor and colored it with some of Gigawatt's internal commentary.
@ work right now, Vern, but I'll bookmark
think of your poor mother, cogo
you're breaking her heart
If you say his name three times, a Lenny shows up
We don't know what the correlation is
Weren't you going to enslave Gigawatt to have her power your superweapon?
Yeah, barring the ones where he interacted with Redcap.
Nah. I asked him to break out of his shell and play a hero for once. All of his sessions will be above-board.
Nefarious until proven otherwise
Yeah, it's cool, Tell.
Clean logs ahoy.
This psych session has been really good.
Kudos to both players.
And kudos to me, for setting things up so I can wear the |GM tag and not lift a goddamn finger.
I'm in the midst of cleaning arc 15 logs.
This is the thickest one yet.
The arc title is "Hunt".
Correct.
The former.
This is a very, hm, crisp session.
Dunno why that word springs to mind.
You also sweat
To be fair
Where the fuck does the idiom "sweating like a hog" come from, then?
Really like how the interruptions are being handled in the conversation
She doesn't. And neither does Freeman. Whoops!
Oversight!!
Yep! I'll be asking Megafire about what other tasks he may schedule for you during your tenure here in Cleveland, as well as tasks the main office has assigned to you.
He may ask you to interview some of the NPCs, which I'll generally be available for.
I know Mega wanted you to take a look at Undine. Valiant's been overworked as of late, so that's on the docket, though scheduling a time to do that would be difficult.
You can also glance through the psychiatric evaluations of the capes I've given you to assign your own priorities.
Such a shame that the Gigawatt and Amphetamine Queen dream team will never come to fruition.
Nice! I recorded some Hadestown stuff for you earlier today, belatedly.
Good luck, Words.
This took longer to clean up than expected.
With respect to word count, it's almost as long as the entirety of Arc 2.
Happy to see that the quantity and quality of my output has improved, but geez.
Good eye, Serk. Thanks.
Thanks! I get the creeping feeling that Arc 15 is going to be a hulking beast, just by the size of the Pastebins.
Happy to see I've put out a ridiculous amount of words over the past two months, nervous that formatting the logs may take longer than I like.
CG is slated for sometime on Monday or Tuesday, but is flexible. Serk is Wednesday, for sure.
SOMA I still need to get to, scheduling-wise.
I haven't. It's slated for Wednesday.
Very Red.
RPing the PR/Branding guy is fun.
Much less tough than RPing a shrink.
With the proper branding, you could make it all the way to the semifinals of the online Protectorate Best Waifu polls.
For Faustus's aforementioned reasons, Narwhal will still kick your ass in said polls.
Disclaimer: I am not implying Narwhal is not dignified. Please do not hurt me.
Man, I don't give a fuck
String Theory's the only waifu for me
What's the game plan for Sicol, Panda?
I'm on the edge of my seat to see how your session plays out.
Moreso asking about if you've nailed down a solid time to finalize the session.
Because I'm really invested in you making the Protectorate look bad.
Yeah, those are still there. The gloves help.
Tell me, Roaper, how does one 'roap'?
I suppose it'll have to remain a mystery.
Nice. Glad to have someone with a wealth of GMing under their belt come by.
Night, Saff. See you tomorrow.
Let me link you the latest edition, and then I will introduce myself.
It's a four-parter, you'll be able to navigate to the parts using the header on this document.
Hi, I'm Antioch, I'm a graduate student at the University of Alabama with a focus in biomechanics and prosthesis. My video games of choice are Bastion, Binding of Isaac, and a smattering of grid-type tactics games, like Final Fantasy Tactics, Fire Emblem, and XCOM. My tabletop systems of choice have recently drifted towards purely homebrews and Weaver Dice,
though I retain some love for Exalted, WoD, and Shadowrun.
I GM the Weaver Dice: Cleveland campaign, which is by a rough estimate, a year and two weeks long in the running, and on its 16th arc, slated to start soon and weighing in at a hefty 500K words (more than half of which I owe to my various and talented players, of course).
Outside of gaming, my hobbies include biking, cookery, and fisticuffs. I find pineapple on pizza to be unpleasant, but as consuming it is punishment enough for the crime, I do not attack pineapple-pizza-eaters on sight.
Was doing an introduction for Roaper, who is new to the chat.
BTW, did you see the Hadestown stuff I sang for you?
Which ones?
Going to the beach w/ Saff tomorrow, so I better get some sleep.
Later, guys.
He's one of the more verbose players, yeah.
Go for it, Mega.
From French gastronomie, from Ancient Greek γαστρονομία ‎(gastronomía), from γαστήρ ‎(gastḗr, “stomach”) + νόμος ‎(nómos, “knowledge, law”); analysable as gastro- ‎(“cooking”) +‎ -nomy ‎(“a system of rules or laws about a particular field”).
Some differences between the -logy and -nomy suffixes.
That's what I was hoping for, CoGo, making Freeman an itinerant psychiatrist.
It would be pretty slick to see him pop up in multiple campaigns.
In the case of continued Portland, I'm going to make Swash my own personal Manchurian Candidate.
I remember the mention of Amp. Queen during Cody's investigation of nearby flyers.
What about some flans? Flans would be nice.
Before, roughly a year.
Serk is aiming to join the Wards, though SOMA and CoGo don't have any intention of joining the Protectorate as far as I'm aware.
2, give or take.
Who was that... Hyperion?
Gungnir and Wraithraiser got turned down, the latter for obvious reasons, but I don't remember why the former went unwanted. You picked Undine over him, IIRC.
snaff
Don't open your mouth near his little snoot. He can't help it.
Oedipus Buck
I dig trigger #2
Really tickles me that there are more GMs hereabouts as of late.
Hmm?
Beneath its metal casing, it still yet lives.
Hear its weakening whinnies as it slowly asphyxiates in its golden shell.
You're welcome for the pony, Cam.
The area of focus for the chemicals might be a little different, too.
I vaguely recall the Tinker table for that, Lurks linked it to me for a second opinion.
Can't say I recall the finer details, Cogo.
The Bend is fucking me up right now. I ogled it too long.
_seen Marigold
Please don't try to blow up my nice headquarters, SOMA.
Row, row, et cetera
Man, Firlz spells "premises" like "nemesis" a lot.
I'm just going through the logs, rereading and editing as I go through. Don't want to rush through it.
Prenises: the Proto-Dong
Tactics drone seems more suited to giving you an XCOM-esque bird's eye view, to facilitate aforementioned tactics.
Comms might fall under, hm, Command?
Bwahahahaha.
That's not my wheelhouse, guy.
Good luck, Serk!
Good... suck?
Part of why so many Worm fanfics are set in BB, I think, Cogo
Easier for fans to fixate on an established setting
By the by, Tell, do you have a time squared away for Panda's session conclusion? I wanna watch it unfold live, in all its grisly glory.
Still cleaning up Firlz-logs.
"Behemoth didn't seem that dangerous to us until suddenly we were dying on our feet."
Khandhas, you numbskull.
Whoa, today?
I'll be driving down to the beach around that time, but Saff can give me the play-by-play off my phone, hopefully.
take that kind of talk to the dating sites, filth
Yeah, attacker wins all ties these days, Cam. Changed it after tie rules got a little too tricksy to remember.
Wow, that's pretty racist, Tuz.
You got something against hobbits?
;)
New roommate does that. Can't imagine how they walk on concrete/asphalt in this heat.
I dunno. With his powers, Serk might just be able to squeak by.
Incidentally, Tuz, did you come up with a docket of psych sessions you wanted to handle for the immediate future?
My NPCs and I are at your disposal.
Man, Interceptor already has his shit together.
Not unless it's special armor that buffs your guys
*guts
How many rats can I fit into a 12-gauge shotgun shell?
Well, this trick is worthless to me, huh?
I'll have to stick to the old 'hollow cannonball full of rats' trick.
Mmm, pizza rat.
I think someone mentioned Freeman visiting Detroit later on.
But logistically, how would he interview Omen?!
Interviewing Verdict sounds fun, though.
Whoo. Done with that one.
Another whopper, but not quite as emotionally engaging as Killhand's defection.
Firlz is... verbose.
And tends to pick at minutiae when I want to pick up the pace a little.
I don't think it will, Bow.
Even if it did, I'd owe more than half of the content to the players. :P
That's profound.
Machine Army quarantine zone
Yep.
I was considering the implications of a '$ass' command, but I think most people would parse it as 'ass' rather than 'sass'.
Looks like Billings is done, Teller. Feel free to refresh Cashy, I don't foresee any rolls coming up in Cleveland.
"Stab me to death while I call you mean names! $50 a session!"
Yo, Saff, what's the game plan after I clock out, we swing by your place to pick you up?
It is, but Feral doesn't really keep up.
Sorry to confuse you, Tuz.
No problem. I'm probably going to swing by Dunkin' before I head by your place so I have coffee for the drive down.
You want me to grab you anything?
The campaigns document?
That's me, Jig.
Which one?
Roger, thanks.
Woo! Go, Ashcloud Akira!
You stole that name from me. Dick.
It's a very succinct appraisal of the epic of gilgamesh, to be honest
LIKE A BAT OUTTA HELL
Around the end, I just had a GM screen up, rolled some dice and didn't look at them, and lied to my players that they were playing Pathfinder.
Technically yes, but am on my phone. No logs.
Didn't quite get t'finish em
Woo! Scheduling a trip to Baltimore, DC, Pennsylvania in July.
Little bit of both.
I go to DC pretty frequently, so I'll be taking it east there.
* easy
Visiting some friends, the zoo, Six Flags in NJ.
I'll get to say hi to SCG, at least.
saff says hi
it is done, vern
What's new today, guys?
I'm at the beach this weekend, not tuning in too much.
I'm three for three on deaths in the past three arcs of Cleveland, but all of them have been PK.
I enjoyed running it.
Took me a while to get out of a slump at the outset, but once the wheels started spinning, I had a good deal of fun.
One of the players would have died outright save for access to a perk that let them call in a favor (healing from the brink of acute radiation poisoning).
If you can't beat 'em, eat 'em.
What happens when Smokey Bandit finally dies in the street? Do they let Doug Thompson's family know?
RIP, Smokey.
I thought Dark Lord Prowess killed his ass.
@ Camtist
Big Al mascot is Case 53 in Bet
Roll Tide
What'cha chatting with Scrags about?
Oh, Mish's Balt legacy?
Or, not Balt, but yknow.
Finial?
Building yourself a twin is ambitious, Thal.
o/
I'm on vacation this weekend
Tiddybeams
I sent her a text for you, Bow
I know her Sundays are usually wholly free but I also know that you're travelling back tomorrow, IIRC.
Whoa. Vacation time is scrambling my brain
Need some recipes, Jack? I've been in those shoes.
How did the focaccia turn out, by the way, Dol? I'm planning on using your recipe for a pizza base.
Ahh, unconventional pizza, Dol. Brush with seasoned oil, bake, then spread with a sour cream / dill base sauce after the fact, topped with smoked salmon. Maybe some minced red onions, capers.
Damn right.
I wonder if eating finger food is harder for Silvi. Will a leg of chicken become crusted in hologram breading?
Woo!
Bow hand-formats his logs.
As he adds annotations here and there.
My client hides all of those for my WD  channels, Bow. Dunno if Chatzilla offers the same functionality, but it might well could.
Thanks, Meg. Going to go back through the old ones and preface them in much the same way.
Under "display options" you can toggle show leaves/parts.
Err joins/parts
Didn't roll the stat you wanted, Pelt?
Better luck next time.
Run, Silvi! Run!
Give 'em the ol' razzle dazzle!
(Razzle dazzle 'em)
I'm wondering if you've been to Griffe d'Ours now, Bow. :P
Any idea what type of critter it might be, guessing off local fauna?
Ha!
I think I saw Parfait at the Lodge. Not 100% sure on that.
Way to spit on that nice boy's advice :(
You could have been hero buddies
Hitting the beach, putting the phone away. Good luck, Rainbow.
Nice session, Dol.
An HQ HQ, if you will.
Depends. Can think of 2 characters with HQ perk.
For the first, unpowered manager of a corporate cape team, he was able to purchase a very swanky seaside headquarters with a respectable array of amenities. Sicol Bend's Nathaniel Schuyler.
For the second, rogue Tinker defected from a Toybox-esque organization, he was able to do his research and hijack an abandoned base previously shared by four Tinkers for their assorted project, and used his power to further expand it.
((Cleveland's Longinus.))
Can't think of other HQ perk characters.
I'm interested to see where SOMA takes his heroic cape.
Though I'll admit, at present, I'm most looking forward to Serk's first session on Wednesday.
Old Gear
Soul's current active capes are Wink, Tyr, Groundskeeper, AFAIK.
Have you had a session in Bogota yet?
Ah, neat. Didn't notice.
No, I wasn't in Grantsville.
My characters at present are Nathaniel Schuyler (Sicol Bend), Templar de Sang (Lausanne), and Maniobra (Bogota).
I thought CB was an NPC?
The Lodge guys don't like me, Dol.
I tried to take their radio.
Oh, and kill Petit Morty b
*.
But who was phone?!
Tuesday may be better than tomorrow, ColdGold
Tomorrow is going to be travel until roughly 5PM your time, unfortunately.
  Wisdom is a player stat, not a character stat.
zzz
G'mormle
@ Jack, newer campaigns include Wilmington, Lancaster, Billings, Miller's Creek, as far as I'm aware.
Wasn't Courageo working on that?
Would be one of those things where we get a newcomer to GM, me waiting in the wings to offer assistance/critique with writing & mechanics, I think?
I vaguely recall Bow playing around with Eagleton as a campaign premise, or maybe one of the other quarantine zones. Dunno if it's well-suited to newbies, but was first thing to come to mind.
I felt bad about my mortality rate being low, so I upped the ante by pushing players into situations where PK was a thing.
Still think I'm being to soft as a GM, more oft than not.
*too.
Scg is free from thurs-sat
I need more NPCs that won't hesitate to murk a player, but I need to slough off that hesitation in myself. Always feel bad, gotta shake it.
Feel like new GM might do well with a campaign that has a broadly established chronology, a finite start/finish
Is that the kill order one, Bow?
Oop, was thinking of Helena, haha.
Well, to be fair, Jack does cheat.
panth, tubs and I have experience with putting those together -- guide for a campaign such that other GMs could pick up the torch without too much hassle, right?
Not too many GMs were invested in Ledyard, and the newbie players that joined vanished without a consistent session schedule to keep them in chat.
Well, I am a master japesman.
Ahh. Back at home.
Clocking into work in two hours. Gotta keep those gears turnin'.
During work, will work on notes for CG's session, finish formatting Arc 15 logs.
Try and get older logs up to code, as well.
PC death rate is on the up-and-up.
Shout at me if you need any assistance.
And get perks!
You can slip that question mark by my name for the mentor list off, Bow. :p
This time, logs come complete with shiny annotations.
Cribbing from Bow AND Tell! Will my thievery never cease?
Playing around with the new IRCcloud display settings. Very pretty for main chat, probably doesn't jive with GMing. Still, I'll give it a spin.
Ah, where are you going to be Directing?
@ everyone who's taking a peek at the 15.3 document, you can see me playing around with some navigation features in the header.
Any thoughts?
Nah, just a Cleveland session.
Mmm, the power you posted?
If victims are fully conscious, what happens when one inevitably breaks and triggers while they're being puppeteered? :P
Another example of the navbar I'm hoping to implement in session logs.
Firl, you may be happy to know that your Khandhas [Tuesday] session is longer than Arc 2 in its entirety.
You monster.
Yeah.
That's 5PM EST, so around this time?
Cogo, with that in mind, I should be able to devote roughly 4.5 hours to your session tomorrow.
It may be a half-session, but I think I can find a good stopping point.
Any foreseeable interruptions during that interim (dinner, for example)?
Killhand trumps Khandhas by way of content this arc, I'm sorry to say
Just that her content is split amongst a handful of sessions, the first as Killhand, the second as Gwyn Pryce, and the third as her rebranded identity, Cwn Annwn.
Wink, I felt, was the deuteragonist for much of Arcs 1-8 or so.
The focus was particularly heavy on him during the first four or so arcs, as he (re)built the gang from essentially scratch.
Amphetamine Queen and Invictus were the protagonists, in a way, characters who burned brighter and faster.
Welcome back, Bow.
Safe travels when it arrives!
Nah. You can see the Citizen & Panoply session in Lausanne for an example, CoC.
I'm in between the Document and Resh era, AFAIK.
Joined first week of May 2015, just as the Wounds mechanic was being implemented.
Ah, yeah, Draft era works. I came in a week or two after the first Oakland draft.
Puttering along, puttering along.
Arc 15 has polish, annotations, I'm hoping to wrap this up tonight and make some headway on editing the prior logs to meet the same standard.
It's because you bastards don't want to take any downtime. :P
Every time things start to settle down, one of you motherfuckers stirs the pot again.
:P
Behemoth and SOMA were the most to blame for pot-stirring, yeah.
Apocrypha-shard gets an honorable mention.
Nobody's in the Borgata, so it's been really hard for me to depict the extent of the fallout caused by the Don's death.
And gauging the general intent of the incoming players, I think the spotlight will moreso shine on the Blackguards and Primus.
Organizations they may spring for, possibly. Oh, and the Wards, of course.
Caitiff, Cremator, Verminator, Bone Homie
No, they weren't.
I'm probably going to NPC Player One. Would have done that this arc, but I felt more comfortable letting three players in than four.
Either way, at least one guaranteed opening next time I spin the lottery wheels.
One of my roommates who expressed interest. Still poll him about it from time to time, but since we don't get to sit down and do IRC sessions, it's more like he's already an NPC whose motivations and actions are slightly informed by another party.
Entered the IRL auction with Saff and Snow, amongst other players, some of which dropped out rather quickly.
The dropouts quietly became NPCs behind the curtain. (Shrapnel, Bastille are two that come to mind.)
Want to do some psych stuff, Tuz?
The Good King still falls under that banner, I feel. Herger's job and new dog doesn't allow him to sit down and have a solid IRC session.
Welcome back, Woollybear.
Nah, TGK was once a PC who has since been NPCed, but retains some volition as far as long-term goals input by the guy who used to play him.
The psych session is near completion, Tuz, but we can continue to run, either Freeman and his notes or Freeman and Valiant the morning of the next day.
I feel like this sort of thing is really fun for both me, Tuz, and the players he interviews, in part because he has the know-how and an interesting medium in which to flex it.
I could see Firlz play a lawyer with a focus on parahuman cases, in a similar vein, bearing in mind prior discussions we've had on theoretical parahuman law.
Given the conflict nature of the shard, I assume it'd be moreso crime-related stuff than the bigger picture stuff that got taken care of a few decades ago (e.g. NEPEA, the rogue parahumans act)
It'd have to be ad-hoc, since every power is more or less unique.
Some finagling with some reaaaallly edge precedent cases, maybe.
You want like, this thick bristly carpet, just sloughing off as the razor glides over.
Before and after, stark contrast. That's what's up
Largely the same as what happens to Spree-clones.
What biomatter remains after the decay is unviable for most uses, save, perhaps, an emergency snack
((Which would have pitiful nutritional content, I'd suspect))
It's nice to see Freeman's thoughts in their raw form, before they crystallize into notes.
This guy ought to meet Oni Lee, given his line of thought, haha.
I feel like the general presence of Cauldron capes, which are by and large far more stable and less susceptible to the shard's wiles, might throw the data off somewhat.
I dunno, I'm imagining a pretty decent proportion of capes in the Protectorate's employ are vial capes.
"[17:37:54] <Anti|Feral> Before and after, stark contrast. That's what's up" What if you have to do more than one take, though?
You got two legs, Non, you can do two takes.
After the first two takes fuck up, I guess you can move on to the ass hair.
Dunno who else is prolific enough on this server to need to camp 40+ rooms, but I do agree with Non
Just forgot to maintain my zeal for the cause after I got NetAdmined and subsequently became exempt from said limit
And did largely the inverse to his victims.
Yeah. They are kill-ordered.
The remaining two, that is.
Lilith was originally considering going after them after pursuing the KO bounty on Megiddo.
3.5
Mishie is polite IRL
But not IRC, as evidenced above
;)
Does Non truly respect anyone?
No gods, no masters.
I'm visiting Seattle for a cousin's wedding, with some leeway to putter about the Oregon area. Will be swinging by Portland/Corvallis, and I may catch an Uber down to Eugene for the hell of it.
Looks like once I finish formatting Cwn's session, Saff might inch past Firlz. Admittedly, spread out over two characters.
Spelt isn't far behind, though his recent secret sessions aren't tallied.
Firlz's playstyle is well-suited to assist me in exposition and the potential introduction of new characters, whereas Saff's allows me to flesh out extant characters she interacts with, as well as have fun with watching her character dynamically unfold.
Wow, IRL money?
That's a good deal.
Oh, fair.
Oh, your trigger looks good, Serk. The dream bit feels a little odd. Maybe... reminiscing, digging through old letters/texts/online chats?
Likely I could start an hour early, Cogo
Too late, saff, Mish paid me under the table
Hey, Non. You need a new Tinker to replace Oz?
Aww.
A big red lollypop?
I was going to offer you Sentinel ;)
!addquote <Nonagon> Nach, upon Cwn getting stabbed in the butt whilst on the toilet by the ghost of Mortal Lock: "Good."
!search immortality weed
Possibly my favorite quote in all the database.
Lololol
Use | to separate
You caught me, guys, I'm just a one-trick pony and that trick is committing fake Tinker-assisted suicide
It's too late. He already stuck his dick in crazy
Fate is sealed
I don't mind a little bit of teeth scraping.
Just a smidge.
Yeah, that fits his character better, though I liked the ransack reference.
Certainly don't mind the change.
Too many donuts as a cop, that pig.
What's Non's director background, incidentally?
Aww. Any pets?
Wonder if she'd get along with the Portland director, who comes from much the same background
They're awfully close, geographically
fair point, Non. :p
you might not get along with the Portland director, then.
She looks at powers like a puzzle to be solved. Less about the mysteryC more about finding a workable solution
A hostage situation, where the hero has to beat down their spouse or otherwise watch them commit suicide at the hands of the Master
Hero chooses third option, where they get their ass beat by the Mastered spouse until dead
Draft, yeah, IIRC.
Why can't you drink anything, Lid?
Oh, nice.
I'll be free in a few, CG, after lunch/errands.
Hey mega.
Valiant/Feral eval transcripts are in
Let me p'bin
At least it's not clowns.
Here you are, Mega.
Looking forward to making a GDoc that compiles all of Tuzi's psych sessions.
Hope he can travel to other departments, tackle issues there.
Less 'get off my lawn' and more 'Western civilization is crumbling at this very moment', but I can get the analogy, Ace
;)
Thanks. Any thoughts or concerns with regards to the two capes on your end?
Is Chris P the webficguide guy, or the agent guy?
Think it's the former, but I can check myself later
Maybe speaking to him would inform some of your decision
But as it is, looking at Freeman's notes and attitudes, the guy is an outlier
Because he doesn't actively pursue combat or escalate, he just hides in his lab like a dweeb and does the same shit over and over again
Nonagon - would it be OK if I got edit rights to your NPC Bestiary (Unpowered) document?
I would like to bulk it out, for use in the Wichita campaign
Thanks, dude
Welcome back, Proth
I'm just at the cusp of the lower end.
Nah, I'm 21.
If suddenly having a computer was an integral part of your formative adolescence...
_seen Onitan
Rip
Man, what if all the Z suits could Voltron up
Nice.........
Ace, do you remember if Kilkenny did the Eastern suits or the Western?
OK, cool. Makes sense now
Killkenny (cat) 13th member of Eastern zodiac, Ouroboros (snake) 13th member of Western zodiac (Ophiuchus)
I originally thought Z had 22 suits, based on Tarot major arcana
Whoops!
Newbies get a session or two before things go to pot. :p
Poor gardener
Ready for Cogo in 15 min
Suit up, Cogo
welcome back, snaff
Man, what's Iggy's deal?
Why does he smell so weird?
Yeah, I attended college at 17.
I feel like this is rapidly degenerating into an argument about semantics and technicalities.
Mind terribly if I look at the tables, Spelt?
Thanks kindly, spelty
Ooh, Magi tinker gives me some inspiration to work with, w/r/t the Virus Tinker.
Saltcloud Akira
I like what I see, but have just finished List A, Bow
Bel has been here less, as of late, with his summer job.
Hope things end up alright, Vern.
Yeah, it's very, very habitual for me to write in second person.
I'm trying to switch to third, as it seems cleaner, and not much fiction is written in second person.
Need to flex my writing muscles, as I'm hoping to do some legit writing besides GMing over the summer.
Poor guy.
Poor Halal.
He's just left, perpetually in stasis, pretzel rammed up his dickhole for all eternity.
Sorry, Non, I'm in the midst of GMing. Can look over it later.
The latter seems the more expeditious option.
Hey, Serk, could you give me edit rights for Rat Boy?
Ahh, haven't checked
Still good for tomorrow?
Excellent.
Italics, Flit|Darkler 
Or their functional equivalent
Emphatic
Those pinks are dropping like flies
Pink, buddy, what's going on?
The join/parts are flooding my poor WD logs.
Ehh, GMing right now, can't be arsed to fiddle with syntax I don't know well enough
Log formatter'll clear it out, anyways.
RIP, THal
You should trick Malfire into going to Cleveland then
The halfway is Saff
!search parable
I still like Khandhas's retort to "Are you thick, son?"
yep
You kept writing sentences that were intentionally parallel to the circumstances of the initial trigger, which I felt was against the spirit of second triggering
Also, nobody was getting eaten alive in front of her
Very crucial aspect, that
He should also change his cape name to something less racist
I need to reformat the overall Session Logs doc to be a little more aesthetically appealing, I think.
G'luck with summer classes, Saff.
What're you taking?
I'll be reasonably free throughout the entire summer. If it's online homework again, I'll make a note of getting on your ass about the homework, making sure every assignment's done, but also making myself available to walk you through it.
With Cameron selling the house and liquidating most of his assets into disposable income to grease Primus's wheels, get a solid lawyer, and bribe other Columbus gangs to up the pressure on Emmanuel, funds might become an issue in the immediate future.
Something to keep in mind, maybe.
Absynthesis, Caitiff, Russian Roulette, ROFLcopter. Four Tinkers present.
Disproportionate, largely in part due to SOMA's meddling.
Whoa, I didn't even realize you were here
That was a lot more info than I thought I was going to dump. Glad my notes are organized enough.
God, I hate Bone Homie so much.
Masochism.
Largo al factotum della città, largo, largo!
I, uh, think she floats.
Smokey was cool, though.
Ah, $luck rolls, you mean?
Yep.
Yeah, old luck left a lot to player/GM interpretation
The new luck is decidedly more concrete in its execution
I had a blast, Cogo. Usually GMing for long stretches of time can really drag or wear on me, but I think we just burned through eleven-odd hours and I'm still feeling pretty jazzed.
Hey, I was hyped for it. I'm just going into Rat Boy's session with a game plan that'll fuck with him and I'm really interested to see how he'll react.
I did. The interactions with Cam were particularly enjoyable, and I liked that I got to touch both on his cape and home life in the session.
It's tomorrow.
I don't think I have any criticisms that immediately come to mind. Dodger feels very real, a character with depth, which your character sheet has helped a lot.
I'm interested to see what he'll do further down the line, now that he has allies, enemies, and his name is out there.
Here are the unedited logs of the session, I'll be cleaning them up further down the line.
Yeah, I'm definitely looking forward to seeing how he'll react when he finds himself out of his depth.
I'm also looking forward to seeing the Cameron and Emmanuel storylines progress, with the expectation of touching on Primus as the former continues.
Heh, yeah, Div. I have been GMing Cleveland for roughly a year and a month.
The resultant logs tend to stack up. I'm in the midst of tidying them all.
A very respectable 35 pages for your first session (and wholly uninterrupted, too!).
Thanks to all my players. Without them, Cleveland's intimidating bulk would be nonexistent. :)
That said, I'd better rest up so I'm fresh-faced to put poor Rat Boy through the wringer.
Hah. I can echo that sentiment, Div, a year or so deep into the rabbit hole.
WD is great fun, and I'm very fond of the community here.
I hope you like it here as well.
<Antioch> Hey, I was hyped for it. I'm just going into Rat Boy's session with a game plan that'll fuck with him and I'm really interested to see how he'll react.
<Antioch> That said, I'd better rest up so I'm fresh-faced to put poor Rat Boy through the wringer.
Ready when you are, Serk.
No rush.
Before we begin, Serk, do you have a preference for second or third person?
I've never met anyone who had the same name as me, except for a nice dog in Seattle.
Man, I'm really interested as to how Ratboy will respond to this.
You wouldn't fuck a eerily humanoid rat hooker, would you?
You’ve run away from home. Every kid does it, so you hear, but you feel like your parents don’t want you around. It’s been two weeks, and you thought your absence would teach them a lesson in appreciation, but you’ve seen neither hide nor hair of their searching for you. No police reports, no notices in the news or on telephone poles, nothing. Your
supply of cash is dwindling thin, and you find yourself facing the prospect of starving to death or going back home. Eventually, you suck up your pride, and you make the trek back to your neighborhood. You knock on the door, getting ready to face the music, but nobody responds. You glance at the driveway. There’s a parked car there. You pound on the door
harder, this time, press the doorbell. You swear you can see motion behind the curtained window next to the front door. No response. You beat your fists against the door after minutes of strained, gut-wrenching waiting, all semblances of pride gone. Trigger.
Damn, meant to pastebin that.
My bad.
Poor naive freddy, thinking his parents feel *guilty*
Is this what conclusion you jump to every time someone orders Italian food
That's bigoted! >:0
Hlelo.
I dunno that The Spectacular Tentacular is explicitly (heh) a sex cape
Moreso an unfortunate consequence of the specialty
The smoke also kinda ruins things
Yeah, Mega, they are
The "I made bread" graffiti really resonates with me.
Oh! That's me!
Which did you choose, Cogo? I would have gone with the former.
... or do they?
Kablooey, rat bits everywhere.
A floodlight or a land mine, tubes? :P
(^:
Poor, poor Rat Boy.
God, I hate Bone Homie *so much*.
Takes a few hours to make a rat, Serk.
The rat from earlier is skulking in the backyard, on the other side of the fence. Maybe you can find him.
Intangible, passes through a person, shears nerve connections/paralyzes/causes stroke-like effects?
Lumen of Lausanne has an electric shoving blast with a range of 5 feet, right?
I'd look at her as more of a Striker than a Blaster, despite her using it to propel cars.
Hmm, where did I get 5 feet from?
Ah, found it.
He didn’t get any mutation at all, despite the very high chance of getting glowing eyes, purple eyes, or something in that vein.  His vision modes include motion detection with some minor combat/tracking bonuses, binocular ‘zoom’ vision with a magnifying-glass-esque analysis of small objects, ability to ‘see’ mood and disposition, and a kind of
x-ray vision specializing on seeing living things.  There’s more to the vision modes that he wasn’t able to figure out in Cauldron’s labs.  Finally, there’s a secondary power, a ‘taser’ style, short-range blast (5’ out from fingertips) that carries a charge and shoves things away.
Sorry, Dol. I'll be free from GMing later today.
Link me the journal, Saff?
I don't think I've seen it yet.
Arigato
If Rat Boy joins the Wards, Mega, please keep her far away from Cwn Annw.
*him
*Annwn
Leviathan's really fast though. You can't run away from him.
Don't send one of the rat minions to Taco Bell. They'll just kill it and add its corpse to the meat stocks.
I think Gwyn's the kind of person who never got her driver's license.
During her brief stint in college, lived on-campus, walked everywhere.
Took a bus out, maybe? That's a good question.
Freddy is 14, Firlz.
Well enough, I suppose. Primus evolved from an insurance company, Firlz, so I imagine they have a very solid legal team. Also, they're operating as federal contractors in Cleveland and Columbus and Dayton.
Feral shouldn't get a motorcycle. She'd crash it a lot and it'd be expensive.
Well, OB, she was trapped under rubble for roughly a month in the wake of Leviathan search and rescue, dying on repeat every five seconds or so. I can only assume she doesn't want to repeat the incident.
Also, yeah, GU would do the trick.
Yeah, you've got it. There's a readme in the topic that'll help you get your bearings. Let me know if you've got any questions.
Psychiatric evaluation of Feral may give you some insights, answer some questions, OB.
There is a game set in Wichita Kansas that's slated to start shortly. As it is, the queue for players is already full, but if one of the applicants flakes out, it's possible you could replace their slot. 
Saff totally bites
Yeah, much like Alabaster, but with regeneration instead of stepping back in time.
Dodger is technically still a Sad Teen in his civilian identity, but his cape life is markedly better.
While you wait, Rince, if you're interested in whetting your beak on what it's like playing Weaver Dice, I can provide you with a variety of logs, session archives from previously played games.
I'd recommend the Lausanne and Sicol Bend logs before anything else. The dice rolls are annotated, which will help you as a new player get an idea of the mechanics of the system in action.
Ampersandioch
Sorenson is the guy who manages Branding and PR in Cleveland.
Yeah, there are three.
It will be #WD_Wichita, OB, but there is also a GM-only channel.
Excellent in what way?
Very astute, Cogo. Right in one.
His minions are loyal if they're close by, leaning on Freddy's intelligence to inform their actions. Farther away, they get closer to dumb dogs.
No minion-sense, though, Firlz.
Chronologically prior to your dinner with him, CG.
Let me know your thoughts on the various capes Dodger has introduced to him, Fir.
Cogo called the bar 'sidequest city', which I think is reasonably apt.
Hmm, I think so, Fir.
Re; having a session
They were in Pittsburgh at the time, Firlz.
Only the higher ups, Ace.
11st person???
Holy shit!!
5th person, as per Khandhas
Who was Eden shard nat trigger? L33t, Alabaster (?), who else...?
Hey, Bow-Bow. Is today a writing day for you?
Pokemon happened before the Kyushu incident in our world, but maybe the cape-centric pop culture meant it didn't get made or didn't catch on.
Was wondering if you wanted to schedule a session for this weekend, chit-chat about info, situation on the ground, potential name change.
Smanger
A Cleveland villain with the ability to siphon energy and wakefulness from others via line-of-sight, and imbue it to himself or his subordinates.
Much of his success arises from the fact that power obviates his and his underlings need for sleep, hence the efficiency.
Saff's character, formerly Killhand, now Cwn Annwn, defected and joined the Protectorate.
Her body constantly exudes a dark fog, which she can harden into claws or armor. The claws have the ability to distort space, leaving rifts suspended in midair that mangle objects which pass through them.
Yep, here you go, Lyrs.
@ Nonagon - did you get Tough Motherfucker or Berserker for your Sicol Bend director perk
I can only hope to make a character as reviled as Nordmann one day.
Max Darnell is practice.
Logs are cleaner than ever.
This one serves as a decent introduction to the situation in Cleveland, I think. There's not too much context missing.
I think Tuzi would love to see Ratboy's session.
I mean, if they can't, then I doubt they could tackle the 500K-odd words in the entirety of the logs. :P
With the margin edits, it went down from 80-something pages to 44.
I think that eventually the city will reach a state of equilibrium, and I can divert my attention to other campaigns. Maybe revisit Cleveland during the Worm timeskip era, after Khonsu makes his appearance, when things get chaotic again.
Hm? Ah, no, I'm just reformatting the Session main sheet.
Nah, was working on it, got sidetracked w/ Wichita and Cleveland stuff.
Woo, finally scheduled an appointment with the sleep lab.
Glad you think so, Mega.
Mega, is Saturday or Sunday better for you, session-wise?
Diminished versatility to start, with room to grow and expand into different flavors of rats. Kung fu rat, Biting rat, Toxic rat, Muscle rat.
OK, Sunday it is. As far as time of day, how about three hours prior to now, give or take?
Plump rat is the most OP of the rat varieties
It has high pips in Guts and Withstand because it's so rotund
I'd only need you for the earlier half, I suspect, for the briefing and discussion, so it works well.
Long or short distance, non?
Round is... 6 sec?
Yeah, roughly what I had in mind, Non
Magnesium-flare white
Gotcha, Serk.
Don't mind pausing for dinner. It can go until I feel we've reached a good stopping point.
I don't really see Wink as the Viserys-type
Same school
Hey, Tuzi!
I bet you'd have a field day with this Cleve session
Poor Serk's parents are the *worst*
Some of the concerns raised are legitimate.
Prior incidents where Wards were injured, the fact that there are two known killers on the Protectorate team, neither of which look very good in the public's eye at present.
Ouch.
He doesn't have a variety of rats yet, Spelt.
All of his rats are Skulk Rats.
"keep out of sight, typically with a sinister or cowardly motive."
I told you, Pelt. Plump Rat is top tier.
He'll be a milestone bonus.
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 272)
Valiant's past is public, but he's well-respected in the public eye enough to where people don't call him out for being a cold-blooded killer.
!search rat tea
Yeah.
Toxic Rat, Muscle Rat, Kung Fu Rat, Business Rat
Hm, probably not Business Rat
The shard doesn't care for Business Rats, I expect.
The Razzle-Dazzle Rat
You could have a rat-a-tat-rat that has a tommygun.
Dedicated patrol maintaining the security of Cleveland State University campus and its environs, among other things, Lid.
Ooh, Pied Piper would be a decent cape name.
Yeah. She's in your year.
She was also at the party that Artful Dodger crashed, which is why she didn't answer the phone.
She probably just avoided you.
Family was kind of stifling and straight-laced. She made some upperclassman friends, they showed her a way to burn some time while school was out.
Welcome back, tubes
Impromptu move-out turn out OK?
I'm glad I am capable of making you feel that way
Tubes is back in business
He wants to run your ass
Over, that is, with a pickup truck
glad to see we're on the same page, tubes :^)
Imagine it -cling-
Mmm, sensual
Grats!
Thanks, Firlz. That ambiguity is what I was hoping for.
I absolutely couldn't have pulled this off without Bow's help
And I'm very happy as to how it turned out
Or is turning out, presently
Hey, you can always have a functional cape who's a vial purchaser
Cauldron makes it a point to inject stable, functional people into certain groups to keep them from boiling over
We're crafting some triggers and NPCs, discussing the groups in Wichita at present, to give you an idea about the progress, Mazinja
"Just" a pizza??
We can't have bigoted comments about pizza in here
That's tantamount sacrilege
The 'T'riumvirate, if you will
I feel like it's an opportunity for the experienced GMs to learn from their peers and shore up their weaknesses, too.
Tell and I are pretty solid about logs, but I know there are a lot of spots in my GMing I feel could use more polish.
Pacing, dialogue come to mind.
Not that I'm aware of, Coffee.
Looks like there is one now, Coffee
#WD_Wichita
What's Firlz's power/cape name?
Not a problem, Serk. I had a blast.
You played a -really- solid 14-year old.
Nothing felt weirdly out-of-character and all of Freddy's decisions made sense IC, not to mention I got a solid look into his thought process / emotions.
Keep it up, Serk.
Logs are up, in the process of getting tidied up.
Enjoy Rat Boy's suffering.
Doesn't fit the tone I was hoping to convey, with Downsize's character
Hope that's OK with you, that I'm making her diction a little less elevated
:p
Woo, Rat Boy logs all clean.
Hope you guys like them as much as I did.
Any feedback/critique on the Ratboy sesh? First time writing that kind of parent so I'm always looking on things to improve on
Was afriad I was too ham-handed
I'll keep it in mind for next time.
I think my thoughts at the start were to gutpunch him with a sudden and overwhelming shift in expectation, rather than have it creep up on him, cloying and artificial
But I think the latter I avoided because I wasn't very sure how to execute it well
A weekday afternoon next week, perhaps?
That was easy. Awesome.
The fact that the follow-up was Ethan crying over a tiny Xbox controller is honestly the most atrocious the bit.
For sale, baby xbox controller, never used
In the 'so bad it's funny' way
Poor Bum Tickley. He'll never live it down.
16, IIRC
Yeah, non. Would you believe I was the kind of kid who kept up with that webcomic as it updated, at the time?
All the way up to the shitty ending where robots killed everything and the entire series was rebooted
Man, now I'm thinking of the shit I did in my early teens on the internet.
Woo, sleep lab appt scheduled for tonight
Thought it'd take longer
@ ColdGold -- overnight stat @ hospital, hooked up to var. devices to pin down sleep issues I've had in the past, like insomnia, narcolepsy
*stay
Morning, Ratboy
Humanoid doppelgangers that are rats in disguise form slowly in the shadows.
Sammy was one dead rat in a bunch of rain coats
Good memory
IRCcloud DCs after two hours of idling, and the free mode only allows connection to two servers
But, since I have it always pulled up on my tower at the lab and am only on two servers, it's nbd
Up to Tell. I'm free whenever
Need to schedule a session with SOMA, too
Durr
I mean, Moose Tinkering is pretty versatile
Ha! Freeman is already moving out and about
I guess this means that Cwn Annwn can't brutally murder him in a session
Got that Plot Armor
Heheh
Hear that, Saff?
You can still kill his ass
Wow, Freeman's a monster
Remember that time you told Feral it was OK to kill herself
Smh
I did
My roommate got this for his birthday once
It's remarkably good
Ooh, that looks tasty, Faust
Thanks for bringing it to my attention
I love the flavor profile of cold brew coffees, so I can get an idea of what that might be like
Something to try, later on down the line, perhaps
Just a continuous stream of shit, flowing without surcease
He's good at what he does.
Incidentally, Saff, I don't know if this type of thing is your speed (or how it aligns with your schedule over the summer) but are you aware of the Wichita campaign?
Hey, welcome to the chat, Athena
Depends, chlor.
If you're a Striker, then melee combat tends to be a necessity.
You get a bonus Armor point if you take enough pips of Withstand, OB.
Some notes on the reputation, dubiousness track about resorting to firearms right off the bat.
Violates the sanctity of the 'cops & robbers' setup.
Tinkers get a pass in that doc, Thal.
I think the focus is more on the rep than the OOG actions for now, OB.
I'm really delighted at the Conflict v. Yield track.
Hope it inspires my players to play more proactively.
He'd been sitting on the information, waiting until the game was sufficiently upended before releasing it.
So I think chlor has the right of it, even if he made steps to break the unwritten rules before things went to shit.
Because he waited until -after- to make his move.
I'm available roughly whenever, save for Sunday.
Not right this instant.
It's likely I'll do a brief one this afternoon, with respect to Cwn Annwn's discussion with Branding
Saturday, I'll try for SOMA if he's reachable, Sunday is Mega and W'bow. Sometime next week on a weekday will be Non.
Are you looking for new players, tubs, or...?
You have... Crowd Control, Kitty Corner, and Tyr?
Give me a moment to glance at the Dallas sheet, it's possible I might be interested.
Mmm, reasonable. Given your prior scheduling issues, you might want to be more selective, bumping people who are here more than 66% of the time over the course of two weeks.
CoGo should be a consistent player.
OK, have a gameplan for all upcoming sessions, save for SOMA's.
Abstractly, want to put him in a bend-or-break situation as he sets out to achieve short-term goals, but not entirely sure how that'll play out, as his short-term goals have been disappointingly vague.
Habit of making grand, overarching villainous schemes kicking in the ass, maybe.
The Simurgh certainly 'winged' it.
Sorry.
The audience boos when you crush dancing college kids with a giant 400lbs speaker!
Heh.
I know you'd expressed interest in the Blackguards, but I'm interested to see how your general reputation travels inexorably downward after you snub poor Breach and immediately buddy up with the folks who might be the least stable in the room (sans Mastodon).
Caitiff is a lovable scoundrel, but the operative word is 'scoundrel', not 'lovable'. :p
Hah.
For the curious, the six injured by the speaker suffered (nasty bruise, nasty bruise, nasty bruise, broken arm, broken lower leg, broken ribs [three]).
Clarissa is fine. She left the warehouse as soon as rumors that a cape would show up crossed her ear, because she's a sensible girl and was brought up properly.
What other WD Clarissas do you know, Tell?
Undine is a Clarissa, as well.
It's the hip new replacement to the Dvorak keyboard.
What's the current channel limit, Non?
30 channels?
I'll return to it once it's possible for me to do so without spreading myself too thin.
11 active players is enough for me at any given time, given my pacing.
Glad you liked it. Was concerned I went overboard on the info dump, hope to shed more light on Freddie's home situation next session
I like her
Was a fun character concept to work with
||
signifies you're done writing, and it's their turn
I personally don't use one, but I tend to play with players who respond within 10 minutes or less.
still @ hospital. gimme 1hr
whoa, saff
i can see your house from here
Cape name "Moneyshot"
Ready, Saff?
What?! Well?
No! How will I GM my many players?!?
You've doomed them aaaaaallllll...
Git! Git! Shoo!
That's the plan, Serk. You were anonymoose, last time, right?
Good, I'm hoping you'll make a reappearance.
Might have to convince pops to take off that web filter
;)
Nah, I'm kidding. After the awkward pseudo reconciliation, it's reasonable to think he'd concede that front
Weird to think that I really enjoy playing these social giants like Sorenson and Schuyler, when IRL my Soc is more liable to be a 2
Part of what Sorenson mentioned, I think, where typing online lets you carefully consider your words, the delay being less of a factor
It's almost hilariously easy to doxx me
Just need to google my realname
Shame, that
Perhaps you ought to work on your google-fu
Hahahaha yeah.
Growing up, I wasn't a big fan of my first name or my middle name
Yep
I don't think I can pull off being a 'CJ' nowadays
I bet if I'd taken that nickname as a kid my personality would have been a lot different
patron saint for the recovery of lost items, Ace?
Hmm, what's a good last name for a Thomas, given French heritage
Thomas Moreau
Lefevre?
damnation
Hm, think I know what it is.
Recall it from your GDocs name.
What animal was it?
Sounds like a stuffed elephant's name
Think my first stuffed animal was a seal going by the moniker of 'Noo-noo', so I think I'm pretty damn close.
heroes never die
Log tidied. Can continue sess. later this afternoon, Saff.
Will likely be putting up blank PHO doc for you to mess around with again.
SOMA not free today, so his sess. will have to wait until next week. Tues? Wed? Have to be in the lab a lot this upcoming week, so it's up in the air.
@ Firlz
You here?
Was wondering if you were still interested in GMing for Wichita
Haven't heard much from you on that front
_seen JustLurking
Haven't heard much from you or Jurk, on that note
Still going to GM you, Saff
Good thing about RPing a gungan is I only really need to use a fraction of my mental processing power
Ayyy
I will not
welc back, scrungus
So blind I can't even answer that question for you.
Doughnut Golem
b b
Did you get my invite to the Wichita GM channel, Lurk?
what the fuck is up with you kids and your slang
i don't understand a lick of it
was just going to name the dead kiddo
still, head clanging
gnight
gmormle
Brawn stat of 8 to deal crit dmg?
To have a chance of dealing, that is
Hm, that doesn't sound bad.
Well thought out, Non.
Frisbee and weirdly flat but circular rock
g'day, wilbur
give me a whistle when you want to do your session.
or, indeed, if you have any questions beforehand
Mega is eating supper right now, so I'm in no rush
Do you know Othala/Galv/Cask's triggers?
... and it doesn't apply to people, so.
At that point you'd need a different trigger, no?
Maybe some radiation cape gave him stomach cancer, I dunno.
Triggers aren't pick-and-mix mad libs.
Different perspectives/approach when it comes to this discussion, some of us favoring the narrative, some of us focusing on the mechanical/gameplay implications
Since we're talking in the context of WD, I like to think along the lines of the latter
Roger dodger! Just need for Mega to return from supper and I can get things started
Private to people who would be in a position to gain knowledge from that session that might inform their gameplay in my campaign, subconsciously or otherwise
I presum
*presume
Huh, are there any rabbit-themed capes
Nousagi
But I think that's it
Minor wounds that stack up each round but don't go away after respite
Unless capable of breathing.
Deputy Strangler
I'm paging through the parahumans wordpress, Spelt, and I'm not seeing it
Shoot him
Was looking at this 2ch transcript, earlier, which seems like good fodder for a trigger.
!search ass pennies
As prompted by the earlier comment re: horcruxes
!
Yeah, go for it
Just let me know when a good time to resume is, for you
Barring Monday, availability is very flexible.
Not a problem, Meg
Yeah, now is a decent stopping point as any.
Understandable. I wouldn't mind resuming when the both of us are juggling less things, myself
Hope the two of you enjoyed yourselves, nonetheless
Wish SOMA was here.
Mm. Non-- you're busy on Fri/Sat, right?
I wouldn't be against running you now, unless the too-short-notice is unappreciated.
Ping me if you're up for it, I'll be puttering about with my research for the time being.
Mm, productive day.
Yeah. Anyone can, save for the player. Best to leave it to group consensus, but GM has final say.
Just had a slight breakthrough w/r/t my foot prosthetic project, enough accrued data/inspiration that I was able to put out 6 pages of hypotheticals, designs, directions to move forward.
Now it's largely the matter of forcing myself into the grueling task of assessing and evaluating carbon fiber in multiple configurations, determining which ones are the more workable.
From what I understand, Cam, certain GMs have been calling dibs on one player or another, mostly bearing time zones in mind.
Not that I'm aware, but I've also not been keeping track of them.
Bah. I'm hungry.
What's the campaign
Tsk, tsk
I pulled up the proper syntax and everything
Can't wait to see WB snap and bash Rat Boy into a bloody mess
Mm-mmm.
ass right there freezehole
Evening, Teller.
Only some esoteric ones.
Heavens to Murgatroyd!
Say, Teller, do you have an approximate timeframe for my upcoming Sicol Bend session? I'm relatively free most days, but it can help to have a chunk of time blocked away so I don't go GMing willy-nilly.
Wednesday afternoon sounds pretty good.
@ nonagon -- up for a session today?
I'm good anytime after 12PM, Non.
Do you have a preference?
Roger that. I'll start prepping.
I agree with the tier list from the mechanical standpoint, which is where I think you're standing as well, so it makes sense.
Maniobra is a precog, of sorts.
Could do a diet Dinah precog power. In combat, player asks: "What are my odds of dodging this attack?"
GM rolls enemy attack behind the curtain, gives legit odds based on dice probabilities.
Pretty much, yeah.  Dynamic DCs are predetermined when they ask that type of question.
I dunno if it would be fun to play, but it's an interesting concept to play around with, at least.
Yeah. Mechanical execution of precognition is difficult and generally manifests as static bonuses accrued by procession information about a potential future.
Dynamic bonuses along the lines of standard rerolls or morale rerolls are also feasible.
There is, from my point of view, a narrow scope of how to implement that type of thing in WD, but I might not be thinking creatively right now.
It's not an issue I've given much thought, as I tend to favor skill/combat Thinkers.
Ready, Non?
My cape name is "Embolism"
Largely depends on personal metric for accomplishment, I feel.
Full Throttle is an OK pun, not a shitty one.
I feel slightly worse than before, but not enough to put me off my day.
Head over heels I generally hear in a romantic context, that being said.
If someone's getting judo flipped or the like, ass over teakettle feels more fitting in my books.
Afternoon, Bow.
Going off of papyrus 115? 616 and 666 are technically both gematria for Nero's name, or variants thereof
"Full Throttle, in an unprecedented act of loyalty, crams the USB stick right up his ass with no hesitation."
Was it me? I think it might have been someone else.
Gimme a sec
Will be moving to #WDCleveland2 to continue, Saff
Sure. Draft a PM, I can raise it in the upcoming session, depending on if she sees it amidst all of the messages asking for tit pics.
OK, here it is. Have fun, kids, once Saff gets the initial post started.
Might repost PHO thread tomorrow lunch/afternoon when traffic is higher / people aren't as distracted.
Yeah. News cursorily glanced over at breakfast time would tell Nach as much.
My fault for glossing over it, should have mentioned.
@ Saff|Work -- annotations are PR edits. You can clear them when you've read 'em.
"[19:03:00] <Antioch|GM> Loup-Garou fixes him with a nasty look. "I wasn't talking to you, to be fair," he mimics, using a dumb baby voice." Classic Loup-Garou.
I'm starting to get a better handle on playing him. It's kind of fun, I'll be a little sorry to see him gone.
Twists are part of the Luck sheet on the detail generator, IIRC.
I don't think we use them at all.
The edits are retroactive.
I thought I would need to take a break, but it's honestly been really enjoyable GMing as of late. There's not been a session that just sort of drags on.
Good job, players, for being really fun to GM.
I didn't know he had one.
Snerk
You could always write a trigger.
RE: Trigger, or Tinker methods?
Focal + MadSci is in my notes a T. Vision.
Television?
Tunnel Vision. Ah.
Have been exploring the 'resources' category a little more, imagining it.
e.g. Resources x Controller is Sweatshop
It'd take some digging around, but I think a dedicated netizen with a grasp of google-fu could pull it off, Nick.
Those are some eerily thin Sentais
Look at how pinched they are
Saff is getting dinner
No problem, Non. Glad you had a good time, I did too.
Honestly hadn't realized it'd been 8 hours.
For future reference, if any of my players aren't about ironmanning a session from lunch 'til midnight, I'm more than happy to halve or third them. As of late, sessions have been very fun and engaging for me, so I lose track of time and don't really get worn down.
Think pacing is still something I need to work on, that being said.
You were at donner, Saff?
Which family member did you eat?
"Donner and Blitzen" makes a lot more sense now, Vern
I should be adding commentary/editing Saff's posts
But am dinnering
Will put a check mark next to Cwn posts that have passed muster.
Man, which street is this?
I'll go over the PHO stuff and then give logs, Saff
Let me pull out my laptop.
Ha. If you like.
That's a fair point. I like that thought, and I'll keep it in mind.
Serkpuppets, if you will.
He's too good. It's the only explanation
:0
I got no strings to hold me down
To make me fret or make me frown
I had strings, but now I'm free!
	𝖳𝖧𝖤𝖱𝖤 𝖠𝖱𝖤 𝖭𝖮 𝖲𝖳𝖱𝖨𝖭𝖦𝖲 𝖮𝖭 𝖬𝖤
esoteric unicode, meant to look like scary all caps in a different font.
Aw, boo. Failed on two counts.
Today or in Zoup
Some unnamed mooks. Keandre got his fingers broken and his knee dislocated. Unnamed mook got shot in the chest. Travis legged it. Dave & Dean & Rodney & Joe Jack (the shitty band) were not present.
he mad
If you read Cleveland, pardon my dust. I'm currently reformatting.
Hey Mega. Available on Thursday to meet with Gigawatt, speak to Vorpal?
Great.
He's your Vor"pal".
In a fight? On a date?
Hmm, idle day today. No sessions slated to GM, no books left to read.
Wonder what's on the docket.
Just do what I do, and cry all the fucking time.
Of the five listed triggers, the first is probably the one I think is most polished.
The dream bit feels a little contrived. Could maybe have it be prompted by digging through old school memorabilia, yearbooks.
Rather than a dream, nostalgia + drunkenness combo could lead into a protracted online stalking session where the triggeree realizes that they're the root of the problem.
I'd have a lot of difficulty generating a power for triggers 2 and 3.
There are two vastly different factors at play, and I'd be hard-pressed to reconcile them thematically, off the top of my head.
For the second, I feel like it could be boiled down to 'you got mangled by a bus because you're clumsy', which doesn't really resonate with me too much.
Hard to reconcile the two, because on the one hand, it's a lifetime of a problem, but on the other hand, a bus hits you out of nowhere and is tangential to the long-term problem.
It's like a Tinker trigger where someone's dealing with a long-term problem, but before they snap and have a Tinker trigger, someone shoots them in the kneecaps for a somewhat related reason.
If pressed, I'd do a Changer/Brute with some mechanical aspects, passive Tinkering as per Ogun directed towards the self, with the trigger as is.
But the trigger itself doesn't hit the notes I usually like to see in triggers. No gut punch, no depth.
@ Saff -- just finished adding edits to the PHO doc.
Back to reviewing triggers.
I dunno about the edit. Like, it's not an insurmountable problem, and the appointment can be rescheduled.
This clumsy dude seems like a loner, because nobody offered him a lift to the appointment.
Maybe you could focus on that.
Self-conscious about clumsiness, cuts off social contact, trying to juggle embarrassment at being clumsy and self-sufficiency, not wanting other people to mock him but being incapable of living on his own.
Hrm. I'm stretching a bit here, but hope you get where I'm going with this.
I annotated and edited her posts on the PHO doc, acting as PR.
Crucial that her character is aware of the annotations and edits in-character, as it's part of Sorenson grooming her to do better with respect to public speaking and interaction.
Can disable the changes in settings.
By the way, when's a good time for a session this week?
Would love to run you before the 15th.
IIRC, have a session tomorrow with Tell. Could swing it, depending on how long it takes and when it is, once I'm done with that session, but weekend is good for me too.
Evenin', Tell
And then he could unload it all onto an unwitting victim, suffocating them in cocaine.
It's the ultimate offensive power.
The Chokecaine.
Feel free, Lex
I think I'll give going to bed a dedicated attempt
Wish me luck
I can't get the dude wasted. He's a rockstar.
Man, now I gotta tell Rinaldi what happened.
The devil's work is never done.
Is Shakesphere Tell's punniest cape name?
I liked Dire.
Good timing, SOMA, just finished my Sicol session
Can run you, no guarantees it'll be a full session.
Let's start at 5?
You shame me.
Woo, today's a session double header day
At least there's the fact that they're gone forever
Silver linings, my dude
Feel free to get in touch with the Keepers any time it makes sense for you, in character. My contact information is available to the public.
If you end up doing PHO, it's probably pretty easy to set up a private message Google Doc.
Depends on if your parents will even let you get on the internet, now.
What's up, Tuz?
Sure. I'm running Scrags but I can do two at once.
Who's next on the docket, remind me?
What happened to your elbow, Saff?
That's called cubital tunnel, Saff
Same mechanism
Have some advice from carpal tunnel that can apply, one sec
Keeping the arm straight with a brace that binds ice onto the elbow joint helps
Uh, the cruel hand of fate is literally always here, dude
Your metaphor suuuuucks!
What's in the fridge?
Hmm. Dunno about tonight, but if you want to come over tomorrow, I'll be doing pork cutlet curry.
I wanna make some orecchiette pasta, but I'm gonna need to get some italian sausage for it. Only ingredient I'm missing.
Get the ciabatta rolls and the prosciutto-mozzarella pinwheel.
Sure. I'm GMing right now, anyways.
Minced purple onions are nice in salads and sandwiches.
Purple onion rings kinda suck, though. I prefer white or yellow onions.
@ Non|Sonderman -- you should personally spit in all her meals from now on
I do need to come by the PRT office sometime.
Hm, have you still not figured out the conditions for the overcharge element?
Man, what happened to giving the girl a cake for murderlizing Akira?
Hm, OK. Session wasn't bad. Sad I didn't get to show off Heckler's mechanics in more detail.
Lots of sessions today. Good job
She's stealing the chair!
Don't let her do that.
At least bill her for the chair.
He's just a fat man with a fat bat
Be nice to Wan
No, I wouldn't
Good luck with the interview, spelt.
The food's good, hey
Is AA's corpse just sitting in Playpen-land, chillin'?
Does anyone have Megafire's contact info
Is he playing overwatch
>.>
Ah, sorry Tell
Had thought he'd run it by you
I was thinking a burner phone call was more feasible, in any case
Phone call, then?
You can!
Oh... I thought that was her fancy car...
Quick! To the Dolmobile!
I'm good whenever, OB
And when he couldn't take her out in one hit, he lost.
Sensible enough.
Is Tell available, OB?
It's his campaign, I sure'd think so.
People kill guns.
Would one of you kindly ping me when Mega gets on?
He's needed, albeit briefly, to interact with the errant cokehead Gigawatt.
Oh, not an issue that requires immediate attention, but session #11 summary box has typo of "former" rather than "formed".
Ohoho.
I'm liking it. The Swoop In specialty makes me grin.
Playpen, I suspect.
Do you want logs of my discussion with Olive?
Sure. Ping me when you get back.
Not a problem, Tell.
There you go.
I dunno, Cam. You seem to be matching my pace.
Yeah, mob vote ranks Cauldron app between 1 to 5
Higher ranks means better vials
The Sulk
I have one upcoming slated for Tuz, but that's just me desperately trying to keep ahead.
Only a little.
They are silly names, and you should spit on them.
It was a hero team, IIRC.
Caitiff is a bad boy and you should be ashamed of hanging out with him, Cogo.
Obviously they kill another civilian who matches those characteristics to keep everyone guessin'.
Unclear desire for powers, hrm.
Gotta bear in mind that Cauldron isn't in it for the cash. The cash is just a barrier to see who's really willing to go the extra mile for powers.
And also to put power buyers in a position where they're indebted to Cauldron, in exchange for a better power than they can 'afford'.
If you have powers, odds are pretty darn good that you're going to be throwing yourself in the thick of things.
The exceptions, the guys who don't play the shards' game or are otherwise in the game in some other capacity (Nilbog, for example), either get fucked over (Leet) or get shoved into conflict when it's the last thing they want (hmm, Burnscar?).
When is Dallas set, Tubes?
From cauldron's perspective, I'd offer a vial with a high deviation percentage
Here Non
What's up
Best of luck with your tournament, Firlz.
The answer is less exciting than you think; I just like counting starting from 0 rather than from 1.
?
Golgotha
I recommend duplicating the document in its entirety and working from there
I remember that quote.
I was eating dinner in Birmingham at a Korean joint that let you cook your own bulgogi in the middle of the table.
Haha, I just remembered that quote and the context in which i read it
Which reminded me of that dinner
And now I'm hungry :(
Damn, I hate sad stories.
Stabbing Nemean is roughly equivalent to gently patting anyone else all over their body.
Which is a little gropey, but not lethal.
Damn, I liked her
I feel like he would have made an attempt to convert Swole to the light side
[in the voice of someone in the Brotherhood's pocket] Oh no. One of the Wolves is dead.
To a given extent.
I'm with the Keepers, though they're paying me and I'm colluding with them.
I'm looking forward to the weekend in Sicol Bend. Hopefully, with the Brotherhood off of their back, I can tap Rinaldi for some robo-men to kick sand in the faces of highschool supervillains.
You have been living in the bottom of a well for 15 years. Trigger
Best of luck Words
Do try to collapse somewhere safely
Oh, wowy.
I dunno if there's anyone here that cares, but I'd be wary of that type of spoiler
I liked GMing Vic.
The Dutch have infected even more of Bet Africa
Dun dun
Hatchet Face was a hero
Before he joined the 9
Whoop, misremembered Hatchet Face
Wonder how I got that conclusion
All that matters is that you had fun!
So long as you're enjoying yourself, that's what counts
@ ColdGold I am here
Sure, what was the roll?
Fuckin' niiiiiiice.
Wanna do a sesh today, Toozi
Undine and Sorenson on the docket
No problemo. Sheet is already underway
Just gotta adjust for flaws
No prob, Tuz
I gotta get groceries first
Lanie is a great NPC. Almost as good as Swole, may she rest in peace.
I dunno, I just have a very clear mental image of her even though you've not interacted overmuch yet.
Yo
@ Panda
dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/45674515/widgets/log_formatter.html
Sure
I think that's reasonable
There are sessions I'm not as fond of, as the GM
I'm happier with the newer sessions for obvious reasons
My fault, for trying to run two campaigns simultaneously
It's a project I'll resume once Cleveland is over
There are options to offer Tinker advancements that make for a good session (heist or shipment theft, fight X parahuman for battle scans) that are also in line with the shard promoting conflict
There's an inherent narrative thread that resonates throughout many, if not all, Tinker storylines
I hope you don't take this the wrong way, iridium, but you don't seem like the type of person whose playstyle I'd mesh with, as a GM
Not a personal slight, just that I've had the strangest sensation of being wholly out-of-sync with you for this entire conversation
I can't place my finger on why, which is vexing
When I hear 'roguelike' the first thing that springs to mind is 'procedural generation'
Only in power gens that I'm largely unhappy with
There's a poetry to generating a power from a trigger that can't be echoed through procedural generation
Just as the shard draws from the depths of the subconscious, things only clicking into place in the context of the trigger as per a waking dream
The pleasure of Weaver Dice is partaking in an active and dynamic narrative shaped by your fellow players and GM, for me
I'd disagree on the count of Lilith
We discussed it in PM
You'll note I leaned on her Apocrypha-granted paranoia to dissuade her from going
There was protracted thought on the subject, and it was her in-character decision to retrieve her belongings
Motivations to not resort to thievery, acquire mementos, et cetera
A different can of worms, to be certain
I'm happy about how that character arc ended in a strange way
Certain plot threads severed in a messy way that doesn't usually happen in a written narrative
Hm, not in that fashion, no
I'm thinking along different lines
Trying to come up with a suitable analogy, but it's proving difficult
Sometimes you make plans to meet your estranged uncle, but he dies before you make the trip. Life goes on.
People die and their stories are largely unfinished, awkward final stops placed in locations where a narrative would never break.
Around them, things continue, stories continue being told, and their lives flow around that yawning pit like a tongue over a gap in a row of teeth.
Life goes on, stories don't end particularly neatly, and there are always loose ends that never really get tied up.
It's not something I see in books a lot.
Every plot thread gets a resolution, and it's satisfying, because I want to know what happens to everyone and everything.
But if I step away, it doesn't smack of realism, because nothing really gets a truly clean ending.
Not certain I'm following
Hm? She didn't die.
Only to an extent.
She walked out of the Suits tower after being rejected by her parents.
After that, what happens next, well...
It's in the wind, if you'll pardon my turn of phrase
Still not seeing where you're going with this, though, irid
We may not be on the same page
I think we may be looking at this from fundamentally different perspectives
I'd probably need more context to draw comparisons
What are your motivations as a player, though?
Hmm. Definitely different perspectives, then
Don't know that I'm able to grok your standpoint
Huh
Yeah
I definitely wouldn't mesh well with you as a GM
Still really have no idea where you're coming from, to be honest
Let me rephrase my earlier question
What do you, as a person, get out of playing a game?
Rather than what are your motivations as a player, what motivates you to be a player?
It's one of those questions where there's no right answer, but I'll admit that your answers don't particularly resonate with me
It's a bit of a nebulous thing, I'll admit, and I might be better served by pointing at the sessions and the players and the PCs that I wholeheartedly enjoyed
But one of the biggest things that rings out to me as a GM is depth of character
The reason I particularly enjoy GMing in the Wormverse is pretty well illustrated by one of the quotes at the end of the Migration arc
"How had Jess put it?  This world was sublime.  A world that was awesome in the truer sense of the word, greater in so many respects.  In a metaphorical sense, the peaks were higher, the valleys lower, works of art more artful, extremes more… extreme.  It wasn’t a good thing.  Make the mountains twice as tall and the chasms twice as deep, and things
start crumbling."
It's the type of world I'd like to illustrate in my settings and the types of people I'd like to see portrayed by my players, though I'd be hard-pressed to name specific traits/qualities/etc.
Hm. Not sure what you're getting at
I'll be honest, iridium
I still have no idea what you're getting at
That... sentence doesn't really help me
Hm
!
New command?
I'm seeing Twig in the hand signals specializations, Bow. :p
Scrolling down should help clarify, OB
I got what you meant, OB
They're the same thing
There's no 'basic command' to be had, only a selection to choose from
Those are Bow's specialties from a while back, to clarify
As do I
Wondering what I ought to do today.
Work on more Wichita NPCs, I suppose
I want to tackle the OOG mechanics in more detail before I return to that particular project
Mm, as do I
Any developments on the job front, incidentally, pelt?
I heard about the FedEx interview. Still waiting for them to get back to you?
Let me know if SOMA gets on, you guys
Have a few sessions I need to wrap up before I move onto Arc 17
well done, Cam
Hmm. Largely depends on if any of my players end up dying or otherwise losing their relevance in the campaign
I just let 3 people in at the top of this arc, so it'll have to wait until I thin the herd
Or pit PCs against each other to do much the same for me
I like it, yes
3+ skill pips seems better than 2+
There's occasionally a 'purge' thrown in there as well, to be fair, Pink
I'm really happy with how the commands are applicable to combat and noncombat
I am present, yes. What's up?
Hmm, no thank you. I will have to go to work soon.
I'm present, yes
What's the issue?
The trigger doesn't really tickle me, so I'm going to sit this one out
Kill Saff
she's the last ingredient I need for my special dinner
Orecchiette was good tonight, btw
Could have been better -- would do a cream sauce, next time
Non's "let's run her over and park the car on her ass" proposed method of dealing with Feral is my favorite solution.
Elegant in its simplicity.
That's a good meme, Nonagon. It's very relatable.
That feel when Bert isn't tagged in the Sicol Bend logs in which he appears
Wan should go on strike
Harsh, but fair.
I'm currently available to assist in a power gen.
Sicol Ben is the hero of the people, though.
He's the everyman this campaign needs.
[Thing] [Real Person Name] should be a more common cape name trend.
Arson Jones knew what was up.
Agreed, lesser bash.
That T-rex obstacle course webm you linked hurt my heart.
Hey, Non, are you currently sleeping?
Have a power I'd like for you to glance over.
I'm really happy with how it turned out mechanically. Remind me to ask tomorrow.
Yeah, no problem. PMing.
Mid afternoon for us, sometime after breakfast for you?
I'll be on and available to assist anytime during that timeframe.
In the year 20XX...
Don't create Protoman.
He'll turn to evil.
So you command, so it shall be done!
PMing you, Non
That was a good session to spectate, Pan.
Much better than your usual stuff.
B)
Huh, I've not seen people use |||| to start a session before
He was TGK's player, yeah.
Hadn't been on as of late, due to work / dog, but I made him wise to the IRCcloud phone app.
I've been keeping him apprised of the general shape of things.
Only by virtue of running multiple sessions concurrently.
There are some players who don't cost me SAN when I run them.
Cogo and Nick left a very good impression on me for their first sessions. Looking forward to running them again.
There's always yourself.
Arrived in Chicago for a layover.
If I did I would have let you know in advance! :p
How rude, Thal
Ta!
Those nice PRT officers enforcing the quarantine will have their feelings hurt
Cousin's wedding
Colder than my preference.
I am dangerously emaciated, yes.
I'm still waiting for said idea to load. Internet is blasted slow.
In the meanwhile, enjoy some photos I took during the course of the flight.
Didn't have time to grab lunch during my layover. Hoping to snag a nice bagel with lox.
See you guys later.
All knowledge relates to powers/shardstuff
I like different emotions for each eye
Rage, arrogance, single-minded obsession
No enticing fare during my brief trip through the airport concourse. Have to wait for a rental car and find a place to eat.
Feaster Bunny
Trust no tanuki
Jul 26, 2011
Khonsu appears roughly 6 months later
Khonsu is a fatty.
it is cold here
i am cold
lawsamercy
it's almost 9 and the sun is still up
what's this foolery
pshaw
we do a big food night every thurs, trading off, but saff has been slackin
food is great. had dinner, hungry again
Alexandria's eye was canon Tinkertech, IIRC
Yeah. Siberian clawed her real one out.
I was rereading Worm day before yesterday. Pretty sure I saw it mentioned.
Can find an excerpt later.
Protectorate is fine if your character already has depth, and personal motivations aside from following orders.
Eek!
my kidneys are shutting down
I was making a snide and oblique comment regarding the quantity of salt being dispersed in this chat
Apologies
Jackknife: Yes
Dept 44
YOU CAN'T SAY NUFFIN
Wow, the Portland Protectorate hero Gungnir is gonna have words with you, boyo.
Gae Dearg is free
You jerk
I'm gonna give Gungnir carte blanche to kick your ass
Luin Celtchair is the best mythological spear anyhow
Get wrecked
Lots of mythical spears lately
You shoulda been Longinus II, Katie
What with all your crucifixion smack talk
You right, cogo
Oh, nvm. You need at least 5 nails
smh
I guess you can crucify both hands and feet and finish them off via the side
in the next round, as per the five wounds of christ
Fashion a spear out of your nails, if poss
Longinus II is a go-go
Soma will be so proud
On that subject, where the devil is he
I'd wanted to finish his session before I went on vacation, damn n blast
Meesa monsta hunta!
Megafire is Afraid
* Do u have any problems
* eropeans
Protect your butt, Ace
Those damn Francophiles are after you
Geeetttttttt wrecked, Gungnir!
Man, Hoagie probably doesn't even listen to the radio show
You're gonna get clowned upon
All the best, Gungnir
I can't even hire you
Because your name is fucking copyrighted by the PRT
Spit in her bowl. Then shank her.
"No," Hoagie replies, and beats the shit out of Gungnir until he dies. The End.
These rolls, man
hallo saff
Man, nobody ever calls me Antimony
Something has changed within me!
Goodness no, Tell
have you seen my WD homebrew I did before I found out there was a legit version?
The thing is a blasted mess
And now I'm the president
Pull the trigger, piglet
UAB has one, not UA
about an hour away
UAB is the more medical branch of the universities of alabama, I collaborate with them to some degree although GA tech is providing the amputees for my testing
Shipping the components for them to test, rather
Didn't get to implement the heel buffer leaf spring on this iteration of the ankle pros
Feels bad, man
Hate to break it to you, but I just sat behind the DM screen, making up numbers and pretended I was DMing Pathfinder
That was about the time where I got really miffed about the limitations of the system, haha
I've been durdling around for some good high fantasy system to GM my usual stuff in
Have been wanting to go back to it, sans PF
I tried 5th ed once. It's OK but didn't really wow me
Hit me up with some of your 5e house rules, Bel.
If the system is flexible enough, I can whip up some custom classes and work from there.
I liked making custom classes for Saff and crew.
I thought you were just lurking
smh
Anti
I only DM Weaver Dice online
Everything else is IRL
Are you asking me for advice, or asking me to DM?
You might have missed the memo where I said I hated Pathfinder, lmao
Man, Cogo
The dice do not like you today
I am a firm adherent to the laws and principles of murdering and being a hobo.
I never break from my code.
This player wants to be a Paladin!
>.>
Not saying that alignment is bad for character depth, but the way 3e treats it... kinda is.
Didn't realize Two-Face was lawful, Bel c
*.
Harvey Dent is an attorney!
I never played any 4e, but I did like Gamma World!
I played a Space Bear.
He got into many fights with regular bears after making bigoted comments at them.
Did everyone draw straws to see which one would whack you off?
Antipaladin, woo.
I play for RP and narrative, like Bel, but I also have the same approach to mechanics as Non. Is hard to reconcile.
smh
Shakes lawful head
There's something to be said for playing 3.5, fusion-ha-ing with the psionic, and dealing a couple thousand times over the final boss's health in one round
But it's only fun once
rip
Unlimited Blade Jerks
you'll cowards don't even smoke crack
Katabasis is set in the world I originally ran in Pathfinder. Have been seeking a suitable mechanical alternative.
o7
Nooe
God is definitely not on Gungnir's side.
Odin is dead, yo.
At least the grenade will put you out.
Hey, Non, if you end up taking in Gungnir, could you ask him nicely to change his name?
Do it as a favor to your pal Director Secor in Portland.
And also because the name Gungnir is licensed by the PRT.
Let's see if Hamilton accepts your semantics.
Might be a black mark on your record, after the fact.
You know how it is with the PRT and 'resisting arrest'.
Maybe Hamilton was doing you a solid and putting the fire out.
Remains to be seen.
For hate's sake, I spit my last breath at thee!
I don't really have a beef with Hoagie.
By killing civilians, she makes me look good.
Honestly, this is just another incident I can use to further my political agenda.
Her.
She's an NPC.
One of the squad leaders.
3.
*squish*
Speaking of getting your ass kicked, CG, we should schedule another Cleveland session sometime next week.
You picked a crew to roll with that has a *lot* of enemies.
Interested to see how that plays out, both the internal and external dynamics.
Hey, Dodger is pretty strong, combat-wise. His power covers offense, defense, and mobility, when applied creatively.
I dunno Gungnir's loadout, but the bonuses you rolled today seem to indicate he packs a punch.
Odin just wasn't with him.
!addquote 21:03 <ColdGold> I had to blow my load getting that hand off of me
I still have lots of plans for Rat Boy.
It's fun to GM him because I have no idea which way he'll go.
I'll be back in town from my vacation on the 23rd, and I'm doubtful I'll have a chance to really sit down and GM something during it, so sometime after that, for both CoGo and you.
I also need to wrap up SOMA, Non, and Bow's sessions.
Food is excellent. Have eaten four meals today, waiting for a little bit to regain my appetite and grill some freshly-caught Copper River sockeye salmon.
Night, Tell.
Damn, forget people are like, 3 or 4 hours ahead of me now
Since I'm at the Pacific.
9:12 and the sun is still out.
I am not a burly gay male, Nick
Yo, ColdGold -- mind taking a glance at the Dept 47 doc?
No! That's too much!
🙀
Mornin, Cogo
Goddamnit
That sort of stuff is generally under Saff's purview
But think of the mechanical benefits of the high morale reroll bonus!
No joke, the morale reroll is great
You guys should be popping ecstasy for the bonus die
Hoo hoo hoo
Think you're missing some context, Jack
Might be a good idea to
Gives you an idea of what you're getting into, as well as some more familiarity with the mechanics in context
Coming from the guy who says the moneyshot is Aim and not Barrage
Hmph!
Attending cousin's wedding, Thal
No food trucks for me, I'm afraid
Roger that
snaff
Now you've made her a target for the dog
RIP
ur dog a shit
You gotta make those claws spin like chainsaws
Staggered - Off balance, shoved away.  Get moved back a distance, typically 5’.  Adjust by one step depending on difference in Brawn, size; heavier people and armored individuals one step less.  Staggered individuals are penalized on their next turn: attacks suffer -1 and their movement is reduced by ½ if they try to move in a direction they weren’t
pushed in, by ¾ if they try to move against that direction.
where have you been soma you son of a bitch
fair enough.
I'm getting back into town on 6/23, SOMA. I wanna get your session finished before July starts.
Froth at the mouth to intimidate them
something something hand of mine something awesome power
Bump knucks
The camaraderie will with the fight
And you'll be bros for life
I wouldn't mind rebooting the fight club channel where capes can pick a fight with each other or NPCs
I wouldn't mind pitting someone against SOMA's Longinus or an NPCed Longinus. Poor guy never really got to show off his kit
He's punching at a broot
Most of those NPCs are in Nonagon's bestiary, I think, Tell
Could be a fun thing to do
Oh, me too, Xtree
Busy today, Tuz :(
Hi Dol!
How have you been
I think I bear the stigma of being the GM of the only campaign where players have not only done the nasty but rolled to perform the nasty
Yeah, that was a thing
Glad to hear I'm not alone :)
That was very entertaining, in retrospect
Can't foresee it coming up for Saff in my campaign anytime in the near future
Fortunately
I was getting progressively more sloshed as the debacle went on
Verminator resists his advances!
Man, don't try to put the moves on Verminator
This is how you get rats up your ass
The rats engorge after entry, stimulating the prostate
God, I can't believe those words came from my figurative mouth
I'm looking forward to running CG
partially because he's joined a group that puts him at odds with almost the entire city.
I, uh, *muffled squeaking* won't do that then
eww, no way!
This all started because CG declared his intent to get his mack on in Cleveland
I'm wholly blameless
Moaning, groaning, and chittering, eh, CG?
Having a premonition?
Leave Snapper alone
Snapper deserves love
He's on the verge of snapping! Throw a precog in there!
Is she hot and does she acknowledge that China is the superior nation
I'm willing to concede the latter point if she's super ho
*hot
Inmediately
hi saff
I'm in Seattle atm, so not quite so valid
If Saff's dog moved in he'd get his poor ass beat on a daily basis
Cousin's wedding had a cute "adventure/traveling" theme
They had this –
– and being a fucker, placed my flag here.
Ish. Round pins are places they've been, heard they went down to Cape Canaveral earlier this year or the last.
Damn, I hope they don't actually go.
I'm gonna move my flag.
I don't want them to get shot.
Oh trust me
Ohio sucks
Cleveland IRL is almost as bad
I'm gonna move the flag
I don't want them to have a shitty trip AND get shot
he was a goast all along
Nah. Your next session is planned, just need to finish up three half sessions and Tuzi's psychoanalysis of Undine.
That's pretty meta
You should change your name to sniff
Have you ever tried dip, chewing tobacco, or sniff
23
i pray for ur arteries, thal
As is just and proper.
We have a tradition here.
slaves, Bel
slaves
enchanted river clay
Golden Wheat
Fine River Cider
Dangerous Carrot
Shrimp
Yes
I love Dangerous Carrot
I'm interested in seeing which direction this goes.
Means you can talk.
Hookwolf is a Shaper :>
Nah, Shaper is what he's described as, in Weld's debrief
Prolly a subclass of Changer
Much like Shifter is
All the Cleveland deaths have been PVP
You're making it hard on yourselves :)
I'm present
I've been using IRC for the same goddamn time you have, Saff
:P
I know
If I was born in the IRC, Saff ought to have been as well
This vacation is fun but I have been mentally accruing a backlog of sessions
Have a gameplan in mind for most of my PCs and excited to run em
Even you, Dol
Bow, Soma, Nona
After that, I can pretty much do anyone in any order
The ladies can't get enough of his weather commentary
Pizza Bowl
Zoup
mb, Zoup!
Coldhand Creamery
Blind pick feels more fun to me
Jacob "Surrounded By My Haters" Hen
Right, but what would Canary's shard do if someone rendered her mute, say?
Bullied so hard he gouged out his eyes
That's one for the books, lads
Good session
Left/Right Brain guy talks to a suspicious dude who takes his money in exchange for putting him in contact with a healer
Flit had to leave early
Here are the logs
We're being paid?
I haven't gotten any money yet. Wichita is cancelled.
Cut the session, Jurk.
It's all ogre
The dice relent
Very astute, Cam.
Problem? Pshaw
Damsel of Distress had that happen to her
Poor lass
Her power flares up when she fails a Dex roll and her Blaster accuracy is based on her Dex stat
Which is a whopping 2
Woo! The sports!
They done it!
u welc
Yeah, no particular order.
We'll see if anyone's up for it tomorrow.
Yes indeedy
I'm looking forward to running sessions again
Vacation is fun, but no time to GM!
Whenever enough players die, I suppose
All deaths in Cleveland have been PVP
I am not the one holding the rocks
I don't think I could rocks fall any player right now
The city is alive and ticking
And the major players are all PCs or involved with PCs
I have a remarkably minimal amount of agency over my own city
And it's incredibly refreshing that it has enough momentum to just let things play out
Had much the same discussion with Tell the other night, I've never really been able to do something like that in an RP
Is pretty great
WD is a system where any dinkus can rocks fall themselves, easy
You're just a softie and let Firlz live
Yeah
Fair nuff
Dallas as it stands right now is a bit of a tough environment to build an organization, methinks
Too many parties in play, much easier to join one than muddy the waters
same dor
doe*
Fir is back on 20th
which is tomorrow, i think?
what's next for our boy supplepelt
you seem to have bad luck with players, tubs, scheduling wise
maybe you're cuuuuuuuuursed!
cogo won't let you down
oh dang
who's next in the queue
shame
_seen Lid
_seen ilidirim
You're cuuuuuuuuursed
It's alright, buddy
it'll be over soon.....
_seen Teruzi
Quan came by sometime last year around October or November, IIRC.
Howdy, Mega
You no mega! You cam!
Been hiking all day
what'd i miss?
A brief gift for those of you who are bored.
Doc has been updated to some extent. Will continue to edit, later on.
How the devil did you get that idea
Oh, WB firl
How was the tournament
They could have been collaborating
2nd trig wasnt public knowledge
Cherish could get people to commit suicide with a little bit of emotional manipulation
I feel like Vic is on the same level, perhaps slightly lower
He's more flexible on certain fronts but the vector of delivery (voice predominant and Thinker ability LoS) makes him fall short
To an extent. There was other stuff going on behind the scenes that determined the efficacy of his power
Invictus's power was more geared towards social hierarchies than individuals, and exploiting them
^
Lone Homie...
He's all by himself
Heartbreaking, Tell
Loon Anoon
No, everyone except BH dies
Obviously
He worked hard for it!
.=.
Panth is malaysia
Panda is texas
howdie
Very sanitized, IIRC
woo! glad to see the wichita ball is rolling
Wichitese
Because the GMs are being a wichi-tease
Gah, so ready to GM again
Still in seattle for a few more days
Hiking today was exhausting
Got some good pics tho
RIP
Hey Firlz will Khandhas ever become a one man Ginyu Force
Bwahaha
wot
rip
RIP tubes: Too Fucked Up
And on the third day
Night, Cam
Welcome, LL
What's new today?
Flying back. Might pay for wifi on the flight and GM for the duration
Er, flying back tomorrow
Around 1:45 PST
Gonna be obnoxious when I have a 2 hr layover and have to pay again for the second flight
But seems like a good way to kill 8-odd hours
I slept on the way up and it played hob with my neck
I didn't have one of those horseshoe cushion thingies
So it's that or try to find more reading material
Can't look up the science journals i need without a college connection
Dunno that it's doable, with my chromebook
two of the keys and the trackpad don't work, as it stands noe
*now
It's falling apart at the seams and I'm looking for a replacement
Hjevbröp
RIP
you finna die
seattle
cruising about elliott bay at the mo
look at this sick ass marmot i saw yesterday
Incidentally, Megafire -- did you see this?
Erin Jett, public liason for the PRT, not Jetstream
Let me know your thoughts, Mega
in the middle of the night, a tiny duck squeezes its way out of the bathroom sink
ducklighting
gasducking?
btw, Mega, remind me to give you the dossiers of the potential incoming Borgata leadership
let's see if i can do it now before my laptop dies, actually
living isn't all it's quacked up to be
he's soft
saff you should share the cunning bear hot dogs story
i don't have that many good stories
my friends just embellish the shit out of them
antistories is fitting
as they're the opposite of stories
i will do neither of these things, tubes
clean up your act
His dodges are rly good now tho
Is cool, Lex
Just tuckered as my week-long vacation wraps up.
Feels like it's been far longer, have had a blast
I'll GM you today, Cuppa
Gonna spring for the in-flight wi-fi
Packing at the moment, so maybe give me an hour or two, with some pauses in between as I go through airport security
Your power's interesting enough that I'll take point on it and see where it goes
Oh, if you're up for it, Jurk, go right ahead
I ought to be sitting back as a mentor, anywho
Ay, but the whole mentor GM thing is specifically to help you improve
If there are any concerns you might have with respect to an upcoming session you have planned, glad to help advise
Hmm, who shall I GM on the plane today
I haven't, Mega
Pain to get a hold of him, as my Chromebook doesn't have skype
Words -- waiting list for Cleveland?
I don't think I do, but I don't want to rule out the possibility that I forgot about it
The waiting list is remade anew each time the queue is reopened
As it is right now, there aren't any slots -- scream at the Cleveland players to kill each other for your shot at glory
I don't think any of the PCs are friends
Let me try and get you set up for Wichita, Nick, so we can get the Protectorate ball rolling
I'll get your document put together and we can figure out a time and a GM for your session, possibly today and possibly me
I'm flying back today, and I'm going to buy wi-fi on the plane
Thinking about Bel > Non > Saff in terms of priority today, for Cleveland, as I think today's a writing day for Bow
Please ping me when Belaris or Teller get on
Bel is back briefly
He's moving the character forward in an interesting direction
Yeah
;)
depends on what kind of story you want to tell
lausanne, sicol, grantsville, detroit, all different beasts with different styles and stories
Going through airport security. will have stuff for nick soon
TJ wolf
all the preteens of cleveland are picking bad role models
Replace Mendez with Rat Mendez
How long will it take before people notice?
Harsh but true
we have a log formatter, alt
woo, airport terminal food time
qdoba ahoy
OK, I'll do the summary
1. CoC triggers in his apartment. His power feeds him information, he tears his TV and other appliances to pieces to cobble together a rough pair of wings. Project is incomplete.
2. He decides to leave the project on hold for the time being and go to the college library to get some learnin' on his current situation.
2a. En route, he realizes his arm is mutated, with copper circuitry and ports and jacks. He covers that arm with gauze from the car's first aid kit.
3. At the library, he can't focus on research, because the information his power is feeding him about using the computers for parts is too overwhelming. He starts gutting the computer there and then.
4. He snaps out of it, realizing what he's doing, and finds that a bunch of college students are taking pictures / videos of him. He freaks out, pulls his hoodie up, and runs back to his car.
5. He drives back home in a bit of a panic. He notices blue wings following overhead, and pulls into a clearing to talk to the flying cape.
And here we are now.
Yeah, he is a ward
He's just the faster Ward
The internet on this plane is blech
<Antioch> The internet on this plane is blech <--- YOU'RE ON A FREAKING PLANEEEEEEEEE
Keeps cutting in and out. Arguably worse than having none at all :p
man
it's really fucked up that i'm in a metal tube hurtling through the skies
my head hurts
Least that bit doesn't give me nausea and vertigo
Cranial pressure's being a bit of a pain at the moment
I could use a good trepanning
Lemme just wail on the window with an ice pick
Depressurize the ol' cabin
Sorta came up with the fallen
but dunno that there's anything official
A tube of dinner?!
It sounds unpalatable to me...
Will you have a tube of turkey to go with your tube of cranberry paste
Saff is slowly creeping into non-Anti campaigns
Watch out
she'll do the metaphysical equivalent of shooting jetstream in the chest again
Which lethal character is that
It's certainly not Malfire heyyyoooo
That dog doesn't get tired, Bow
I've run laps with the stubby legged motherfucker
Hahahahahaha
That sucks, pink
Rainbow Idol can make rainbows and epilepsy
Lookin' stylish, Dolyn 
Yeah, about the consistency of sugar glass
Well I'm not gonna say you're lookin' garish
That would be rude, and also a faux pas
Mmm, this hologram has a subtle and crunchy mouth feel
Like a combination of raisin bran and fiberglass
I can practically feel my bowels cringing at the inevitable lacerations!
Whoa mega!
You are here rather late! Or early
How do you do
Ah! Best of luck on it!
Didn't, but got Nick set up as a director in wichita
_seen Belaris
Order of magnitude from seconds to minutes is kinda funky, haha
Why is the unit for time so weird
those dang ole sumerians
Woo!! Finally made it home
Back to the 90  degree Fahrenheit I love
The relevant characters in Cleveland eloquent enough to participate in freestyle rap are... scant.
Sure. I have to get my lab work done first and I think I need to relocate to a different computer, though.
What's good there? Swinging by Ann Arbor for some research stuff?
Mkay, Belaris.
I'm gearing up to get ready.
uh, thal
"M"onarch
"M"ASA
you're getting played
Monarch's Awesome Secret Association
#WD_Wichita ? I did.
I'll be doing the latter once Divock returns.
Yeah, we're go for liftoff, Bel.
Ruinous volley blaster
And yeah, Cam
Yep.
Pips are just tracks, they don't actually give any bonuses.
Aren't we all, naked, afraid, and in space?
That's correct, Pearl.
There's a nice little neighborhood park you would go to, sometimes with your mom.
Gosh, Jack
Hey, infinite party streamers
Just two, now
@ Divock|Pearl and Jackknife|Adam -- I've got to step away and grab some shut-eye, as I'm needed early in the lab tomorrow and am operating off of two hours of sleep. Next post will be my last, but I'll be happy to resume sometime tomorrow afternoon or Saturday, depending on how my labwork pans out.
Not a problem. Hope you enjoyed, will be happy to continue soon.
Here are the Wichita logs up to a certain point. Enjoy!
You can always swing by if it becomes a protracted issue, Saff
Yeah, I'm not gonna distract you from finals, pal. Nice try.
Morning, Coco
Hehe, I get to wear the silly boot-stilts that are mounted to the prosthetic feet and test them today.
My feet will have feet!
I -might- be able to clear six feet with them on
Did you know that I can't find a fucking tape measure in the lab
All we have are goddamn calipers!!!!
kick her ass for cwn
Yeah
they're all horrible bastards
i love 'em
Tuzi, dude
It's like the Dragon Ball Z of sports anime
Hey there Mega
Congrats on finishing your exams, Mega.
Megafire: is the monitor VGA or HDMI (or both? which one do you use, in that case)
I have an old one I'm sitting on I could ship to you as a stopgap, if you're interested
Oh, gotcha b
*.
I have been accruing a bunch of old comp parts, dunno what to do with em really
Nobody wants these one gig ram sticks! I'll just solder them together and make a mug coaster
The ventilation would be pretty good!
Brrr.
_seen SOMA
Bastard
Let's see... Nonagon -- you're busy on Fridays and Saturdays, right?
What does your schedule look like for the near future, Teruzi?
OK, great. Would you be up for concluding your session Monday afternoon, Non?
And what about one for you tomorrow, Tuz?
Maybe could get Bow this weekend, but it's a little short notice and I think his schedule has been pretty hectic as of late.
So I can also run Saff and (hopefully) SOMA over the next week.
Oh, and Doc, once his school stuff clears up.
Some days, she won't get out of bed. You pour her a glass of water and leave some food next to it, just in case. The food usually goes untouched.
OK, Tuzi, your docket is Undine, Sorenson, then Ripcord, for Thursday.
As long as it's not the buildings I work in, Saff, I'm fine with it.
Maybe they'll divert more funding to the intact buildings.
You goddamn yankee
Well, Sorenson is just making sure you two are on the same page, when it comes to public speaking and what have you.
As well as presenting an image that's in line with the rehabilitation of certain volatile capes on the team.
#WD_Wichita continuation of yesterday's
Can link logs to get you caught up, if you're interested
No problem.
Wolf is the director, but he has his own subordinate who'll handle PR.
Amanda Shayne, IIRC.
lmao
omae wa somethin somethin
Hmm, I was imagining the former, but it's up to you.
You still typing, Divock|Pearl, or did you forget to || ?
lmao you assume i have something planned if you don't comply
Wing Everything (TM)
Clocking out of work and driving for a moment, so I'll be a little slow to respond. Back in a few.
Ahh, reminds me of Meat Carnival
I miss Meat Carnival
He's dead tho
So it's OK
Ironic, innit?
The Dark Ages
TBG seems like a good arc antagonist
I'm about to sit down for supper, Div, so I'm getting to a wrap-up point, just as a heads-up
Arms and legs detach from body, connected by spewing intestine silly string, grapples a surface and reels cape towards it
Lil bit. More shakery
Less blastery
quick mechanical answer
Intestines + Silly String!
Fleshy, stringy bits
Testify!
"There's some good wine in there, don't worry."
nah, it's cool, Jack.
I'll be free after I eat brunch and get groceries today.
Labstuff is largely just churning out more simulations under different loading conditions
So I'm A-OK
DO THE LEARN THING
Congration
Up for a session tomorrow after your dinner time, Megafire?
Awesome.
@ Hierophant - exe is short for executable
It's 1 am for me, jack
Give me 1hr
@ Jackknife -- you up to continue in 1 hr?
Is np, Firlz, I'll probably have to leave around 6 anyways
goot moot
Niiice, CG
Starting secret session first, then Firlz, then Jackknife
Session starting times will be staggered by 10-minute intervals
good dog
Tell me the steps you took to scramble the eggs in #cooking ?
I might be able to offer some insight as to what the problem might be
Jack is in a pretty tense fight with a gang of five bikers.
Man, I'm rolling too well for these NPCs.
Sorry.
Hey, they weren't going to kill you, they were just going to chain you to the back of a motorcycle and drag you around on the asphalt for awhile until they got bored or forgot!
It's just more intense tickling! They both work off the same principles.
Arson Jones is a real man, Firlz
Your ass is toast
Er, I didn't quite parse that one, Divock
Synapse is a healer! Don't break Flitter's heart
Templar in Lausanne has a concoction that heals via a mechanism that delivers pain on the scale of permanent mental damage to the recipient.
Just as a reminder, you can use a partial action to concentrate and replenish your secondary power's danger sense charges.
I wasn't sure if you'd forgotten or if you had something else in mind
Huh, really? I could have sworn I read a reasonably detailed bit about committed actions and move actions and partial actions etc.
If there isn't, I'll put together a write-up and run it past Bow to make sure my interpretation is correct.
As an aside, Bow, goddamn is Ruinous Volley busted.
The latter.
One hell of a punch.
Ah, yeah, that definitely helped. I would have cried if it rolled off Barrage.
You gotta pocket those danger sense dodge bonuses for the reload, yo
But yeah, damn that power's good and fun. If I was a PRT guy, I'd call it Blaster 6.
I'm imagining Ruin doing his thing and then pulling down the hoodie, turning back into the bedraggled homeless dude Adam and just blending into the crowd as he fucks off, his pursuers none the wiser.
I thought it was medicine and traditional healing, spelt
I could see Reus being applied in that way to a regenerator, though, where their wounds are filled in with something that definitely isn't human flesh
That's Restless, I think? Alt has it
Hmm, must have been someone else
not the fooooood
and i didn't see it, Firlz
Your last post was rolling the investigate checks, Firlz|Khandhas 
I'm a big fan of Hexchat. I don't use it myself because I'm on a lot of different computers and devices all the time, but it's great.
The investigate rolls
at least you're not being forced to join the yangban, OB
a nice, clean death is so much better!
Gah, just passed out on the floor for about two hours.
Glad to be getting results from my sleep study on Tuesday.
Woo, Nox is repping the Spoilers. Good pick, bro.
Please don't die before you even factor as a pawn in my schemes, OB.
@ Firlz, am gearing up for dinner now.
Nay, attacker always wins now
Barring heavyweight or lightweight bonuses
i would have laughed to see
"Flair dissolves as she hits the water, turning into a parahuman bath bomb."
And then I can jump over it!
But can a Clockblocked object stand up to the mighty jaw of Matter Eater Lad??
Five, according to Malin
Malin counted Templar AND Reimann, though, I think
And then crossed Reimann off the list because of his faked suicide?
LOL, I don't think this works for a director.
Oh boy. this guy is going to be a great PRT director.
Dying x2. RIP
Just this wheezing, battered old man
Inches away from death. Perfect.
I love it
Madison.
I have to oversee Quarantine Town.
Alright, Cogo, your pick of those 3 perks.
I should have the sheet to you by tomorrow, Cogo -- just lemme know when the Rock Bottom perk is settled on
Word. I'll pick the macro benefit.
He'll be a dying, vindictive bastard.
Taggot
I'll see how quickly I can get my sheet done, then
Monday morning is my weekly lab meeting, though
Exe, I design biomechanical leg prosthetics for a living. Given a choice, I'd step away from WD.
Luckily, much of my job necessitates heavy and time-intensive simulations, which lets me take time during work to play or GM WD.
You mean the guy who invented the segway, irid?
Did that do the trick?
Cleaned up some Bogota logs from a while back
I enjoyed this session
Congrats, Cogo
What were you interviewing for?
Current Sicol is ParaSci
Portland is ParaSci
We currently lack Squad Captain, FBI, PR, ex-Watchdog, as far as I know
Err, CIA
Sorry,
Mendez is FBI, my mistake
Yeah, no ex-military, either
That's Tagg, innit
Oh wow, Thrice is dead?
Everything's coming up Schuyler
Pinging Firlz for Wichita Duty
Join the #WD_Wichita_GMs channel, Firlz
What's up, Thal?
You goddamn racist
Way to be culturally sensitive, you prick
Hiya, Dol.
How are you doing today?
Not too bad. It's been a long day. Went to the doctor, did labwork, here I am at my second job.
Yeah. My labwork and a secondary, part-time job I have to supplement my income.
I'm making a lot of trips this year (Baltimore in July, Indianapolis in August, Japan in December) so I'm in need of some saving up.
Especially as I just bought a new laptop.
Toyko, mostly.
They also have the Dinosphere. I don't know what it is, but I can infer from the name and I'd like to visit.
It's a very bike-friendly city, too.
Please stop breaking my heart, Athena.
@ Divock yes
Milestones are a thing in Wichita
Disorienting noise with no apparent source, thrown voice sorta deal?
Limb-breaking acoustics would have killed the victim long before
Inner ear turned to jelly
Echolocation
wow.
idle for 20 hours
that's probly a new record
i've been pretty checked out today.
ankle ships off tomorrow. finally done
I think the underlying trend between all of the craftable objects in the 'art' category is a sense of aesthetic and presentation
woke up in the middle of the night
reminder to myself
don't forget
Sludgehammer is a good cape name
good might
night
mrornrirng
Doc_Mod is actually the smollest, AFAIK
maybe you're thinking of gristledinger
oh fiddlesticks
i was hoping to monopolize bow's time sometime this week/weekend
Weeniepelt
Soulweenie
:0
limestone correctional facility and madison metro jail
nothing huge
Hmm, Bow, when's a good time for a sesh for you?
Roger roger.
Will be visiting Scrags next weekend, but Tue/Wed should be OK.
did you tip the remnants of the bag into your yawning maw
because i do that with pretzels a lot and regret it all the time
eatin din w the fam but yes
what's the haps saff
Hm
Give me an hour or so
I need to regain some momentum GMing wise
back saff
had a narcoleptic attack so i was gone for longer than i planned for
give me a sec to get my head straight
i got prescribed something but havent gone to pick it up yet
hrm
cant seem to get my laptop hooked up to the internet here
dying.exe
grats, saff
Nah, I've been busy / dying
i know just the man to call for this job
No, but if I needed to kill order Pelt's apartment he'd be the one to ask
mincemeat
D:
I just read Non's written correspondence with Sicol's PR Director
'twas good
Cleveland
Well, an aside to Cleveland
As Queen's tangentially related to the main plot, and is, as such, not chronologically tied to any serious happenings
That might directly impact the in-city storyline in a way that disrupts the narrative or forces me to retcon
Yeah, I believe that's slated for later this evening, Tuzi
Thursday might be doable, Firlz
I think Khandhas is top of Thursday morning, with respect to the timeline
Ah, I gotcha.
I'm good whenever up until this Friday, Tell
You mean Indianapolis?
Oh wow, way to log on when I'm preoccupied with a session, dickweed
You done with all that shit?
I'm driving up north on Fri/Sat, you scumbag
I'll have you're head for this
*your
Still in the cards, pelt, but I think I actually have enough for a Cleveland session for you first
@SOMA -- I'll be travelling on a Greyhound for a few hours Monday and Wednesday, AFAIK. It'll have wi-fi, I know, but I don't know if there'll be a power source to take advantage of
Even so, your session is half-done, so I think time constraints wouldn't be an issue
After DC, going to visit Ellie in Pittsburgh for a day or two
cape mom & dad are havin' a domestic
Your dad called the cops, Tuz
The sniper is dead
You killed her
Worst Parents Contest
You know what has structure and discipline
Jail does
Wait, Pink
Did you just reference popular Guthrie Allen tune "Alice's Restaurant"?
Oh, darn
Why did I forget his name
It was a catchy tune
Look, man
He was probably racist
He was standing near a racist guy
Not anymore
Never anymore
Just about wrapped up, Tell
Will be ready when you are
Schuyler session, talking with Rinaldi
o7
Woo! It was nice to GM Queen again
She was too busy craving a fix to realize Shades was going through a mid-life crisis
You become a euphoria zombie in real life
kill
wooo
wheels within wheels
eels within eels
It's just two alliances, no?
once I have three I'll just have them collapse on each other like a weird, backstabbing ouroboros
maybe someone will bust you out of jail
wink wink
Schuyler's modus operandi was a very cautious version of how Sylvester usually operates
Disturb the status quo and take advantage as the footing shifts, the difference being that he only makes minute disturbances such that the shifts are ones he can expect and account for
But it's slow going and too conservative for the situation at hand, so as per Rinaldi's recommendation he'll start acting more reckless
I feel like the upcoming interaction with Sonderman will deeply affect how he moves hereon
Schuyler's impatient, it's part of why he quit Paramount and tried his hand at starting a brand new hero team
I'm not sure if Bel's character was actually patient or if you're making a Hamilton reference as Dol just did in PM
Either way, I'd better get to bed
Thanks for the session, Tell! As always, I had fun -- Rinaldi's one of my favorite characters to interact with
Not because I like his personality traits or anything, but he feels like someone manipulable, from Schuyler's perspective
Did you read the logs of my session yesterday, Mega? They just recently went up
yes
I'd probably make piezoelectrics my field of focus in the Twigverse
I'm free all evening. Just let me know when Non is available.
I've run the current WD system in real life. It works just as well, although some accommodations may need to by made to account for running a party of multiple people.
I'm rescheduling to a tentative later date
Have to renew my passport tomorrow, and am travelling Fri/Sat, and will be floating nebulously in the DC/Baltimore/Pittsburgh area until next next Tuesday
DEUS VULT
Pfft. Not having flashbacks to the First Crusade
Only real 11th century kids remember this
^
Benefits from absorption of nonliving biomass should be reduced, while living biomass grants longer-lasting or more explosive buffs.
Oh, hey, Non
Tell was wondering if you'd be up for a thing
Hey, Tell, since you're GMing Pink at the moment, do you think the Schuyler/Sonderman thing should wait for another day?
This one is my favorite dasharez0ne meme
As am I
no
o/
What a shame that Bone Homie is taken
Not public knowledge
yeah
I'm gonna have people from campaigns all over the US travel to cleveland to try and kill Bone Homie and honestly that's pretty solid
*Bone* Homie, eh?
Spinal Tap might not be a bad name, depending on the character's personality
Instead of throwing pokeballs at pokemon, throw spiders at real people
Mmm, is Shallow Grave taken?
Think it's an NPC somewhere
Gehennom? Moloch? Lots depends on what image you want to convey
And the foibles of the character that's the cape
right, right
knew twas familiar
on vacation, but might could offer some words of advice
my madison char has 1 guts.
he rolled rock bottom on the dying flaw, too!
my electric wheelchair and life support will detonate its payload of plastique in a final act of spite
Where you working, Proth?
Are you the one responsible for League of Legends getting worse every season
Let me shake your hand
not really
hitting up potential places to do postgrad in the NE
carnegie mellon, umbc, mit
busy, still have labwork to do during the interim
going to NJ with Scrags on Friday to ride Kingda Ka, and a Lausanne session for the two of us one of the following days
What's south New England for you, Words? Saff is in Connecticut right now
Uhh, wherever the Six Flags in there is
Just Scrags, this trip
yeah, same
Before, iridium
Late 2010, IIRC
Scrags and I are talking Laus right now, actually
I know for a fact Critical can be used in conjunction with Brawl
So I don't see why not
Pain/vertigo disorientation debuff with minor bash damage if accompanied by airburst (sonic boom, etc)
Ready when you are, coldgold
ping me when avail, cogo
No strong body perk. Rock bottom into dying, victor perk off rock bottom, envy
Woo, can't wait for Lausanne
I believe so, yes
What did Bow ! to?
Is that an in general thing, or am I known to have a fixation on Tinkers?
False, Cross does not "love" anything
Oh, I didn't know Bow made a tinker table for you, Thal
Have been kind of out of sorts lately
hype intensifies
L A U S A N N E B O Y S
Not bad.
Hanging out with SCG, wandering about Chesapeake City.
Might get some errands done before session start, but is just laundry.
Pretty good, pretty good
Hmm, probably some Wednesday
*sometime after
damn robots putting me out of a job
In a session presently, so depends
_seen olivebirdy
Hmm, concerning
If he doesn't show, another GM will pick it up, presumable
*presumably
Cross has no sons.
B U T  C H E R E D
Armada wits so low he thought there was a fox boy
Dogg, fox boy is in Boston, you're ten years too early
Reynard, you know? Boston Wards?
He was cool
Yeah, NS has it right
Shocking developments
Well, I mean the bird dude had electricity in him, so it makes sense
The lightning breaker merged with him
Manticore pls
You monster
You're makin' me look bad
he just teleported away dude
The more you knowgo
Two minor wounds, so I'm still OK
A fight was picked, more to say
i give my life
not for honor
but because i fucked up
(snake eater)
The guy tore his own ear off, I think he's got other problems to deal with
The truck is only so big my man
!search big bird
<Antioch> dawg I'm ready for the Big Bird to fuck me right in the brainpan (at line 213)
Focus on one thing (usually a goal) and exclusively that
Ignore all else, damn the consequences
yyyeeeeeessssssssss
I think she just fixed Armada's The Wheel power flaw!
!
The old, old power flaw, on the old rulebook
Uninspired, or something of the like. It translated to him not being able to have much variety, by way of building things
Merry Christmas, everyone!!!!!
The hype is too real
This is the best christmas ever!!
Everything is better now! Everyone's happy and we're clearly heroes now
And Evermore and the Lodge probably don't have grudges any more because they're full of christmas cheer
We did it! We won Lausanne!
Hey, I accomplished a major character goal today, and the people of Lausanne are rejoicing with me
 merry smurfmas to all and to all a good night
oh, shem, we killed the guy who killed you
we smashed his head into the pavement
yeah
man, that was such a fun and cool session
on my phone at present, no can do
had a blast, and the ending was amazing
Tarot card drawings can be performed with the "$luck" command
I'm one of the mentor GMs that provides guidance to the GMs of Wichita, to be more precise
I've stepped in to run a handful of sessions to pick up the slack, but I'd prefer it not become a habit
Hey, Vern
How have you been lately? I haven't heard from you in a while
Glad to hear things are doing alright for you for the time being, hope the trend continues
_seen dolyn
It's my Secret Vandalism Technique.
Templar, I think.
Gigolomesh
@ Teller -- Thursday evening work for you?
Any time past 4 PM would be great for me, Tell.
Sunday is fine by me, any time, Teller and Nonagon.
what did i do this time
god dammit
waiting on your armada dogs
@ Nonagon – Implement methodology Tinker with 2H firearm as focal weapon, full [BRANCH] specialty to inspire ammunition types
Would lean towards Elemental for the branch but could see it working with others.
@ Nonagon - 80' range for PRT standard issue rifle
Aqua Regia is an Heirloom tinker, IIRC
_seen SOMA
>.>
Probably for the best, as I make sure I have the fall semester squared away
And also that I don't get hospitalized for heat stroke again when I move apartments this year
@ Nonagon -- above link is crude template for Heirloom Tinker
Should be back in action soon
^
Poster of some hot ripped dude plus area blood-flow scanner
I'm working kinda loosely here
Open-access computer terminal reading "are you gay y/n"
What situation?
Oh, work-wise
Need to be moved out of apartment by 7/31, some backlog of design work piled up over the trip, an overdue part requisition from the composite distributor and machine shop
Probably would be free to run a session around the 1st week of August
Nah, just moving to new apt
Townhouse rather than standard apartment
Woo, finally got the formal job acceptance letter thingy.
More money to throw around, and vacation time in line with college class schedules
Means finding vacation time during milder seasons might be trickier, but have a few 2-3 week chunks of free time interspersed between winter and summer.
No vacations while the weather is milder, sad to say
I liked the Cauldron sesh because it helped me get a better grip on my characterization
Personality tics / traits
Random quote 347: <Saff> also why does TGK want ME dead? <Antioch> You firebombed a police station, you numbskull.
Yeah
Wits. For you, $roll 1d6
I'd appreciate it if you didn't continue to make comments regarding the scarcity of sessions in the Wichita campaign
As far as I'm aware, he just auto-rejoined when the ban expired
Type /topic
Your client might require a /topic #WD_Wichita
But I don't know what client you have
Reading back on the Wichita logs during my absence, I feel like there's this sense of entitlement propagating through the playerbase as days tick by without any session, which is frustrating to me as GMing a session is a service done by the GM(s) for their players
They take simple orders, but you don't control them, per se. They aren't extensions of your will so much as they're slightly duller, subservient versions of yourself.
Hey, Teller. Just to refresh my memory, we had a session planned for Sunday, right? I don't remember what time of day it was slated for.
I don't mind calling it here, Maz, but I'd like to continue at a later date for the second half of your session.
After a night's rest, she can pursue her own goals, if any. Otherwise, Something might Happen.
Any thoughts, as to what your character has planned, motivation wise?
I wouldn't mind hearing three or so major goals from you, just to give the narrative more direction, and to serve as milestones.
e.g. Eliminate the Sons of Noise, Join or Found an organization with X members, claim X territories for X days, break your surviving allies out of prison, et cetera.
Feel free to spitball with me, this first session half was more me sounding out your character's personality than their goals.
Yeah, works for me. We can schedule something for an upcoming week, though my schedule might be tight as the deadline for my moving out approaches
Same goes for you, CG, as far as scheduling my discussion with JL.
@ Firlz - one of the Fallen's leader capes is John Galt, named after the ancient demon / false god John Galt
I'll be very cross with you if you do, Thal
@ Nonagon, any time today works for me. Just let Teller know when you're available and I can accommodate.
Yeah, that's fine
Nope
Woo! Sorry for the hold-up on that, folks
You're only hurting yourself, Vern
This is a really esoteric question
But was there a cape called "Coup de Grace" in the Suits?
Thanks, Non
I was trying to remember if it was Coup de Grace or Coup d'Etat
Yeah, that's correct, Div
@ Nonagon -- I was considering Coup d'Etat as an alternative name for Armada
Still looking for an underling to take the name Templar de Sade
^
That was my thought, yeah
Sicol
Butter pan, basil, rosemary
On that subject, running Nick in Wichita tomorrow.
117 sessions of Cleveland, as of last count, not counting secret sessions.
Of the 529065 words in Cleveland, Firlz has participated in roughly 105309 words (almost 20%).
Spoiled, as CG mentioned.
That as well, as well as having a power that facilitates the verbosity
_seen Olivebirdy
_seen JustLurking
_seen AceofSpade
_seen Firlz
For me, the point of having novice GMs was to have the chance that some would pick up useful skills and reapply them to an upcoming campaign, I think
I think I share a lot of Pink's frustrations re: the initial intent of the multi-GM campaign falling through
But all things considered, Wichita takes, like, 5% brainpower for me to run
Hmm, how's it draining for you, Pink?
Maybe not frustrations, but criticisms, then
Hmm, I've really grown to love text formatting for RP.
Less chance of OOC stuff and distractions, on my part.
That being said, the time issues are somewhat annoying, unless I have one of a few players that consistently responds in a timely manner.
I'd be willing to try out a forum-based RP medium, but it's more of an idle thought as I haven't considered the logistics.
My response threshold is 5 minutes, usually, unless I'm running 3 players.
Yeah, I think there may be too many ingrained habits with an IRC RP crowd to make the forum thing run smoothly, Pink
Man, when was the last time we had good new blood, tho?
Hrm. Sunday evening, perhaps?
Logistics of which?
I mean, Parian's power worked on leather, right?
Heh, would be funny if that was Parian's secret power
He asked me if I wanted to know, but I think it'd be nicer to wait until the story comes out and learn by reading the snippet.
Don't ask me why
I have no idea why this happens to me
My campaign is only 1.7% sexy.
@ Teller|GM - I did the troubleshooting for you. Cell C16 of the Wounds tab is missing its opening quotation mark. I think that's the issue.
Do feel free to embarrass Zenith for me
Thank you for the compliments, everyone. Sorry for the slow response, the initial post was kind of lengthy to formulate.
Hello, Mythar. The person who referred you here mentioned me?
Oh? Where'd you get referred to here from?
Huh. An IRL friend referred you to me?
You an Alabama resident?
Churrascaria.
^
OB said what I was about to say
please, no memery
No idea! I'm hoping to wrap up Bow's session to kick things back off into full gear, but I need to finish moving and get my fall job squared away.
So maybe mid to late August.
That feel when you're executed by the Yangban because your power isn't worth it.
I don't know why they're getting so worked up about someone learning crests identity. I mean I already know it, it was volunteered freely to me
try $perk
Hm. Assuming Crest is Brigand, which still isn't proveb
proven
Do PM [ATM] or do your rolls in #gamedesign, please
I mean, I'd be totally cool with the 9th, Dol :p
Hey Cogo, what does "swerved" mean?
ohh
_seen Zaits
_seen Tal
_seen GenRincewind
I find that if you attempt to GM a campaign yourself, the answer will become readily evident
I feel like there's a detriment to playing in too many games -- you're less invested in each individual character, and given the divide in attention, they lose a good amount of depth and luster.
One of the irksome beasts of our current WD format is the fact that each individual player needs to schedule their own personal session.
Great for that one-on-one narrative, but not too hot for pacing unless you push yourself.
A good corollary to my earlier point: if you play too many characters, their characteristics tend to bleed into each other.
Both from personal and observational experience.
Since most of us here are juggling obligations and employment, I think it's reasonable to expect a slow pace. A campaign might be moving quickly from an outsider's perspective, as you're reading the logs of each player, but from a player's perspective, multiply that speed by however many players are in that campaign, hm?
PM me when you get your schedule for this upcoming week, Nick.
Firlz would have died, but he burned his 'call in a huge favor' perk for some last-minute healing.
Nahh, he probably strokes out like Moord Nag if Wink makes it to GM
Can't imagine losing control like that is healthy for his psyche
Wink would be massively more effective during GM given the power perk he acquired after successfully leading a temporary villain alliance
But he still hasn't grasped the nuances, so this is a slight hint, I suppose
I think pretty much every GM has a high 'games played' to 'games ran' ratio
Was Fir even in Baltimore?
Huh
I mean, he is in most campaigns, so it makes sense
But I don't remember that being a thing
I just say "It's this damn modern culture" a lot
Because really, it is
Bluggs
Say, Tell, are you about?
Ooh, that's a tough one.
The first one that came to mind was Coldhand, mechanically speaking, but I don't think that's the right answer
Amphetamine Queen's power was charmingly simplistic in its own right, but I think there may be some bias. Power, not PC, as you say
It's Wormverse, so the connection between power and character is more difficult to disentangle
Ah, sorry, I went to bed early because of headache nonsense
I'll probably be around next time
Aesthetically speaking, Kazikli Bey has probably my favorite Worm power
But I'd rather have, hmm, Shen Yu, Uber, or Bakuda's power
Not sure which
Oh, or String Theory's.
If I had to go Tinker, it would be Bakuda or String Theory. Dunno why.
Wise words from Nonagon
You still have me stumped on "favorite PC power"
Because I end up using "favorite scene with PC power" as a metric, which tends to rely more on the player's own creativity or the narrative in which the power is encapsulated
And it's really goddamned hard for me to just view a power by itself in a vacuum
Hey, Tell, I got a quick question for you
She's fine, why do you ask?
I'll pass that along
~o~
Please don't ping me for frivolous requests, particularly those that request me to abuse my moderator privileges.
np
I figured out Parian's tru
You can't sto
i'm pretty sure I played a Palestinian woman
Whew, finally got home
Enjoy Chicago, Dol
I'm gonna get some stuff for the pet fish and some dinner for me
You know what happens to nosy people, Olive.
Scrags my dude I have to ask
Is this an illicit download
Neato
My conscience can rest easy
Pfft. Like he'll have the chance before I kill the man myself
Gimpnir
I'm going to need to see your documents SCG
 /deport
i liked that game, yeah
"yoshi sacrifice effect"
haha
gradual
@ ColdGold -- bash the nut with a hammer to loosen and then apply vice grips
If that doesn't work, let me know, I'll tell you some solutions that will loosen a corroded bolt
Oh cool
G'job! Learning to replace your own battery is a valuable life skill
Novelty pasta?!
o/
Not much. Went to the lake today. School starts on Wednesday. Have to finalize my knee sensor mounting array blueprint tomorrow to have it machined.
I'm currently making a new Google account specifically to share with some local GMs, and filling the Google Play account with video game and other soundtracks to serve as background playlists for RPGs and whatnot.
I'll probably get the ball rolling this weekend.
Pretty happy about it. I'm going to finish uploading everything I have and then play a little bit of Overwatch.
which quote, vern?
ahh
It's two pluses better than Notepad
Cleveland is coming back on Thursday
Shout at me for sessions
Hi Dolyn! How are you gwendoing?
Hey CoGo. When would be a good time for a session for you on this upcoming Thursday?
Sounds good, Cogo. That time also works for me.
That's a good name for a drink
hurr hurr i'm antioch
god damnit i forgot he has his phone with him. my efforts have been wasted
......no
anti didn't leave his laptop on my kitchen table
I'm here cogo
what's up
Pure Limit tinker (Shackle) methodology?
Thinking about spec here
Limit x Controller could happen
OK, Tinker has variety of bodysuits with mix and match augments. Nimble, Empath, Maestro; Lurker, Miasma, Stim
Bodysuit is primary, has access to very basic Tinker gear (a 1h pistol, needle with same augment options)
Basic melee option, with specialized Tinker weapon (hologram, gas grenades, melee weapon with contact neurotoxin)
Masks that can be augmented (ignore cloud effects, heat/life scan, psych analyzer)
Basic trinkets, workstation
Works OK for you?
What campaign is this for, btw?
Who's the player?
ah, gotcha
yr thoughts, CG?
what
^
or scroll up
I can specify the mechanics of the equipment in PM for tubes, but given the trigger I feel there should be some uncertainty w/r/t the Tinker themselves in relation to their tech
lol @ 35.00101 Tinker
whoops
There we go
I'll pm you the deets tomorrow tubes
gotta go to bed
what's Hot and Fresh
@ Jackknife -- out of curiosity, would you be free at approximately 3 days and 4.5 hours from now (or somewhere within that general vicinity) for a Wichita session?
It would be Sunday evening for me, so a Monday morning for you, I believe
Yikes, didn't realize it would be that early for you
For roughly how long? I'd like your session to coincide with Mazinja's to a certain extent, hence the awkward scheduling (for which I apologize)
Oh, great. Appreciate the flexibility
Given that foreigners abducted by the Yangban are forced to learn Chinese, it seems doubtful
I'm curious whether Null of the Yangban translates to [零 : zero] or [无 : naught]
The former is more numerically implicative, fitting of the Yangban's overall numbering scheme
But the latter has some Taoist connotations
The wu of wei wu wei
It's never explicitly stated, Non.
They could do it like the PLA military numerical scheme and replace the standard shi of four with dao
It looks like "Four" is extant on the canon cape list as a low-altitude flier
The question of translation still stands, but I can't imagine the Yangban hold much truck with superstition
ha
Afternoon, WB
Perfect. I will too
Whoa ho ho.
Good luck, slimeboy.
More like taking the cape name Spic because you're the first half of the Cleanliness Cape duo Spic-n-Span
I think racism is to blame here, not slang
 /kick CG|Artful ColdGold? More like ColdMold!
th-th-that guh-gungnir sh-sure seems like a real muh-muh, ugh, whatever, idiot
hey scrungle
caught up w/ seasons 1 and 2
is 3 out
dang
good
Sonderman is the Sicol Bend Director
Sorenson is the head of PR for Cleveland
One might say... too well.
Caul furtively shooting goo in discreet locations
Thanks?
Which thing are you wishing me luck on?
Ah, sure. Thanks.
My two most played PCs are male (Schuyler and Reimann), but my first PC was female (Sura).
Thinking back, I haven't really played many PCs.
Some more female PCs that didn't get much of a lifespan (Caesura, Extirpate), and some male ones that are still extant but I haven't played much of yet (Maniobra, Cross)
Sure thing, CG, just PM me whenever
I'm always free to play Cody
Phix was a Tinker with a very big minion tethered by power consumption restrictions to a pylon.
I think the flavor was very heavily inspired by the Chain Chomp of Mario
Flint
Would like to revisit, but want to dedicate an uninterrupted portion of my time towards the improvement of OOG mechanics
It's nice to be writing Rebellion again. He's one of my favorite NPCs and hasn't had screen time since 9.5
Yeah, just got the ball back rolling today
If you want a session, we can hash something out
Not yet, but I'm hoping to get him a session before August is over
Cool. What do you think about three or so hours before now, next week?
Sure, no problem.
My schedule is a little tighter these days, because I'm teaching afternoon classes, but Thursday and Sunday are basically my WD GMing days.
Once I get settled down I should be a little more flexible.
I wonder how I'd take to playing a cyborg Tinker. It would be difficult not to apply my knowledge.
Instrumentation and Control Components for Mechanical Engineers
The first few weeks will be teaching the class about uncertainty in laboratory measurements and instrumentation, so I get the feeling it's going to be tedious and poorly received.
No idea how I can make the slog of uncertainty calculations even remotely appealing when I blanch at dealing with them myself.
nope. haven't played a video game in a while.
did a bit of This is the Police but I haven't finished it yet, classes started so it's on hold
what if you had some dead man's switch bomb that you had to call every X minutes and you were going to let it blow but it turns out a telemarketer called it on accident
"[19:42:15] <Antioch|GM> what if you had some dead man's switch bomb that you had to call every X minutes and you were going to let it blow but it turns out a telemarketer called it on accident" Then you would die X minutes later than expected?
Not for blowing yourself up but maybe like a building or something
He's dead. You killed him. Two instances of moderate bash to the legs on a boy with two Guts.
The coppers can't help you now.
There's no shed to drag him behind, unfortunately.
You asked around 7:30 my time, so I felt like one hour and fifteen minutes wasn't enough to run a good session
Ah, that was fun
Feels good to get back into GMing
Tomorrow is a maybe, depending on how long my afternoon meeting takes, but otherwise I suspect I could run you on Sunday while I run Wichita
Hmm, sometime next week, then. Still a little bit up in the air as my schedule solidifies and I take into account real-life GMing and club meetings, but let me know which afternoons/evenings are good for you this upcoming week and I'll try to plan around that as well.
Oh, durr, I have Sicol tomorrow anyway. I really need to get into the habit of not double-booking myself, just as an in-general thing
No prob, I had a great time too.
Got to play around with NPCs I enjoy
Feral may beat his ass for copping her shtick
I'm slightly disappointed that you didn't press Caitiff on the Rebellion issue
You could always go to Zenith
Ahh, shame. I'll have to keep what happened a mystery
I will at the very least share that Rebellion made it out unscathed
Also, Tuz, I'll give you the Real Authentic Horn Lord (TM) leather jacket after I have the Real Authentic Horn Lord (TM) killed at night by my shadowy agents.
I am actually The Man
The very same Man that Horn Lord swears to detroy
Oh, yeah, definitely
Dodger is always fun to GM
As am I!
I should be rolling out the Keepers merchandise line within a few weeks
OOC, I'd enjoy Caul in the Keepers, because the interplay between Schuyler, who's primarily an orator, and Caul, who has speech impediments, would be particularly interesting
I figure the PRT would have kept a lid on the attempted murder and stuff, eh?
Coy knows.
Coy will remember this.
To be fair, Hoagie helped him out a lot.
Aw, I was too slow
Horn Lord killed Swole
Ashcloud killed Oz
My, how the worm turns
You can take the boy out of the box but you can't take the box out of the boy
Er, or, you can take the boy out of the box, but you can also put him back in
Meanwhile Fed does clumsy raps over the beats of your stutter
the bullying cycle perpetuates
sicol bend audio dialogue sessions 2 and 27 done
for the hecksie of it
oh no
whose soc is thid
this
good luck acery
crush all the crime doers with yr very very big hands
no!! i do zero crimes
none
and thanks!
did tuz link you session 2
woo! they were fun to do
might well redo when coherent
Happy to have Cleveland back and rolling
~o~
sleeeeeepy
have a meeting at 2 so i could find somewhere to curl up but it's rainy
zzz
yep
o/
stop hurting yourself vern
Ohhhh man, that was great
Incredibly well done, Tell
Oh man oh man. If anything I'm more excited for my next session
I am so glad he failed it
And managed to get plugged with Torso Hit Vitals
The perfect storm
This is going to be a beautiful story, and I am going to see it through to its goddamned finish
I wouldn't call this day bad, at least not from Schuyler's perspective, save for getting shot
The remaining cyborg minion
You should read the logs when they come up, haha
This is better than anything I could have expected, narrative-wise, and I hope my enthusiasm isn't spilling over too much onto Schuyler
Ahh! This has only left me wanting more
You have no idea how fucking jazzed I am for this
This has put the whole Lainie scandal nonsense out of my mind
Schuyler has even more motivation to leave a legacy and go out with a bang
And I've been handed nearly everything I need to pull it off on a shiny plate
:DDDDD
I started this session dead tired and running off of consecutive nights of 5~6 hours of sleep and shaking off somewhat of a hangover and now I can't stop moving
I feel so alive
Not quite, no
But Schuyler has been looking for the next puzzle of sorts. People are puzzles, this situation is novel and a complete surprise, he's already cheated death, discarded or set aside a significant chunk of morals, and the stakes are thrillingly high
He's been put into a situation where someone's already ante'd up for him, and all he has to do is play the game to the best of his ability
An opportunity he's received well after he should have washed out. This one's for all the marbles
His options are limited, which means the way forward is clearer, and having very little to lose is, so I'm told, particularly liberating
Well, given that the situation was instigated by the doctors, I think that maxim still applies
Schuyler's, you mean?
Pfft, your robot legs aren't on my priority list anymore
The paranoia stemming from Superstition's passive intervention also informed some of his actions, including how trigger-happy he was
Why guess at what's passed when the future is going to be so exciting?!
That is not the condition for the bomb's detonation, sir.
If it would, he probably would have blown up in his laughing fit, no?
Thanks! I'll need it
The Brotherhood'll sink ya, boyo
callous dallas
You could probably program [ATM] to expedite the process with the following syntax:
>> $versus team keepers +1 team tong +o threshold 4 rounds 5
Er, +0
And also stating how many forces each side has
 $versus team keepers 17 +1 team tong 23 +0 threshold 4
Round optional, default if blank gives round-by-round reports until one side's forces = 0
Something like that, anywho
Sure. It's a concept I'd like to refine and codify later on down the line, particularly with my intent to expand the OOG mechanics
Rainbow! I didn't know you were a crook!
For shame, for shame.
@Jackknife -- #WD_Wichita
@Mazinja -- #WD_Wichita_2
Hey, Tuzi, I have some 12-year olds you could beat up
Yeah, I'm here.
Feel free to keep going, I'll only cut in if necessary and I'll signal it by doing ...
fixt
o/
Oh, hello Luna
Glad to have you back
It's been a while, hasn't it?
Ah, I must have missed it, I'm sorry
I've been a little absent lately, coming off the end of some sickness or another
By the way, Tuzi, when would be a good time for a session, Bogota-wise?
For Maniobra, that is
i'm in the mood for a game of some sort
I ran a lot of people over the past three days in real life, and I think a little break from GMing would be refreshing
just let me know when a good time is, no pressure.
i'll busy myself by making dinner in advance
only if you're comfortable with it, I don't want to divert your attention from an already ongoing session
I haven't yet, but I'll look at it when I get home
sure thing, I will be ready in five minutes.
What's the clever thing you're thinking of, Non?
I'll submit Sicol #25 for my application, CG
Oh, yeah
RIP, puzzle boss
I enjoyed GMing the Redcap ones
I'd be interested in playing as a pawn of the Yangban making overtures to the Triad-Yakuza alliance and driving a wedge into the recently established truce or a pawn of the Elite
Man, I just realized something
I miss Yamana a lot but I also miss Bastard Son a lot
The Elite needs more love, WD-wise
I had two San Francisco-based Elite make a cameo in Firlz's post-Behemoth session, incidentally
Redcap vs. Squad is never bad
The squad, to be fair, was all "haha no".
** was also
what kind of twins
Sure. I was mulling over the premise of a sansei half-American half-Japanese or an Imperialist pawn of the Yangban, but I'm happy to go wherever the trigger takes me
I'm up for it
yay, $90!
Tarot major arcana
Both
If I write three triggers, will that bump both Non and I up by the corresponding amount?
I like just having everyone roll at once near the end so you don't have to watch people get farther forward ahead of you in the queue
That's surprisingly close
I assume that base number varies with the number of initial entrants?
For stats or skills
Skills is twice your knowledge stat
K I L L
Hmph! You like Hoagie but not Schuyler?!
As far as you know!
You ignoramus!
Offensive to the eyes
Nanglers
Perhaps he'd leave, using the three-round window to beat a hasty retreat
The needles are the only applicable portion of the writeup, but may have some relevance here
I'm writing it up.
X - 10, I think
Y - 3, I think
Z - 20, I think
Not sure how owner regens creatures (must be out of combat? possible to regen 1d6 per combat?)
X could be 5, thinking about it
Could make X 5 but alter it such that an attack successfully 'blocked' by the swarm destroys five of them, reducing the autododge threshold
I like it in concept, but the resource management is a little troublesome to track
Parahuman generates a swarm of small, vicious fish, swarming a target or a group of targets as directed.
The swarm can remain attached to the user, which grants them a bonus to Dodge as per the 'Artful Dodge' perk or the 'flowing' costume characteristic, making attack rolls of 1 or 2 automatically fail (baseline 0, with an additional 1 per each 10 creatures kept in reserve).
The user can direct the swarm to attack a target, committing any amount towards the attack up to the amount they have in reserve, making a ranged attack with the swarm as per a Blaster power. By itself, the attack will inflict the user's choice of a wound or a wound effect, changing as follows based on the amount of swarm committed (<5, minor cut, 5-10,
moderate cut, 10+, moderate rend), and the swarm clings to the victim, hampering their movement and causing intermittent nervous spasms of a severity proportionate to the amount of the swarm committed.
Per each swarm creature clinging to the victim, the victim has a 5% chance of failing to perform any action due to pain/spasms, minus 5% per Guts pip they have. As a full or partial action, they can attempt to rid themselves of the creatures, rolling 1d6 and removing that many (or half that many, if the action is partial).
Separated from their owner, the creatures decay over the course of 4 rounds, and the owner can have a maximum of 20 creatures at any given time (including the creatures currently swarming an enemy). If the owner is below this threshold, they create one creature at the beginning of each round. ||
Ah, sorry, should have been pastebinned
One per round seems reasonable, otherwise attacking someone twice with two orders would often be better than committing one large attack at them.
LP4 is relatively straightforward, involving membership in the Offshoots group.
PP56 shifts their body the more of their swarm they commit, body decomposing to form additional members of the swarm as combat drags on and Breaker state able to afflict the same neurological damage by touching/phasing through melee-range victims. Doubling down on it, I'd say that they reach Breaker invulnerability in the sense of a swarm form a few rounds
of combat down the line, simply meaning that their body decomposes when they're struck into more swarm creatures, raising the effective amount of creatures active at a given time.
PF15 meshes well with PP56, where they can't recuperate wounds naturally but will heal/regenerate themselves as they shift deeper into a Breaker state in the thick of combat.
Still waiting for the perfect storm of life perks -- Martin Luther Fisher King
Every melee strike or phase-through leaves further members of the swarm formed from their own body clinging to the victim
Shoal
GM fiat, but I'd say that a 'swimming through air'-type mobility seems reasonable, given the nature of the swarm creatures
The Breaker form would only manifest in the thick of combat, if I'm reading PP56 right
Aim for the heart! Shoot to kill!
If you turn in to a fish the other one will!
Turn into the fish when the chips are down, etc. etc.
@Teller -- did you know $class can increment by 1e-06
Just something I noticed the other say
*day
Forgot to bring it up to you
I can help powergen now
Was droving up to Bham for Nick's trigger
*driving
Deleterious shaker effect that the user can facilitate to improve their facility with melee combat
*can exploit
Think Crane and her orb, but more baseline ambient fuckery and less utility
And no actual orb, just an effect centered on the user
I'm fine with the trigger meself
Would help crystallize the mechanics more but gimme a sec
busy atm
gimme 15 mins
taking longer than expected, but am mulling over mechanics and execution
OK, writing up
Parahuman has vortex field surrounding them, pushing all people within 50' 5' towards them. Vortex facilitates landing blows, dragging victims into waiting fist, and fist does much the reverse, knocking struck victims back and down proportionate to how long the vortex effect has been active since the last melee blow
Power-assisted +1 die and +1 to landing a hit, nearby people (indiscriminate) dragged towards cape, and melee strike deals Lesser/Moderate Bash depending on length of charge, with knockback (5' per round charged) with a max range of 25' since knocks back and down, blows in excess of 25' deal parahuman's choice of 1 mod bash and 1 mod bash damage or 1 mod
bash and 1 mod bash wound
Feel like there should be a defensive benefit in there, as he's hurting someone to save himself and vice versa
Those dragged are treated as per the staggered debuff, there
That settles that
flavor, then mechanics
settles my need for defensive benefit
pardon the brevity, am preoccupied with other matters
the former
what, because the steps are abstract?
I can agree with that
mrgrgrlglrgl!
Seaweed Face
Permanent Allergy Tumors
Subcutaneous Packing Peanuts
Hell Nose
+1 armor, +1 guts, -1 ath, -1 dex?
a thick matted coat of, let's say, moose hair?
Soulfelt
Breaker/Shaker is my two cents
I M M O R T A L
I hope you feel ununwell soon.
Well, even
Do not do that thing that tubes said
Hmm, I should put that in my paste cache for easy access & repetition
Perfect, it's macrod
The lesser of two weevils
Shit, I can't be a sucker
Thanks Erdogan
Hoi!
I prefer xialongbao to egg fried rice, Hierophant
dibs on being cape name Moshiach
I was thinking more of the latter.
A deluded, hubristic early-era cape
It makes more sense for an NPC antagonist, if you went with the early 80s
Just keep at it and set a quota of sessions per week for yourself.
If you gotta do it, you gotta do it. You'll come up with something.
whoa, since when did vul become the map guy
Monte Cristo sandwich
A religious zealot that truly believes they're Moshiach would be a great character, and the shard would clearly be inclined towards ben Yosef
But I doubt I have the requisite knowledge of the Talmud / Judaism to pull that off correctly
I dunno, I feel like hubristic delusion has a better narrative arc
"It wasn't me, officer! It was this asshole Trump who copied my powers and shot the mayor, I swear!"
Benchmark for major parahuman legislation in canon, as far as I know, is 1998
When NEPEA-5 was passed to hobble the Elite's spiritual predecessor
But I'm sure there's something preceding that w/r/t the US and the Birdcage
Trying to remember when the Protectorate was founded and I'm drawing blanks
Funny that I remember more about the Elite ;p
Pastebin, please
No need to post twice
Hey, CG, how is San Raul coming along?
I was intending on posting some triggers but work caught up with me
Let me put a few up for you
I think it was intended as a poor joke, pelt
Per the name of its pastebin
Tik made a joke trigger about NGE
^
o/
I don't believe I can force my way into the starting queue, but I am sitting on a concept or two that would fit well with the setting
Non's presence as a twin factors into the concepts I have in mind, although one of them likely pits me against him post-trigger
Do you want the twin thing to be handled as fraternal twins in a multi-trigger, or identical twins as per Fenja/Menja?
Oh, Kruos? I still have his table somewhere
Hey Dol!
OK, sure.
Both of them seem like they'd involve some specific triggers that wouldn't exactly jibe with the majority of triggers on the spreadsheet, hence my asking.
Alternatively, you could do Nix/Nyx and Cauldron vial.
Tinkering with a 'second-generation, child of a rogue parahuman who's been coerced into throwing their lot in with the Elite' trigger, but I'm looking for something that can give it a little more pop
Have refined the unused hallucinogen trigger from the Arc 16 draft with some more details and slight alteration
And I'm mulling over a handful of options with the third, with something that might incorporate an Oriental gang (vague enough to be used in most campaigns, but offers ties for those who might roll it in SR or another campaign where an Oriental gang is one of the major points of focus)
Hey, Mega
Not too much. I'm still getting in the swing of things at school
It's taking longer than I'd like to adjust to the new schedule, and I'm trying to figure out when a good time for me to commit to GMing during the week
I'd like to be running two full sessions each week, and I'm currently considering Sunday 6-12PM and Thursday 4-9PM
Er, I'm still in Alabama working on my masters for the foreseeable future ('til spring 2018)
Where I go after that is up in the air
what are your favorite memorable characters, Pink
Hmm! Khandhas surprised me on that list
Not saying he's unmemorable
But he feels out of place next to the rest
That's fair. I remember every WD character except the ones before my time (and some of the newer ones), though, so I dunno if that criteria works for me
Let's see. Who's the most memorable out of each campaign, from my perspective
Oakland: Gristledinger, Berlin: Alleskleber, Baltimore: Paperdoll, Detroit: Katie, Bogota: Caramelo, Grantsville: Lensdoc, Lausanne: Panoply, Cleveland: tossup between Amphetamine Queen and Invictus, Sicol Bend: Caul
I might do a 'favorite NPC by campaign' list really quick
Oakland: Yamana, Berlin: Margaery Daw, Baltimore: Pinpoint, Detroit: Figaro (dunno if that counts. if it doesn't, Strat), Bogota: uncertain, Grantsville: Spade, Lausanne: difficult. Crane, probably. Maybe Enfant or Kilkenny. Cleveland: can't, biased. Sicol: Too many to count. Swole, probably. Maybe Broadcast.
Hon. mention to Bastard Son
Might think of memorable scenes later but not today
Helps me as a GM think about what's up and what I want to facilitate
I like her moxie
For naming conventions, Noblesse Oblige is still my favorite cape name.
It's often truncated to Noblesse or N.O.
My current fad is cape names that could fit in Twig or Pact
The Rag Man
NPCs was tough, especially Sicol/G'ville
Just because there are so many good ones
I liked the indirect portrayal of Strat through his organization and subordinates.
Blame Sorensen.
Yeah, Hiero.
Have two ideas I'm considering, as far as character concepts go.
I do have to go to bed soon, so I may not be present to roll luck once the power is generated, unfortunately.
Yeah. Roughly 6:30 PM your time, Fir.
If Hiero is OK with it, I'm OK with it.
Just drop me a ping when I need to $trigger. I'm gonna brush my teeth.
Mishie: ;-;
Huh, gross.
I'll mull over a new character concept that jibes with that trigger and sleep on it.
o/
Not bad.
What'd I get?
Ah, thanks for apologizing. I was hoping for 4x Ruin.
When is Pueblo set, Nick?
Opportunities for cross-campaign tie-ins, maybe.
I may ask you about opportunities. Cleveland is one month behind and illicit dealings in Tinkertech are a secondary factor in the campaign.
Firlz, you're up
Sorry -- to clarify, Sordina thinks the Blackguards are unpredictable, and would like to know more about them / their goals to ensure that they are more predictable.
I'd like to take a look, Bow.
I've been thinking about applying, but don't want to stretch myself too thin.
I might be up for it again next week, same time.
@ CoGo, I'd be up to continue you this upcoming Thurs.
I'm good Tues/Wed/Fri, Pink.
Open-ended powers that depend on the player googling esoteric chemical nonsense are not fun to play or GM.
nothing personnel
wait, Non, is 'that antagonist' referring to reaper or the Dr3 guy
ah
I haven't seen it yet
 o/
What's up, Dol?
Hey Nick. I would be free to run you on an upcoming Thursday or Sunday evening.
Sure. I'll ping you this upcoming Thursday to let you know.
I'll be out of town from roughly 7AM to 3PM, probably, but after that I should be free.
Hey Bel. I'm going to be updating your notes sheet sometime today or tomorrow.
I would like to continue running your character, although I intend for the behind-the-scenes plans to be handled in an OOG context, similar to how Teller presented the Director sheet to you.
I'd also like to ask some chat veterans about refining a trigger concept I have in mind.
I miss Johannes (the Pact character) too.
Yeah, they did.
The advertisement didn't constitute an offer, et cetera et cetera
No, it isn't, tubes
Not unless they demilitarize it
Which involves removing its capability to fly
Second generation trigger -- son of a cape under the thumb of the Elite (or other similar organization) triggers. The cape is a social Thinker of some sort, and the child buds from him. Upon triggering, power provides inkling of father's horror that the organization has more leverage to use against him and that much the same fate might befall the kid,
leading into a 1.5 trigger
@ panth
Yeah, I share much of the same concerns, tubes
Ah, single parent is obviously preoccupied (with being blackmailed, etc) and distant, kid grows increasingly concerned and decides to confront parent about it during a rare shared mealtime or something like that
Say, is the new trigger sheet up for submissions?
Longinus had bonus finesse from his Lens augment.
Is Snakeskin going to team up with Three Snake
I kinda want to do an audio log of some WD session or another. Do you guys have any suggestions?
I really like the Morale mechanic for handling mundanes, Nonagon.
I can see it tying into the reputation tracks -- a Fearsome cape might elicit a higher DC, for example.
And there are some interplays with the Intimidation skill that could be taken into account when the skill is revamped.
The latter, tubes.
The former, Nonagon.
Any suggestions for extant sessions for me to record as per an audiobook? Would be good practice for trying multiple voices.
Sure. I'll probably be inclined towards ones I've read already, so I don't have to run through it beforehand.
Hm. I might have to go through 14A and twiddle it a bit, as Mish changes from 3rd to 1st person here and there and it's tripping me up.
He's seen the PHO thread, at least.
I'm pretty interested with SR.
With what's happening.
**
Give him that sweet sweet Elite info so I can discover it IC. :3
A word of advice re: sandbox -- make sure the city itself still has a continuous, overarching storyline that your players can get drawn into
Otherwise the onus of proactivity is on your players.
Blehh, Cody is gross. Why did I go with this character concept?
I love to play him because I love to hate him, but in a more visceral, low-brow sense than why I enjoy seeing Schuyler's life slowly crumble to pieces.
Damn, all my characters are assholes. :|
Good thing Reimann has his memories back and now he's going to go nuts and try to make up for the guy he melted alive.
Trumpmann
Sure thing, Nick.
I'm here Cogo.
Sure! I wouldn't mind genning
I like that mechanic. Banking rolls for crucial moments.
I'm fine either way.
Oh, sorry.
Sure.
Shame I can't design a table for this, I did one for this trigger as a mental exercise a while back.
I'm gonna step away and get some rest -- gotta wake up in 7 hours.
Cogo, would you do me the favor of rolling luck by proxy?
With your luck spent on double power perks, I hold out hope for Ruin x4.
Would be curious to see how the resultant Tinker table matches up to the one I cooked up for this trigger on a whim.
Best I sleep now, though. Later.
o/
Thoughts?
Top table indicates specialization, bottom table indicates methodology.
Per the usual Tinker table off the Detail Generator spreadsheet, but with extra things.
Let me know when you have the tinker tables for my Pueblo character, by the by.
Here's one that could feasibly used as a template.
This should help as well.
"The Heirloom Focal, who bears a single tinkering with a single specialty and a long list of modifications they can swap in.  Gets an advantage in terms of raw quality, cost, or production speed."
I think I have a few Architect tinker tables as examples.
Teruzi's Doric, PRT DEPT 15's Avalon.
Dragon is a Thinker.
Try me, buddo
Nemesis is still cool.
10 of swords?
the new trigger sheet or the one we've been using
I can't edit because I'm on my phone but I just attempted to give you edit rights
It may or may not work because individual tabs are protected
I'm on the fence about it. Work today took longer than I thought, and I won't be back in town for another 2.5 hours.
That should work. Or this upcoming Sunday?
Er, Saturday is a no-go for me. Thursday and Sunday are best for me
Evening, folks.
Finally made it back home, christ.
Work took 4.5 hours longer than I anticipated.
Damn, wrong channel
 /join #prayer
I was dinking around with more Tinker methodologies / specializations on the drive back.
Yeah, I'm here, Pink. What's up?
I've got to head to bed soon, but I'll be free tomorrow from the morning to the late afternoon, Pink.
good nyoop
hello scrungle
ayyyyyyyyyy
As an IRL prosthetician, I am saddened.
ask for robodick
I don't think he has it in him
!addquote <Antioch> ask for robodick
Do it, son
Put my life on a goddamn timer
Hey, you guys have sicol logs from last night?
o7
Ping me when Bel|away stops being away
o/
Want to do a session in a bit? Maybe get Megafire involved?
Hrm. Maybe not today then.
Lemme know when you're more free.
I have to run Bel first, then you
Let me see if Mega is up for it and we could do a fragment of it, at least.
You mean a guy with a prosthetic limb who's also a changer?
I could see the prosthesis impeding the Changer transformation, as per Lung on Golden Morning, or the Changer state could flow over the prosthesis, incorporating it into the Changer form.
I can see the latter happening particularly in the cases of Changer capes with a 'mechanical' or 'tech' aesthetic.
But I'm also happy enough with the mental image of the synthesis of flesh and machine brought about by the Changer state -- which might well damage the prosthesis.
I'm just guessing at possibilities here -- since powers are in play, anything's fair game
Mega, want to have a brief discussion with Belaris in Cleveland in a few minutes or so?
Just give me a ping when you're free, Mega, we'll see if we can work something out.
I don't foresee the interaction between you too taking unduly long
Hello, here I am.
Was making lunch.
Same day, yeah.
Pcrit arrives early morning, lakeblood happens around lunch
Prep work for Cwn Annwn's press release.
After.
That was a quick bit
Thanks, folks
Antioch:
A brief interaction between the two before Bel had to go back to class.
I am hoping to get the ball rolling again, remind me to ask Bow when he's on for a good time for him to resume.
Have fun!
4'8" or 9", IIRC?
That's fine by me.
Your power can inflict two wounds in one round, IIRC?
Or disable someone's actions with a 100% chance?
Whoops, sorry
Cody wins all the time
The secret to winning all the time is to have really low standards for winning
Afternoon, Thal.
I had a good smoked salmon bagel today.
Made me miss the West coast, though. Salmon quality wasn't as good as it could have been.
Hey, SCG.
Oh man, yeah
Did I tell you that I basically ate the whole thing like an animal on the train
Just vacuumed it up
Those onion rings decimated us
You got a shrimp po'boy, IIRC.
You and your buddy go to a great restaurant and order the onion rings as an appetizer. They're delicious, but leave you with no room for the main course -- which looks all the better. Unable to truly dig in and give the meal the attention it deserves, you find your devotion to the main dish flagging. Trigger.
I like the chaos tinkers.
Cogo-ahead?
Give me about an hour, Firlz, I'm still busy at the moment
Firlz, you're up.
16.
Ten! Of! Swords!
sniff
oh
i have it on my pantry shelf
i'll give it to you on thursday
but you're never at my place
; _ ;
Don't get a saff infection
Where'd that quote come from pink
Sounds like something I'd say
but don't recall when I said it
oh lol
I'm glad that's preserved so I can get another kek out of it when I inevitably forget
!quote 300
I just want to live a peaceful life.
bwahahaha
ravel's fucking fan club
"John Galtman"
who is he
who is john galtman
ooh, yummy
Looks like we all lose.
Hi, sif-cat
Sorry, Nick, my work schedule got shuffled up this week. :(
Maybe, Vern. It depends on how consistent my scheduling ends up being.
Hmm, new wounds. Cool.
Hey Vern.
^
Was an interesting experiment that turned out to put the onus of time commitment entirely on my head rather than the player
Does that rhyme with owned or wound
I can assist with sample powers, Nonagon
any of mine that you can recall being reasonably well-executed?
Fair's fair. Not too many powers I crafted ended up being for my own campaign, in any case
My spare time of late is nonexistent. Have a research deadline to meet within two weeks.
?
Oh, Reimann
He's a melting xenomorph dude, I like his style
Really stoked to see what comes next
Cleveland logs are at 125, IIRC
Is my presence required for gen?
Do it as you please, ping me when luck is required, mm?
Hey Dol.
I'll have my sheet to you soon, Nick. Been a busy few weeks.
That sounds par for the course for an HOSV campaign. Good work.
Oh! Goodness.
I may have it. Checking.
Sure.
Was that what you were looking for?
Linguistically, the correct demonym would be 'San Raulites' or 'Raulites'.
Rauleño might work as well.
They can make your blood run cold, as well as soil your memories.
Hey, Tell.
Things are rather busy, but going well enough.
It turns out I've purchased the wrong (read: too small) type of Hall-effect magnetic encoders, which slows my research progress by two weeks.
I'm designing a carbon fiber load cell to accurately measure force response from a prosthetic leg's heel strike and push-off to inform the torque output of the knee-analogue motor in the prosthetic.
Gdocs has no alphabetizing function as far as I know
Scumbag Scrags
> Ward gets trapped indefinitely in a Breaker state due to your own fuckery
> keep her in your office as a decoration
how good of a ballistic vest do you want
i hear the German police is getting some chain mail b/c of knife and machete attacks going up
snew
Hey, what's up?
Morning, Dol, CG.
Yeah.
Afternoon, Tell.
Hey Vern
I miss Spade. ; - ;
Smartest guy in the room, essentially.
Neat that the organization Z in Lausanne does do that
24 suits, Eastern and Western Zodiac, 2 creators, Kilkenny (Cat), Ouroboros (Snake)
Afternoon, Tell.
Dunno why you'd even have to ask consensus for that
By whom, out of curiosity?
Ogun still best Shaker/Tinker
Damnation, Teller is off
Was hoping to have him put ATM in katabasis.
Am running a solo snippet for one of my IRL players for a non-WD campaign.
Schedule has been really hefty as of late.
Wish I could GM WD more.
Trying to figure out a solution.
Mulling over setting Cleveland aside until my workload becomes less demanding and turning my attention to a miniature campaign that requires a one-session-per-week commitment from me as opposed to two/three, that's designed with the intent to end within four-odd arcs.
Knock knock open up the door it's Vern
Nah, Flint is something that needs more time than Cleveland
Simply because the onus of storytelling and managing things behind the scenes is all on me
Was shot, killed, dumped in the river by 14K after they attacked the prison.
Thinker-Striker C53.
Extrasensory package, primarily.
Hence his trailing capabilities when you attempted to shake him, for example.
Nah. IIRC was a C53 designed off of one of the poorly-designed vials from the public Cauldron sheet.
"Predator" as the name of the vial, maybe.
Cleveland is too time-intensive for my present schedule, particularly as I need to maintain two to three sessions weekly to keep myself abreast of the multitude of events happening (or risk forgetting), as well as to maintain momentum.
More individual threads means more narrative inertia, if the analogy parses.
Yeah. A lot of little things to keep track of, piling up and necessitating more refreshing myself before every session.
Debating whether to just take it easy and hold off until my schedule lightens up (no idea if that will even happen, for the remainder of the time I'm in grad school and juggling a 30-hour workweek) or to try my hand at a less work-intensive small campaign. Large concern on my part regarding the latter, as I don't want to make another scrapped project (be it
inevitably Cleveland or the small campaign).
I tend to GM that way as well, but when the setting is extant and building on itself, I have to keep track of every factoid that gets sussed out and every NPC that gets fleshed out, etc.
Curious why you haven't tried your hand at GMing WD, actually, Fir.
An issue of time?
Sure.
Ditto, Thal, replacing energy with time for my present circumstances
I GM because I enjoy it, full stop
Which I suppose makes me more fickle than I'd like, regarding consistency
I dunno, man, have you read the Sicol logs?
Those Sicol NPCs are A+.
Tell is the GM
Switzerland
Pink was the first PHO threadmaker in the context of WD
Yeah, Gdocs is only good for me when I crowdsource PHO threads
Otherwise the formatting is cruel and displeasing
Regent's the True Use cape, I think
It seems more like his power was the True Use and the way he used it was to keep it under wraps
So it's more of an inversion
Trying to think about a cape who's more representative of the true use luck as written
Makes me wonder how to approach Regent with respect to WD mechanics
LoS reaction to penalize one target's action
2l6, minus 1 to 3, dependent on the DC of the Guts check he'd want to inflict on himself?
He gets feedback after too many uses, so I dunno that he wins a straight 1v1 unless he knocks them out with a taser
aww shucks
Goin' around whuppin people with an antique nudie mag as his Tome implement
Hey, it's been roughly a year since my first Lausanne session (discounting the vial intro).
Nice.
Quite looking forward to seeing what Ace will get up to.
darn, spending all my good luck on npc luck rolls
I generally prefer life perks to power perks
As they give some indication to the character's lifestyle/personality
Yeah, Nona said what I was going to say
If anything I find the Wing/Shell perks to add contrived, generic elements to a power more often than not
I agree, Pink
a good application is rarer than I'd like, though
I was really happy with two Alexandria packages I put together
Yeah, I liked Amphetamine Queen and Capo II.
Horn Lord and Caul are the protagonist and deuteragonist of Sicol, respectively
Gungnir takes the role of the anti-hero, while Slither is the sympathetic antagonist
I have high hopes for Ravel
I'm really curious to see where Ravel's rabid supporters grows into
Ravel's the protagonist of her own personal arc, at present, so I'm very excited to see her integrate into the main storyline
Like Three Snake
Most of my bad names go towards NPCs, sadly
which one
nah, that's just a blushy thing
it's $name, no
where $name is the person who submitted the quote command
!quote 48
in which campaign
Additionally, the balls have an extremely nauseating scent;
^
Fighter of the Day Bro!
Evening, Tell
Well, you're in luck
PM me the details?
Morning, all
I'm here, Vern, what's going on?
What items are covered under 'terrorism'?
Improvised explosives is OK in my book
Would be happy to GM a nutcase buying or stealing a pallet of fertilizer
Sure. Hope you liked it
I really only laid out the bare bones
what isnt me
Aww
Why won't people kill me
Does my death not count for the queue?
Aw
Never a better time my dude
Bete Noire, IIRC
Grindy seems like a feral C53, but he's setting off all kinds of plot relevance alarm bells
I blame Grantsville for upping my paranoia on that front
Rrrrripped
Good ole BoHo
I'm good to resume that session probably not this Thurs but the next (or next Tues?)
This week is the last troublingly busy werk
*week
Did I have a december deadline for something?
Your IRCcloud server is tied to your account, AFAIK
There is
"Hello, [firstname] speaking"
"Hello, [lastname] residence"
"Is it me you're looking for?"
Changer primary, minor Thinker, if I had to throw my two cents in
Now's a good time to attack me tbh
I'm having a nervous breakdown after remembering my past
And creating a context for the atrocities I've committed
Berserker and Hallucinogens
Hoo boy
Wow, that's quite a bit
Necromancer isn't what it says on the tin, it's just the Method name for the BinaryxMad Sci Tinker
I'm happy with MadScixBinary
Mulling over specialization, would be OK with, hm...
Graft and Lifesign, probably.
Maybe Graft and Crystal
Reminds me of Kruos
Although that was Graft/Crystal Cyborg spec
12 Tinker specialization branches, specific specs are intersections of certain branches
Shank someone with a homegrown data crystal, neuter their skills for a time being / motor control clumsily overridden / buff the weak AI of your shambling zombie minions
Just throwing out some vague examples, I dunno
It's pretty open to interpretation
Harvests the dead to augment their own musculature, or harvests the dead as shells/puppets for minions, or distills corpses into 'blood crystals' for some effect or another
There's a nice broad range of conceptual space to play around with here
o/
Making some lunch but here
Lemme scroll up
Sounds good mechanically
Best results when components are cannibalized from bodies, human most preferred
Not sure about the prosthesis bit, as that's more the purview of Cyborg
Fleshy, crystal-ridged exo-sleeves?
Mm, shard wants the Tinker to be fetching corpses, at the very least
It's a constraint that introduces more opportunities for conflict
Mm, sure
He's just a random scrote-dragging Case 53 who got his furry paws on a computer
I don't think I ever gave any thought to where he's located
Hunkering down in the grease trap of a fast food place with free wi-fi
!search fluffy
!search tanuki
I'm free tonight but not for long because I have a class at 8 AM
Tomorrow afternoon and evening will be better, but otherwise I'm free right now for another 2.5 hours
I haven't been genned yet, AFAIK
huh, did i not have a trigger already
Oh, thanks, Mish
Was trying to dig it up
bah
where's my ruin and rock bottom
i was going to kill my grotesque abomination of a daughter to put her out of her misery in a fit of despair
give her ruin
not feeling the postcog
wouldn't mind a tinge of master
no
Hey, Teller, what's on the docket for Sicol?
I've emerged through the dark path of grading midterms and formal lab reports and I'm ready to have my heart detonated in my chest.
Ooh, looking forward to see more of Dol in action.
I'll be GMing for the entirety of tomorrow so I may well tune in after the fact.
Heh, yeah. Glad to have some breathing room.
Ah, have a good trigger concept
Traditional tabletop RPG 'That Guy' pulls the last straw in his group, doing something that makes the group massively uncomfortable for the umpteenth time (argument about rules lawyering, having their character pull creepy shit at every opportunity, trying to rob/attack fellow party members, just overall jackassery). Culminates in the party getting fed up
with his shit, PKing him and bringing the night's session to a close. Seething and irritated and not too cognizant of the toes he's been stepping on all this time -- 'why can't they let me play what I like? It's an RPG, after all' -- he's devastated when the DM pointedly sends him a message not to attend the next week's session, effectively shutting down his
last point of socialization
A bit cliche, but is just a first draft.
I posited a joke trigger where a DM is pushed over the edge by the presence of a That Guy in his campaign a few months ago
But that's the only one I can think of
Came to mind largely just because Nonagon mentioned having a cape named 'That Guy' yesterday
Well, not having, but joked about existing, as prompted by some other discussion about generic cape names
I like the idea of a trigger that establishes some facets of the character's personality as grating and socially incompetent in a way that makes them overstep their bounds constantly, self-justified
Though I can understand that a good few players wouldn't find that an enjoyable experience
I'm trying to frame things such that the triggered character doesn't have the high ground, so to speak, even though they think they do
Makes for an interesting aggrandizing villain concept, particularly with the RPG background
Is doable, Zeik, I've done so
First few attempts are always going to be trial and error, though
Condolences, Zeik
Are you the DM or a player
A group chemistry issue, or something else?
Ah
My biggest qualm with 5e is how restricted character customization is, which I tried to address by having my players come to me with character concepts and working with me to build custom classes that fit their image
Really WIP, but you can hopefully glean my thought processes here
Yeah, I'm in that channel
Wasn't active yesterday
But I do have logs, partially
Heh, I'm not the best to ask about balancing
every time i see tell play hops i want to half-op him
Sure thing, WB
By virtue of reclaiming my memories, I'm about to bluescreen the fuck out
As I reconcile intent to be a hero and atrocities committed as an amnesiac abomination \o/
The Bird Is Good
i'm the nicest around
hmph
Ahh, very psyched for Sicol
@ Thalia -- you have Teruzi's email, mm? 
Any other means of contact?
Ah, shame
I really need to have an IC discussion with Mishie in Sicol Bend
After I'm done disagreeing with this fish, obv
It's a great day my dude
Didn't even need to lift a finger
come on punk
try and backstab me
i'm the king of backstabbing
probably, tubes
from your point of view, maybe!
Cold one of you ping me when Teller comes on?
*Could
Oh, Non, I was wondering how you'd handle a trigger concept I'd been mulling over yesterday/the day before
Local party of TTRPGers get sick of their resident That Guy, an eminently dissatisfactory session where the party members gang up on him and PK him with the DM cheering them on from the sidelines. They go home, seething, and when it comes to next week's meeting, they're pointedly messaged online, told not to come back to their sole opportunity for social
interaction.
Want to try and frame it in a way that makes for an interesting villain mentality
I'd like it to be framed such that the guy is an awful, caustic person who genuinely doesn't think they're in the wrong, because that makes for a really interesting character
But that might dip into flaw territory
That's fair
There was some discussion about implementing a mediawiki wiki directly onto the parahumans.net domain, but getting it set up was kind of a hassle / time sink
Not sure if that's still in the works
Don't think it is, sadly
There's a #wiki channel but it doesn't see much action
The folks with the server access and technical know-how are otherwise preoccupied, AFAIK
"The Gang Murders A PRT Squad"
"The Gang Turns Lake Erie Into Blood"
"The Gang Gets Firebombed Inside A Hospital"
"The Gang Kills The Wrong Target"
"The Gang Tells The Director To Get Bent"
"The Gang Funds Some Terrorists"
Hey Scrags
can you mail me some unwined treats
following their facebook page was a huge mistake
I'm starving every day
Tears are constantly welling in my eyes
Ha ha, welling
!addquote <Antioch> i've always wanted to cook an entire bird in an autoclave
What's up Mish
Do you want to kill Seachange for me
It would be the sweetest irony
godspeed my dude
Hanging by a thread
Chesapeake
Hah
What campaign is this for
I'll give the GM Caitiff's tinker table
Since this is awfully close
Woo! It's Teller!
Luck before table, generally
I can adjust the table to suit
Excalibur, variable ammo grenade launcher?
Backpack fills the canisters with mixture of catalyst?
Say, Tell, is now a good time to schedule an upcoming session?
Taking some inspiration from the Phlegmatic of Twig for this Tinker's armor/bodysuit concept
Ah, that's right!
I saw Dol and tubes go and got ahead of myself
My bad, my bad
Putting that table together right now, Faust
Sent table to Faustus
No problem
PM me for help if you need it
Balanced
Yo Nick
What do you need from me
Free tomorrow and some of fridat
friday
i am not dead
welcome back tuzi
i was missing yo
you
Thanks!
Hope you enjoy the range of options at your disposal
what happened, tubes?
you made some mention of being in deep shit yesterday, but i'm glad things seem to have worked out?
 Crimson Tide and then you team up with the Elephant case 53, Big Al
 what's up mish
good luck
Good luck with Philadelphia, if you choose to run it
Big cities are real troublesome
Gee, I'm really interested to see what Non does in Sicol
I skimmed through it, Dol
Once I'm off work I'll read it thoroughly
OK with this guy bringing useless mooks along as Ath batteries?
Not against it, is what Wink did, but he had a hard upper cap.
Without a ceiling, could get silly.
are you going to texas for schlitterbahn scg
highly recommend
o boi
o/
poor furor
vodka for breakfast
for both schuyler and the kids
@ Turncoat -- I can assist with Philadephia or Pittsburgh
Depending on the time scale, I have Italian mob type group already extant in the area
Also, Parahuman Asylum is in Philly, IIRC.
<Antioch> @ Turncoat -- I can assist with Philadephia or Pittsburgh
<Antioch> Depending on the time scale, I have Italian mob type group already extant in the area
Saff is doing good, Mega
I have NPCs to hand over for either Pennsylvania city, if they're desired
I'm a hero in Lausanne.
Been cutting down on the city's rodent population.
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 271)
 I'm mostly over plump rat now
Can't wait to spring the NPC villain Rat Bastard on you guys
Woo woo, three days to Sicol
On what?
What's the power
The first thing you should do with that power is use it to kill the guy who made it
Damn, it'll be hard to kill him
But you can try
Kill the campaign at least
Rewind to X post is a pretty grody mechanic, from a GM standpoint
And it feels like that's the crux of the power
I got nothin' for this, sorry folks
Hook me up with the trigger and I'll try to tackle it from my own perspective
Arigato
Scan x Social Thinker or pure Social with a tinge of Master would be my take on it
Let me know if you need a hand with the campaign doc proper, Turn
Psychometry in the abstract of some sort would be alright
With the Ferocia perk, I can throw in some Combat Thinker as well to round things out
Hm, so let's do Scan x Combat as a Complex thinker
A twist on the hyper-accurate Bullseye Thinker, with some capacity to use it socially
Honing in on weak points in both the physical and mental sense
Rather than always hitting, when they hit, they hit where it's intended to do the most damage
Can lean on the study foe aspect, but I'm afraid I'm going too hard into combat when it's intended to be a secondary
Enhanced senses and information-gathering suit, with something extra that leans on the former and leverages it for combat
Nah, is fine, ZS
Mechanically is OK, but I'm trying to suss out something that resonates a little more strongly with the profound loss of trigger 70
A sensory suite that leans towards the social, manifesting as a passive, always-active lie detector and the ability to hone in on mistruths and fabrications, exposing them in a way that's devastating to the victim. Gets into their head, chipping away at beliefs, to the point where they're forced to question aspects of their fundamental reality. Skillset
involves pips in Investigation/Empathy, with 'social combat' inflicting severe physical/mental morale penalties on the victim.
Wrap it up with the Combat secondary, where the focus of the Thinker turns towards hitting them where it hurts the most, this time in a more direct, physical sense
Lie detector feeds into their complex, power constantly whispering means to break the focus of their attention in any respect
I don't want to make it too Verdict-y, but it's the direction in which I'm headed
I mean, this character could feasibly be born and raised in West Philadelphia
So it's pretty apt, Pink
"The Gang Gets Miss Wisp Trapped In Breaker Form"
"The Gang Cuts A Deal With The Elite"
"The Gang Releases A Small-Time Villain Who Murdered A Protectorate Cape"
broham
if you become the Director
I want to see you get reeeeal cozy with the Borgata
while your boy Chevalier is convalescing
it's '09, AFAIK
Thaldron
@CupofCoffee -- I was the one who rolled really low for the Cauldron thing
In Laus
What's the campaign? Wilmingtom?
And Cup is the player?
I'm in a very WD mood now, which is good
Just need to get two hefty assignments out of the way
Thanks, Dol
Randall's a Ranger tinker with a flight tree, but I think he rolled a mutation flaw that gave him that aspect
His endgame was to have this Green Goblin-esque hoverboard with air-to-ground laser and missile array, with the board able to shift modes into an autonomous, deadly bird-of-prey drone
I'd like to see that in action, still
Shilling Philly with your shillelagh
Some asshole that hates you openly and vehemently somehow tricks you into his cellar with the promise of fine wine and bricks you in like the fucking ignoramus rube you are. Trigger.
That one Tinker from anchorage bricks you into his cellar with the promise of healing potions
Pick empathy again
Six pips
B)
Transgressio is a no-go
It's gotta be perks 1-57, iirc
For the Director, I'd say an exemplary asset would be something like a favor to be called in
Pulling weight from the higher-ups or maybe having a CI entrenched in a major gang in the city.
I like the idea that he has a chit to call in from the NY PRT main branch in a pinch
Because the city's in somewhat a state of crisis, IIRC
lots of sword based cape names are pretty good, what kind of background is the cape in question coming from?
_seen Firlz
I think we can just say that pelt is out of Dallas due to a difference between GM and player and call it there, ne?
No need for this to come to blows
Oh, hullo Proth
Been a while
How've you been, lad
Whatever it is, it's haram
No need to be fussy. The first PC will tell.
Philadelphia's accepting applications, IIRC?
You don't want to try to out-murderbox Mishie, I promise.
I don't think you'll find a willing GM at this hour, I'm afraid
Anchorage was all just a fevered dream in Roulette's shard-broken mind.
Nah, Backlash is in Detroit
Pretty psyched for more Motor City stuff.
If Cody sees the Citadel in person he'll bust a nut
Ah, let's just drop it. Let the newbie have their farfetched dreams
Enough time and they'll get the hang of it
Taking a gander at WD logs for existing campaigns might give you a more realistic idea of what to expect, as a suggestion
Here's an example. Don't have many Boxes logged, or at least in my Gdoc archives
Blind is generally rolled as a life or power flaw
My advice is to find a campaign to join
You might want to look through the WD rulebook first, actually
That should give you some helpful insight into character gen
I dunno if we're getting anywhere with this discussion, particularly re: theoreticals
Would be preferable if we just set this aside and waited for the concept to play through an actual game, OK?
Why is that?
No items, Fox only
Next time!
I think we should tour the diners of the Mideast next time, also.
I found the chip bag from the canalside restaurant while tidying up earlier this week. Can't bring myself to toss it. They were so good.
When you ask "how much did I break the rules by, exactly?", it's generally not a good sign, haha
Knock knock, open up the door, it's me, Antioch
Which bike?
!search thief
Damnation
Hey, Ties
Hey hey, Ace
Not too much with me.
Pretty psyched to see Cuttlefish in action again
!quote 236
There you go, Vern.
:O
Oh howdy, Dale
Feels like it's been awhile
Understandable
I've only just gotten through the majority of mine as well
Not too much, Mega.
Working on some homework while mulling over WD ideas.
First is boring, second is half-formed.
Much of my capacity as a GM is directed towards running a RL 10-man fantasy campaign at present, so I was considering a minor-effort campaigns (three-shots or five-shots) to fill the gap in my absence.
Thing about big campaigns is there's like 10 concurrent plot threads running at any given time, so I have to commit to running two/three sessions a week or lose track of them, so I took some time off and decided to give Katabasis some love
That campaign's going swimmingly, but is not really a WD thing
No particular ideas I'm fixated on right now. A diet-Helena where multiple PCs vie for a kill-ordered villain post-Khonsu is workable, I think.
Fantasy game is going fantastically, no pun intended
The first two months have given characters a chance to really solidify their goals and place in the world
Depends on the player being Mastered
Some players here are pretty good at that sort of thing, and I'd give them cues to react to and act accordingly
While others I wouldn't trust, and I'd NPC them for the duration of the mastering
If those players are your willing subordinates, then Command applies
You have to take a Deception specialization pip to stack it with another Social skill
Was two or so months back, yeah
Oh, you moved over to Pittsburgh, Turn?
ATM patch note: $seen {self} function message customised for vampiric users
I'm available
Reactor methodology
Thinking about spec
Ego x ??
Alloy or Powersuit seem OK
I'm liking Powersuit, wherein the Reactor tinker is encased in an armored shell that doubles as a life-support system and mobile artillery
Sure, albeit more invasive, perhaps
They trigger in the hospital, cannibalize the dialysis machine
Use it as the initial core for their Reactor setup
Shoring up their failing organs with external devices, modules implemented into a larger-scale tinkering slowly taking form
Plugging into a bulky suit of armor, toting around the requisite life-support machines within their powersuit
Reactor tinker, constantly generates charges used to give gear a little more oomph, as well as some tinkerings outside their realm of capability for a little less bang for the buck
Primary tinkering is a hulking life-support powersuit, with a smattering of gadgets and weaponry to complement
Can dip into contiguous fields of research, also fueled by the reactor, but a higher drain on resources (versatility coming at a cost to power and efficiency)
But the general aesthetic I have in mind is an overlarge mechanical suit with dialysis plumbing intertwined in and out, with possibility for the Tinker to branch out and self-dope using the extant infrastructure invading their system
Not necessarily
Versatility in their builds is there, just when they want to use it, they have to hook it up to the reactor
And using that comes at a higher cost than their usual baseline tinker stuff (the suit)
Suit is powered by the reactor, the reactor is the core facet of their tinkerings
Serves as power source and life support in one bundle, an unwieldy backpack wired to the chest and gut that relies on the suit for support
Clunky and a targetable weak point (less so, encased in the suit) but the tinker has a lot of raw oomph to make up for it
I can give you a starting point for the table
Fine with luck now
threw this together kind of slapdash
back to doing homework
o7
There are two princes standing before you
One only tells the truth, and one only tells lies
One of the princes has diamonds in his pockets
I feel your pain, tubes
Quote 419 - <Anti> On the subject of Gob Magic, needs an 'unwanted moneyshot' ranged option, damageless attack that blinds/marks target/penalizes morale
Pony Bologna
nourishing
You can queue messages / announcements using the _in function
social thinker
secondary skill or sense
Social thinkers arise from triggers with emotional factors that are often master-like, but dwell more on the emotions at hand than the isolation or betrayal component (with such things being there, but not highlighted).  Guilt, shame, self-loathing, etc.  They have powers that enable them to manipulate, study, or control others, but which do so purely by
giving them the right information or skills.
sorry, pink
gotta get up at 4:30 am tomorrow
really ought to be in bed
@ Ellardy
Ah, damn, one moment
Need to adjust permissions and redact sensitive information
Hey there, Raccoon
Lifesign is the intersection between the Data and Life Tinker specialization branches.
Nonagon
as Schuyler, shirtless, "yes, you can raid me all you want, Director"
as Schuyler, seductively removing button-up shirt to reveal the Tinkertech heart, mouthing silently "please help oh god"
Maybe in January? No promises
I'm giving my RL RPG group some love these days
pretty good! just wrapped up teaching, back to research
and yourself?
Just walk up to him and shake his hand
Balls of steel
Seneca would, but not because he has the cojones
Just because Spacebattles is a pack of nutters
If he's upset with you, just tell him it's Schuyler's fault
I'll help you out bb
ha
ha ha
You'll have to rely on Fat Bert to whisk you away.
Assuming Wan's done convalescing.
If Oz was here this never would have happened!
Harsh but fair, ATM.
Harsh but fair.
Make sure you have a campaign in mind before starting up!
4 is a good starting number.
Write what you know!
A town you are familiar with is best.
Attack that has collateral / leaves AoE
Less of a claw and more of a bash, with extradimensional ripples propagating?
Nah, something more subtle
Aftershock?
I don't mind weighty punches that propagate a more viscous iteration of Seachange in a concentrated area for a brief duration
Sends them flying farther and dulls their athleticism
Man, I've been churning out a lot of powers lately
Have no computer atm, but can type up after I'm out of this meeting
your syntax, diction, grammar, choice of phrase, generally speaking
also, if english isn't your first language, not your only language
that was much more succinct, Non, thanks
waiting on my mechanical writeup, presumably
while I'm waiting for this boring ass meeting about high viscosity polymers to curl up and die
I'm fine with luck
can incorporate power perks/flaws into my writeup
Yep
Dying can be good, done well
I liked Dying.
RIP, Director Cross.
I'll include that in the writeup, TC
Back in the lab now
Turncoat, Lid, power writeup is done.
Pretty happy with how that turned out, mechanically speaking
I'd consider it on a case-by-case basis, but on the whole, most Tinkertech would work within the sphere. Light/laser-based projectiles might refract off-course, if passing through a sphere.
I like that it no-sells guns to a certain extent, but only if the cape nuts up and steps into melee to rev up.
Here's what you missed, Lexicon.
Combat thinker, mebbe
This is why you murder villains instead of taking them prisoner!
"[19:31:11] <Antioch> This is why you murder villains instead of taking them prisoner!" Oh, no comment on the other reveal in there?
Wait, which one?
I have a good idea as to what happened to her as well as the effects/symptoms
A P O C R Y P H A B O Y S 
:P
Uh, Fossil, are you trying to assist in a power gen without knowing the trigger?
It's 59 now, Faust, as something got claimed
Point stands
Severe OD on Coy poison, also possible adverse power interaction
I think Stand Tall is pretty good if you work it.
Nachzehrer's great.
I hope he turns an ankle and bangs his knee on your desk.
I can put together a more polished version later, but currently I'm packing up and finally going home
"I am the bone of my creepy attic"
Out pops Frederick the Intern from Grantsville
Clawing his way out of the ocean dimension he was trapped in
Such a shame that Doubledown will probably not live to see KFC release the KFC Double Down
And eat two of them, as per his birthright
Tacos aren't very heroic, so I dunno
4/12/10
Huh, maybe he can make it
6 and a bit, apparently
Untouchable
gee am I glad Deep Six is out there and we're in here
what I want to know is where's the sherrif?
Sheriff is Virgil Song
The PRT Squad 3 leader
what a thrill~
imagine how Dol would feel if you killed Deep Six right here and right now
you might have to start an orphanage just so i can burn it down and give you something to shoot for
o/
I assume you have a more detailed writeup of her power in your files, Non?
Sorry about Pas going berserk on your guys. I knew she was really fucked up or dead and you guys were in the best position to find her, but I didn't expect for her to react so violently.
I make no apologies for Deux.
That was a river, AFAIK.
I have one hidden session right now, but just that.
Not everyone can trigger. I think that not having a corona was a stipulation of my taking the Unpowered Leader option.
The PRT cleaning up the Tong was very recent.
Whereas the Keepers attacking the Tong was roughly a week ago, in game time, to the best of my knowledge.
I don't remember the specifics, but I think being unpowered came part and parcel with the position.
Hey, go me.
I think Teller's intent was to have a second character who primarily focused on out-of-game actions and directing underlings, but I can't be sure.
It makes NPC organizations a hell of a lot more organic, that's for sure.
"[09:14:47] <Antioch> Hey, go me." Yeah, go. *points to freshly dug grave*
I don't have any desire to butt heads with the PRT, but if Sonderman catches a whiff of my collusion with the Brotherhood, it could happen -- particularly if tubes decides to align nominally with us and step in as interim leader.
Claire gets her legs blown off, my heart is detonated in my chest, y'know.
I think you should wait for me to throw my life recklessly away before you take action, where my last act on Earth is a futile attempt to destabilize the Wolves in order to try and make a meaningful impact on the city,
Huh, I see.
Pretty happy I went unpowered in the end.
Imagine the Keepers in a position where they're maligned as a reckless, unhinged hero organization that has disproportionately attacked criminal organizations such as to permanently disrupt the city's status quo.
Then imagine Schuyler desperately requesting help from the PRT, revealing his condition and the duress he's being put under.
Then imagine you, arresting the Little Doctors, and watching me die slowly while the crawl to Tinkertech malfunction gives you time to perform a smooth takeover of all the Keeper's holdings and assets.
Agreed with Non -- I will die before the campaign is over.
But that's the fun of it!
Schuyler is living on borrowed time, which lets him play his own life as a bargaining chip or ante with far less compunction than he normally would, so it pushes me into territory where I make a lot more reckless/uninformed decisions that will complicate things needlessly.
As far as characters with compelling narrative arcs go, Schuyler is a favorite right now
That's my personal channel, as per the topic
I'll often post notes for my own reference that aren't for the public eye
You're not in the channel, so it doesn't matter.
Pretty excited to see the rest of Sonderman's session play out
Also wonder if you could recruit Furor. He seems like a reasonable guy.
Mornin', Dol
What's the opposite of Occam's Razor?
Yeah, that works.
I have some conspiracy theories for the Fantasma duo, G-sus, Grindylow, and Deep Six.
heh
Ghost army, ghost of christmas past
I can't speak on this because I don't know what Deep-Six's power is in specifics
But I don't believe Doubledown's power would work.
Yeah, I did.
Gotta figure out how to do the twins thing
I'm up to chat twin trigger logistics whenever
We're fucked
gg
achilles garage
It's an omen
Eminent is corporate hero team based in San Francisco
Mind if I take a look?
I'm up, CG.
 I could stay in the cocoon indefinitely and go full Swiss
Hey, Non, let's not do the rhyming cape name thing
Dibs.
Ruin, boys
Heh heh heh
Now roll some double perks, Non
And we'll both be winners
How the fuck did we both get married
downright improbable
Ping me when ya done
Hey Non, do you think your character would have gone to college
Nah, I got you
Have the notes somewhere, just gotta put em down
what about that eight grader delusional disorder thing
would someone w/ Borderline even consider a divorce?
I may not have a good grasp on the disorder
I think it makes sense to increment, imo
tracking PCs
we increment for Cauldron capes, ne?
Huh. Maybe we don't
shrugging emoji
I can think of Gungnir and Candela
I was mistaken
Oh, the Horrortinker?
Prompted by Mega showing me one he did for Sicol earlier today.
Dead/incarcerated capes not listed
Neat way of looking at campaign demographics
Oh, nice, Nick
I never had any rails in the first place :(
Icarus was a cape in Minneapolis or Charlotte or Paris, so yeah
Hm, how does the syntax for that go?
4//3 is Feral. You start gushing blood from open wounds without penalty for one round.
7//2 would have been Wink. Single-shot spear syringe saps people of blood. Can maintain tether, ticking certain stats up by +1 per round.
9//1 is Knuckleball. Fires harmless blood projectile that marks victim, causes future attacks to home for the next 3 rounds.
I never made a table. This is improvised with a few rules.
7//3
Khandhas wasn't on the list
GM convenience, mostly, Fir
DD fires harmless blood projectile, seeps into target material. Detonate/disintegrate mark at will.
There is a range thing involved.
Hmm. I think 9//3 is Cwn Annwn.
Rule of three.
Death was mostly because Squad Zero was bloodthirsty.
Astrid and Malakov are still puttering about, being assholes.
I think it is kind of poetic that things took a turn for the worse once you stopped giving into the shard and started tamping down the urges.
Re: paranoia.
Heh. Yeah.
I think things would have played out differently if you deployed Valiant or Fleetfoot to handle things alongside the squad.
Granted, they might have died.
Yeah. Sorenson's PR wrote you into a narrative corner.
He took out the city's police and turned Kusakabe into a vegetable.
Yeah. Posthumous Master 8.
Yeah, I saw that one earlier today.
Made me think how much easier it is to run WD over IRC, just because we have bots that support a lot of the mechanics and streamline certain things.
You should change your name to Feastus when you go eat dinner
My power suggestion is that he dies.
If he gets mashed into a pulp, is he just an immortal puddle or flesh?
Sounds like a good pie.
Ping me when you get on, ColdGold. Would be interested to continue the Borgata vs Blackguards session.
Have some free time, might host PvP or PvNPC battle box if new players have some interest, mostly just to shake off the rust re: combat mechanics.
wb tuz
haven't seen you in a while
do you remembah
the twenty-first night
of septembah
Funk
Mornin', y'all
not bad.
yo
you get my ping?
Hmm. I can start in 2.5 hrs or so, Cogo
Have fun frittering!
Almost ready, Cogo.
Had to run by the machine shop and handle some minor errands.
ColdGold -- Ping me when you're ready
Later on today, I can host PvP or PvNPC one-shots to knock the rust off of my recollection of combat mechanics, if anyone is interested.
You can request most of my extant NPCs.
I can also schedule a cleveland session for you, Nick.
Thanks!
You find a campaign to join by waiting for one to open up, and then once you're in, you can gen a character 
Cursed image:
15:05 <[ATM]> CG|Artful "Acrobatics" [1] (1) (1) +1 = 2
CG is attempting to graffiti an art gallery.
It's like he's that Banksy prick.
Five ones in a row, then a two.
Cursed.
What will you do now that school's out, Teller?
Also, what will you do now that jail's out, ColdGold?
(re: Gungnir.)
Wrapping up CoGo's attack on the art gallery in Cleveland.
A Big Mac, Gungnir?
Is this going to be another hollow promise you're not going to follow through on?
My expectations are very low for you, sir.
Why don't you settle for a whopper junior?
I didn't even know that was a thing O.O
Join the Keepers, and I'll turn your inevitable death into a cornerstone of my grand scheme!
Do it fam
I'm a man with a vision
I'm a man with good intentions
I'm also a man with a Social score that'll whup your ass
Too bad Oz is dead ; - ;
Hops' sessions are always a treat to read.
Looking forward to seeing more, particularly as he no longer has school on his plate for the time being.
!search you thief
!search thief
That's the one.
Feast and famine.
[Power Flaw 2]: Emotional Skew.  Use of powers deadens or wildly heightens emotions for a duration after the fact.  May apply to one area of emotional spectrum or all emotions; tends to be balanced in duration/scale/degree of accumulation so that character has to weigh cost vs. merit of using power.
Man, if Walloped was still Walloped, CG would be racking up so many kills right now.
Verminator was dealing the rend damage.
Downsize, the foul-mouthed ring-tosser?
She got out OK.
Primus's fighting force is down to her and Vanguard.
For the time being. Remains to be seen if TGK would assist the corporate capes.
Feral was on the receiving end of -most- of those rends, so the roll reports are somewhat misleading.
No, both rends she took were to the head.
She couldn't be immolated quickly enough by Burn Notice to be reduced to ash, and he's pretty good as pyrokinetics go.
Propane and propane accessories
NP, had a blast.
Those rolls weren't very high-stakes, at least.
Not a definitive enough win, in my books. You could leverage it into a bigger win as you said earlier, to a given extent.
making dinner
Rargh?!
Good luck in Sicol today, Non.
the tong is dead tho
yea gimme 30 mins or so
heavy is the head
GM traditionally rolls wounds, as NPCs may have power/equipment that dampens wound severity
A guide sorta like Non's one?
Is a real page, promise
My parenthesis fucked with Cashy
Er, Dashy
But I can keep an eye out for any good ones
I should probably just program a script that logs chat when someone types $trigger and stops when that same person types $luck
And dump that into a discrete text file
Not the perfect starting and ending points but is decent for lazy automation
Especially as I can go through all of my extant logs and apply the same logic
Might be able to sift out a gem or two
Some that come to mind would be CoGo's Artful Dodger or Nick's Rat Boy.
Ravel, maybe? Recollection is hazy
I chipped in on a few triggers lately but they all blurred together
Yeah, that's right
Non's really good at making powers that are fun to play, IMO
fucked up tbh
Oh, Panoply and Citzen would be great example for a multi-trigger guide
*Citizen
Dodger's power has been fun to GM, and from what CoGo is telling me, fun to play
I appreciate his creative uses of it
I can trawl the logs / cobble some horrible monstrosity to trawl the logs sometime this weekend, ideally
last stretch before this crazy busy week is over
Who are the extant players, Mega?
Firlz and Dol?
If you're only looking for two, you can probably just pick players you think will work well.
Unless you foresee opportunities for culling undesirables further afield
I don't mind submitting Sicol #34 to you, Mega.
Haha, goddamn, tubes
yep.
Hmm
the hidden Schuyler log is more representative of my RP style
Rigly bigged
I think that knowing the GM's tastes enough to submit the correct log is an important part of the selection process
Sic Pas de Deux on him!
When will I roll Ruin as luck
:(
o7
"30 sessons"
"months ago"
weakling
same
Probably for the best Red leaves town
If she's such a dang pushover!!
!addquote 21:20 <Non|Sonderman> If the PRT fired all its parahumans with mental issues these walls would be manned by ghosts.
Mega can commiserate, I bet
Can use both but not both at once
Is a stolen Cavalier 2HB machine gun, traditionally roof-mounted to certain PRT vehicles, AFAIK
Scraggy manned one when he was Driver Dan
But Kosho has the requisite Brawn 6 to pick it up and haul it about
Ah, thanks!
I had forgotten about it, and Cashy's $help roll documentation is a little bare.
Is that just baseline, or due to your armor encumbrance?
Nah, is new barrage.
Albeit with an old gun.
Automatic/5 with no multi-shot penalty.
You done'em dirty.
3h6, Mish
Kosho's a diluted Hatchet Face power with a broader range, but the ability to focus on one particular parahuman instead of it being an AoE thing, IIRC
Hm. I think I did that myself, bum-rushing the policeman with the Tinkerized rifle in the Lausanne hospital
Too heavy to move?
haha, damn
Not 100% sure. From context, some kind of bone/slime C53?
Recruitment stuff?
For like, mooks?
Yeah, gimme a second
The second one is, sort of
WIP, though
Words's Data Mastermind Tinker in Pittsburgh
I'd get Jonesy, myself.
Mack Piddles just isn't a good gangster name. It doesn't strike fear into my heart.
Billy the Prolapser
Ebenezer Spelty
Pips are nailed down at creation, Turn
I like 'Joey Camaro' as far as gangster names go
Re: the old term "bitchin' camaro"
Because he just won't quit fucking whining
Or rise up, shedding the Camaro name, to become the quintessential Joey
Hey, you don't sound like a real orc!
Welcome back, m'boy
Huh, that's a good analogue
Maybe we should tie in a notoriety bit into the rep tracker
Madcap pulled a pretty good paint job :p
I don't care if Blue Bomber dies. I just want to see Ogun in action.
Not a lot of people trigger that old
Uppercrust and Masamune are the only two dudes that come to mind
Is Megatokyo still going on? I remember getting into it back in the day, but the update schedule got really wonky.
This was from way, way back, Div.
Before the luck rework.
Oh, Bow, I fiddled around with the $npc tinker function to have it draw essentially from the detail list
So that one's a little better than how it was, at least
Also, CG's character is fun. Haven't had a chance to really GM for a character that's balancing cape and civilian life with the two kind of intermingling like this before. Really spiffy
All the atrocities I've committed are now rendered in full perspective of an idealistic undergraduate who wanted to be a hero!
\o/
I've run one once. It was really tough to do, even though it was only two players.
The characters were focused on evacuating the wounded and delaying the advance, in my scenario
Oh yeah, CG
Liking the disparity with the mask on/off
Maybe I can find her with my magic antenna!
I wasn't even aware that FT was a coastal city
Nah, just my armor, IIRC. Think I dropped off the antenna at the lab and let it upload while we went out to visit the tower
I have a partial map somewhere
After we shared a paddle boat together!
I see how it is.
Was going to Chicago to see Hamilton, stop by and say hi
But tickets sold out before I could snag 'em
Have tickets now, but they're for July-ish of next year
where's my Roller Coaster Architect Tinker
we could make Action Park
Bigger... better... more loop-de-loops at the end
Shinkansen was an electromagnetics tinker that fired magnetized spikes as railgun armaments, or as improvised maglev tracks for his floaty-boots
The more you know about it, the less research / prep work you need to do.
On the other hand, you can play it more loosely with a fictional city.
Or just make shit up a little, since it isn't really Earth.
whew
I'd been sitting on that one for a little bit
No problemo
You're a treat to GM for
Yeah, he was pretty clever and creative about using his power in the fight earlier in the session
I also like the potential his character has in terms of development, especially as he's being tugged in different directions
By Caitiff, the heroes, his brother, Primus, his shard, etc...
I have no idea where he'll fall at the end of this, so it's a compelling narrative for me to follow myself
Artful Dodger (he has a power flaw that makes him a fight-hungry compassionless dude as he uses his power more)
Like, I'm rooting for him but I'm also worried for him
Which is a great place to be, story-wise
I'm gonna rest up now, so I can get ready for tomorrow's Sicol Bend session
Your time is up my time is now
o/
Yeah, Pink, I have the Katabasis logs saved
morning, all
 
Afternoon, Tell.
I can get them once I get back to my computer.
grimdank
yeah boy
morning grillin
oh damn
i'll be in orlando on thursday
i need to move that around
any sunday work for you?
yeah, florida
yep, tues is still good
Gee whiz
The Keepers are back in business, folks
At least I won't have a heart attack from overworking myself!
indeed
Thanks for the session, Tell.
Had a blast.
Is that Amphetamine Queen's trigger?
You gotta make the best of things, Dol.
If you're rigged to explode, see how many you can take with you in the blast.
Yeah, that's the one, Drom.
Saff is an excellent player.
Nah, she's doing fine
Taoua in Lausanne has a panoramic restaurant near the top
Lol, imagine if I tried to get everyone for a WD meetup in Cleveland
All the muggings would be on my conscience
I also stopped there via train en route to DC.
a private investigator?
I love the Terminator OJ shit
Sorry, Mega. Woke up later than I anticipated with more on my plate than I accounted for.
It may have to wait for a bit.
g'luck, tubes.
You were the one who asked to play, right, Foss?
I was wanting to reopen Battlebox
I have a few NPCs that would be fun for players to tangle with
Good call, proth
I don't think you guys should strive to be a Scrags
Pretty psyched for me and Non to make things difficult for you guys
Nex into ruin! The dream is still alive
How apropos.
A little bit distracted at the moment, Cam, but I can try and chime in
Smacks of Free Tinker or Esoteric Thinker
But Free Tinkers are a bitch to GM for / make tables for
Let's lean towards Esoteric Thinker, then
Esoteric thinkers are thinker powers that work with other powers (and are thus trump-like) or approach the types of thinker listed above with an abstract angle or twist.  Their triggers involve thought processes or understandings that are abstract or distant from the usual human scope.  Their anguish is one that involves faith, conspiracy, superpowers (but
not so connected to powers in active use that it’s trump) and the like.
I'd probably go for an endeavor-type Thinker?
Scan works, yeah.
Shardsense would be Esoteric x Sense
Power Reading as Esoteric x Scan, mebbe
Maybe involving some deleterious 'eye of sauron' effect
AoE clairvoyance or the like, I'd suspect, Cam
Nah, to the person whose power is being read
Gradient vision mode, where they 'push' their mind into entering this altered sensory state
The real world bleeds out, and he starts seeing things through the 'eyes' of his shard
Tunnel vision, of sorts, honing on on nearby parahumans
The initial glance gives them the broad strokes of their subject's powers
A rough idea of classification, element, power themes
As they focus, losing more awareness to the world around them, they start picking up on nuance
The ways the cape has leveraged the power, insights as to the cape themselves -- picking up on perks/flaws and the like
All the while, the observed target gets the 'eyes over their shoulder' debuff
Paranoia, Awareness check fake-outs, etc
Yeah. I'd say they could also keep it on a low hum in the background
Not really shard radar, but enough to tell, 'ah, I'm looking at a cape', if they tune out the world around them
Paranoia can manifest as freak-outs, uncertainties, second-guessing, constantly checking their back
Maybe some Willpower saves to mitigate, but end result is combat penalties manifesting in the loss of skill pips as they lose focus/concentration
And as per Endeavor Thinker, can push
Concrete bonuses on rolls vs. subject of focus, and subject being overwhelmed by "I'm standing right behind you and staring" presence
Your thoughts? I feel like this needs a bit of polish
But the scaffolding is there
You can also pull stuff from Compiler in the Thinker doc
As far as the 'Uncomfortable Scrutiny' upgrade, and the Esoteric Scan options
Hit me up when luck is rolled, if there are power perks/flaws to be applied I can chip in again
Those were the whammies that you specifically did not request
PF12 already folds in-- yeah
Vampire works here, I think
Somewhere along the way, the power conks out, and Fulv's char, who's gotten to a position to be more reliant on it, might have to go out and shank some capes, jamming their eyeballs into his eye sockets
lmao
Do it to test your abilities
Crummy, controlling spouse, IIRC?
No prob.
Might give his power more oomph at the outset
Gathers info quicker, at higher ranges, revealing weak points more handily and increasing the potency (DC) of the debuff
Pfft! Conspiracy theorists can make friends too!
Start a cult! Nothing could go wrong.
I'm a big fan of PF16, tbh
It gets you the oomph you need to get entrenched, and then you find yourself incapable of holding your position because your power is failing you
Makes for a really cool tale to tell
You could just roll the dice and say X sessions in
Or X sessions after Y milestone
Hot damn.
What's wrong with that?
I hope I get to give Bogota a whirl again soon.
Maniobra's fun.
His first session was really enjoyable.
It's a lot more fun to play the characters that think they're bulletproof, even when they inevitably get shot.
Kinda sorta not really.
Oh yeah, Non has an NPC bestiary too
Your surmise is correct!
Tinkering mishap?
I wonder if it's part of protocol to say "I know you're in there" to empty rooms in order to punk Strangers
Spade is the smartest man in the room in any given situation, but can he see why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
Lol, I wonder how Spade would react to being asked rhat
Craft (explosives)
Job (architecture)?
more of a civil engineering thing
poor nex
pinged to death
Killhand Defects To The PRT?
G'luck, Div
Yeah, 2 arm from Light Arm / Armor
Before you get caught up in reading sheets and trying to game powers, Foss, I recommend you read session logs first.
Provides some context as to the nature of the game, rather than treating your characters in a mechanical vacuum.
Which logs?
Lausanne and Sicol might be more edifying, as most of the die rolls are annotated.
Yeah, I'd advise you just drop it. Clearly you don't know enough about the power/context, and you're jumping to false conclusions off of your assumptions.
New /tangential topic, please.
Denver
D&F needed to live.
Secondary priority on Hex, but not a necessity.
Yeah, Mega intuited it, meta-wise, after digging into his trigger event to try and get some insight on the similarly-powered Mortal Lock
Lock triggered when his longtime friend and boss of a startup game design company fired him to downsize.
Was a multi-trigger, with the boss triggering out of guilt as well.
Who?
Ah, yeah.
It's not gonna catpun.
A lot of plot threads died off-screen
The little picture stuff kind of got ignored by the little picture people, to a certain extent
They wandered off in search of better climes and more Case 53s to eat.
nice trigger
Police officers can get into traffic accidents too!
I liked Blue Bomber.
!search molotov
You got that right, Non
Dumb and crazy is the name of the game
Heh, yeah.
I run with the scissors pointing up, you walk with the scissors pointing down
Ooh, thanks.
Roger that.
You should transfer in Gungnir from Portland
So that he can kick the impostor's ass
What are you in the mood for, Drom?
We're talking about Sicol rn
Hey, Mega, are you free for a moment?
I have time to do the discussion w/ Sordina, Verminator, Sorenson, if you're available.
Only if you want to.
oh thank god they don't
i'm saving this in a paste for scrags
Most of it was my fault for being a deekus and trying to wrangle two campaigns at once.
I have been tinkering with the campaign doc in my off time, Ace, and I hope I can restart it after I bring Cleveland to a satisfactory conclusion
But things will be different this time around. I may also port the main premise of the campaign into a smaller city, because the large ones are a lot of trouble
mornin
Hmm. Pretty soon, I think.
Just need to finish this homework
Aye, I'm here
Working on homework at the mo, so a smidge distracted
Tomorrow might work better, earlier in the day for you. You're... seven hours ahead of me?
I'd be game, midmorning or early afternoon your time, if you're available during those hours
Swell
Hey, Nick, I'll be ready for a session at your leisure
Oo boy.
More like Bunglenir, am I right, am I right?
You could say he's pretty gung-ho about it
Gotta dash, friends, if I'm to make it to the airport with time to spare for dinner
Au revoir!
I have something listed down as "training area" on my character sheet, which may serve the purposes of the gym.
I like to the fundraiser session, if were talking about sessions with the director.
pardon my poor typing, I am using speech to text
Grindy is hardly final boss material, man. Step your game up
that makes a decent bit of sense
caul can have an army of minions, and the Goo may be able to be a one use armor against deep six striker effect
Initial D
Redline
Lie in my cocoon until 4PM and then eat one microwave meal
Sorry, Non, was on a flight
I'm more villain-leaning but flexible
Beef pho sounds excellent right about now
Btw, Mega, I'm gonna play as Bikevendor100
I'll be part of the biker gang
Someone does not buy your reasonably priced bikes. Trigger.
Not bad. We're checking into the resort.
I'll probably let the trigger decide my leanings
Today 'til late Friday.
I just want to be a humble bike salesman
I like how CG, Scrags, and I are all sitting in a hot tub and just talking about WD
There, Thal
Can trigger
triggered
I could always just commit some Slime Crimes
yeeeeeerereeereeaaaahhh
None thus far
I thought it was Gecko's trigger
But it wasn't
Just very very close
41
I'd like for my character to arrive due to Lazarus's death, hoping to take advantage of the situation.
A relative newcomer.
Caul! I got you out of fucking jail and this is how you repay me
I'll have my vengeance for this
I'm a bomb too
We'd get along
No. ||||
Ooh, nice
It would be interesting to write a module book directed to new players to Weaverdice, who have never read Worm before. They could be introduced to the novel and the world of Worm through a module that take them through a bunch of traditional superhero shit like bank robberies and saving people and one on one fights in the street and junk, which inverts them
in a Worm-ish way as they work through the plot.
I have done module stuff but it has not been for people who have never read worm before
^
tubes gets it
my man
yo, saff
oh, ok!
"I'm just hoping it doesn't get violent."
Hoagie knows about your sinning ways
Repent
Yeah what's up
yeah
I've never heard of that idiom, unfortunately, tubes
Having rank 4 in an applicable skill
Or powers
Hey, she likes me
Hit me up Mish
I'll get you everything you need
Superstition is interfering.
70-30?
Schuyler bought a gun before he met superstition
Yeah. And he started shooting because of Superstition + paranoia
Rinaldi wouldn't have killed him
"[23:51:28] <Antioch> Superstition is interfering." Yeah. Superstition is interfering. The superstition that dice magic exists, that is!!!
Yeah you got it Non
I survived Hoagie :|
I'm still alive, no?
I'm too useful to kill, honestly
The sheer value of bankrolling her tinkertech is making her stay her hand
I've been toeing the line and irritating her subtly to gauge things
Still lowkey trying to give orders and seeing how she reacts
I really enjoy playing to Schuyler's flaws
His arrogance is his defining trait
I feel like irid has the mindset to grasp the true depths of Schuyler's keikaku
Schuyler is 33
I'm gonna tread on you my boy
hahahahaha
hahahahaha
hahahahaha
hahahahaha
hahahahaha
why would I kidnap you?
Schuyler deals in more permanent solutions
That's called the will of god, duhh
ping me when teller gets on
Hey, Tell
Was wondering about patrol assignments for Keepers, and how much agency he has in those calls
RIP Thousand Hands
I am good whenever.
Tues and Thurs preferred but anytime is fine.
Hours between 3 to 12 PM Teller's tine preferred but anytime is fine
Ah, yeah, is already 29th where you are
22, woo!
Ah, yeah, that's what I meant
10 PM cause I'm in florida but it would be 9 PM in my usual locale
So yeah, tl;dr
yeah
Teller is an hour ahead of my usual afaik
Please do not slander me
My reputation as a moderator is already being tarnished from meeting you IRL
Quick question- how many triggers are on the list right now?
Have a few to add
Missing piece of the puzzle, confusion, chaos, iirc, Cam
Depends on which type of each
Uber and L33t are the only Thinker/Tinker duo I can think of rn
Pastebin triggers and post in chat to vet is my recommendation
I think that's on the old spreadsheet that we don't use anymore?
made it home too
gg
Photo album for the trip
cogo
Oh shit!
Ooh, Attractive perk reworked for new rep
Wonder if I can put that into play in Sicol
Pungnir
I don't think that was a do-or-die social roll, but one that determined how much info he gets from her response/reaction
I'm rooting for you, CG, but I do hope this doesn't any with any fatalities on either side
Hmm. Thinking about it, I feel the quoted 'The Second Coming' in Sicol Bend's summary has a lot of parallels in the storyline.
You got this, CG
I'm honestly very curious as to how Hoagie's disposition to Gungnir would change if he'd chosen the name Longinus
I have.
It's 'you'll cowards'
The South African equivalent of a Hoagie is, apparently, a Gatsby.
I wonder if that's relevant to Gungnir.
They're pretty good. There's a chain mostly in Alabama that does these steamed signature hoagies. Love 'em.
on some darth maul shit
I love how close yet apart these two are in their ideologies
Because they have similar ideologies
She's the one person in the city that goes after monsters like he does, but with the big difference being she doesn't care about collateral damage
!addquote <SCG> I apologize for being a toxin on this community
Templar had around four to six hours to build the power suit, to clarify
G'luck and g'night, Cogo
Hey, Megafire -- good to resume
Ready at your leisure
Sure. Having some difficulty loading logs, one moment
It's the will of god, obviously
Can help as well, Ellardy
No allegory intentional. Shit just happens. Weirder shit than usual
Schuyler was built as a direct allusion to the Second Coming.
Re: "the best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate  intensity" (paraphrase)
The Hoagie and Gungnir dynamic always felt like a deconstruction of the falconer / falcon, respectively.
Yeah. Have to give Panda props for kicking off the show.
Made things easier on me to maneuver in, I feel.
I'm wondering if the Yellowjackets plotline is wholly truncated at this point
Back at it again in Sicol Bend
Ballista her!!!
With Gungnir's signature skewers
Tasty home cooked grill food
A fork is neither a spear or lance!!!!
Maybe one of those long forks.
Three Spears In One: Trident
For All Your Stabbing Needs
Configurable trident with rotating prongs, with center prong in array being more pronounced/extended
Let me check.
Yeah, you have a follow-up session on Saturday evening.
yeah but how bad is her breath teller
does she have a toothbrush and toothpaste in her rusty box
has she been ignoring dental hygiene in favor of doing the lord's work
Lake happens 2 days after this. Was my fault, wanting to get Nick and Cogo established before shit started getting hairy
It's just a matter of being presented less information about her reaction, I think
And I was right, wasn't I?
Horn Lord and Hoagie would be interesting.
Horn Lord is a staunch atheist
Anti-establishment and willing to kill to protect his 'people'
So I dunno.
Good save, Cogo
Broadcast almost fucked you over
Yep. Can get you anytime after Mega.
God didn't will it, it seems
Gungnir has to get with Superstition
I don't think we know how old superstition is
Minor bump on the rear of my car, nothing serious but slight delay as I handle the insurance stuff
Pardon the delay
Not a huge problem, they're at fault, just had some of my time eaten up
Was pulling out of a parking lot on a steep slope, and the car behind me overstepped by a slight amount.
Damage is getting paid for, issue is by and large resolved, just threw me off today's rhythm, I suppose
Whoa! Double Sicol Day.
We're blessed.
I'm ready when you are, Nick.
... wow.
There's a high school in Cleveland right near Downtown called Invictus High School.
That had to have been awkward.
Yeah, they would have changed names, almost definitely.
Combat costume feature (e.g. spiked gauntlets, per Nachzehrer) can increase melee attacks from lesser bash to moderate cut/pierce.
On that subject, I should schedule a session with Non soon.
And Bow!
SCG, if there's anything you want to do of your own volition between now and your next scheduled psychiatric appointment, PM me, and I'll see if it merits me running a session for it.
I admit I dunno enough about those to feel comfortable running them accurately
Cameron's got a few Iron Will t-shirts himself.
Valiant, as well.
Get that sleeveless burned off tank top aesthetic
I like vetting triggers in this channel.
I don't check the trigger sheet often enough.
Man, these guys aren't making that great of an impression
Maybe the Keepers would be a better fit for you. :)
Not all of the PCs
I sure as heck don't want Helen!
Are the fans a perk or a flaw...? I can't tell.
Helen doesn't know what a whip is. She's not hip enough for the keepers
Was it rolled as a perk or flaw, though?
Ahh
Bery
* Bert
_seen Whispersilk
I love the syntactics of 'all she knows are low blows'
That's just a really well put-together sentence
Glanced at it, but not sure how to fill it out
Oh, there are categories now
Looks OK
No immediate concerns
I'm pretty happy with WD stats at the moment
Guts and Ath are high tier by dint of being the immediately defensive stats, but I feel like I'm always making difficult decisions as to which stats to prioritize
I've yet to see a Finesse Dex dual-wielder PC
Which I feel is a pretty punchy combat build, what with the capacity to multiwound
Hm. Think I have a rough concept. Let me hammer it out, and if someone wants to PVP my unpowered Knife Man as a test for my concept, I'd appreciate it.
Skills that haven't been updated yet are the same, with the +1s becoming bonus dice instead.
OK, have statted out the Knife Man.
Step into #WDBattleBox?
Dinking around with this.
Should've made it view-only where only Nonagon can edit it, tbh
Hm?
Would be something I'd consider on a case-by-case basis rather than having it as a common option
Don't see much people running about w/ taser swords
Hm, those seem like they'd only do shock damage, no bash/slash
Guess blast knuckles would have a benefit when used in tandem w/ martial arts
sup
That's covered under improvised weapons in the rest of the equipment doc
Sure, Vern
Oh, for 100YW
Brute grows thick, corded vines from wounds. Provides regenerating (once per 3 rounds) layer of armor.
Can sac vines for heft offensive benefits, but lose defensive properties until end of engagement.
Thorns inflict deleterious effect to melee attackers.
Mid-level Brawn-up from vines working in tandem w/ musculature.
That'd be the 'sac vines' effect, I think.
Mid-range grapple that inflicts slash/pierce
Autograpples, leaves cape free to do other things.
Lol, are you using the PHB?
Any rules stuff you think needs some attention, Thal, Non?
Feel free to edit. More weapon categories or example weapons would be cool too
"[12:58:18] <Antioch> Should've made it view-only where only Nonagon can edit it, tbh" Hmm? Why can I edit it?
Because your input re: mechanics is the most valuable
it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes
Hey, Non, how do you feel about Gungnir starting shit right after getting out of jail?
Ampersand will debrief you.
!addquote 14:30 <Nonagon> wow. what made him distrust me so much. [flashback to throwing him in jail] Oh yeah.
I ship Schuyler with a justly deserved death.
I wonder how Hoagie feels about the meek and their inheritances
Cody is a literal murderer.
I wonder how she'd get along with Hoagie.
Maybe they'd have good fun clobbering wrongdoers.
Hey, Non, would you be up for a Nachzehrer session sometime during this week or the next? Sorry about the hiatus.
Sounds good. Would Wednesday or Thursday be better for you?
OK! Just get in touch with me. Any time Wednesday is pretty good for me, honestly.
Was good character development for him. Second favor, and now he's lost hard-earned standing with the Protectorate, a chip on his shoulder from the guys who made him shoot himself in the foot.
You did make that remark, but he's head of Denver right now.
He provides citywide infrastructure that's essentially a refinement of Mortal Lock's process, so it's tough to let him go.
Backdraft is the co-leader, that being said.
Point-blank aerokinetic for mobility and durability, can increase O2 concentration in nearby atmosphere, with lighters on costume to create controlled oxygen fires.
Villains and Beholder, Conquistador uncooperative/insubordinate.
Mostly used for rocketry and explosives.
Ah, I genned that character the first day I was down in Orlando and it slipped my mind until just now. I'll work on it today.
I can fix these things, if necessary
Hmm... two or three hours from now?
Didn't get much sleep last night, trying to recover atm
Mnngh
Hey, Nick, do you mind rescheduling sometime later this week?
I'm running a helluva fever / puking my guts out, at the moment.
Hands and face super numb.
Mebbe. I'd be hard pressed to drive there by myself, what with the muscle pains and fatigue that come part and parcel with this.
Seems to be a stomach bug.
Heh, my girlfriend is in the same dilemma right now, otherwise we'd be at the doctor.
We've been fighting over who gets to puke in the bathroom for the past bit.
No prob. It's getting better, I think. The worst of it passed yesterday, and I thought I had a false start this morning.
I dunno. I think it's something I picked up eating lunch with the GF's family, since they're all getting devastated simultaneously as well.
Lol, I'm not gonna infect Saff & co. Think I'm mostly out of the woods, at this point. Just need more ginger ale, cold showers, and naps.
!search bioterror
<Saff> Anti I think that's using yourself as a bio weapon <Antioch> I've always wanted to do that <Antioch> Using myself as a vector of bioterrorism, just sneeze like a motherfucker in a crowded international airport on christmas day (at line 421)
Good question, Cogo. I'd forgotten.
Depending on how I feel when Teller gets on, I suppose.
All this fever and cramps and chills could help me act in character for recovering from the traces of Coy's venom, hahaha.
Am I wrong cuz I wanna get it on 'til I die
do u remembah
the 21st night of septembah
love was changing the minds of pretendahs
and chasing the clouds awaaaay
Nah, just doped up on medication.
Reimann can be your rat mentor.
I think we have a consensus now, at least
I can come up with another one, if you like, though
Magma-blood comes out of wounds, amping up melee attacks and grapples to Mod Burns. Produced at a higher rate the more wounds the parahuman has. Magma blood hardens into stone, adding armor, and can be puked out as a short-range lava blast.
Just an alternative, if you guys want to weigh your options
Trebuchets! Ballistae!
 ENGLISH: You’ve been struck. It was supposed to be a simple skirmish, and it was. In the end, even with a strong force, a few casualties are the norm. This time you were the casualty. With nothing to dull the pain, you lie awake, the wounds they’ve tried to mend opening again and again, leaving more and more of your blood on the ground. Your comrades
refuse to let you die, and in the pain of it all, you receive your blessing, after hours of agony when you finally feel yourself slipping away from the world.
That's fine, Vern! We're talking about it now
Hammering out concrete mechanics, even!
Well, we're doing it now
I've contributed my piece, I'm done
Hey, Tell, I have a question
How affected is Schuyler by the lingering effects of Coy's venom?
What are the lingering effects like? Sweating, cramps, muscle fatigue, fever?
OK, awesome.
^
lol
Hrm, is Sicol in 6 minutes or 1 hr 6 minutes?
Roger that.
Gird thyself.
o7
Gaebolg is a wichita protectorate cape
Luin is the better spear
I dunno what my favorite cape name is.
Pizzicato or Noblesse Oblige, probably.
Hey, Non. Thought I'd be better, but still a tad out of it after waking up from a nap.
Let's see if this medication kicks in.
Coming off the tail end of some stomach virus or another.
Good luck with that. IIRC, you're generally busy Thurs-Sun?
Hm, let's shoot for Sunday afternoon/evening, then?
Woo!
Blegh, just realized I have some fourier analysis homework due today. Maybe I can ask for an extension.
What's going on in Other, Ruzi?
Neat.
There's a lot of stuff I want to run, but only so much time I have.
Sure
Detroit? Sure, I'm game
Trust that Abigail and Alexander have enough medical expertise to ensure his continued survival, and apologize for not enforcing more stringent testing protocols.
Probably mutter to himself and add more waiver clauses in the employment forms.
Maybe add a strict finger-wagging "Shooting isn't how you make friends!"
Nah, they're good. They've tended to gunshot wounds before, both on Schuyler and injured gangsters.
So nut up and get yourself a prosthetic, son.
Everyone's doing it these days.
The Keepers are the Mecha Army of Sicol Bend.
Maybe one day we'll have Gattai functionality.
They've made stuff for Slither, so it could be doable.
Map is back up to minimal functionality.
Children are little animals.
Cody is a rat, but he's kind of scrawny
This is an old waifu, irid.
Teaching in 45 mins, but can discuss San Raul, ColdGold // Nonagon.
Depends on your plans for it.
She'll be playing a drill Tinker, y'see?
Boring.
Because we haven't genned many Tinkers of a 'combat' methodology.
We haven't made any tinkers that have a heavy emphasis on melee weaponry, AFAIK, barring Reimann.
In recent history, that is.
Combat methodology Tinker triggers haven't been much written, I think.
If we can get Gungnir in on this, the Keepers can become Team Mecha.
We'll need to ask our Tinkers to research into Gattai functionality.
IIRC, they have prior experience with Slither, although she is a Breaker.
Where is the bullet wound, exactly?
Hm. Should have worked on those abs more, huh.
You don't have shit on Grindylow.
One tiny tube that fits snugly into a bullet hole. When he whistles, a tiny missile lazily ejects.
It must do a loop-de-loop before hitting its intended target.
Always a chance of fishtailing, yes.
These are the risks you run.
But then you'd be asking Alex for Tinkertech and not Abby.
Think about her feelings.
You goddamn monster.
You should make the trigger before the power, Foss.
Fair point, Tell. Are you making the character as an NPC for a game, or something else, Foss?
I hope I can get some good mileage out of my rep stuff.
You'd have rep to leverage from your subordinates and some territory, as well as negative rep to leverage against the PRT for killing one of your subordinates, spelt.
It could be parlayed into hiring on new capes (though the death of a subordinate would be a mark against), forming villain alliances, or brokering a ceasefire with one of the enemy gangs contesting turf.
I was thinking about Mortal Lock's death, myself
Man, I used to be bad at making powers.
25-30 minute naps are ideal.
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 269)
Whenever the fancy strikes me
I have the full recording of that session, btw
yee
It's a big-ass file, give me a while to upload it
no
this one's just audio
me, scg, cg
Welcome bow, Wildback.
Indomitable isn't as tough, I suspect. If he drinks protein shakes, they'd be flavored.
18:45 <A|Schuyler> "I'd be interested in hearing either," Schuyler says, shrugging slightly. "Depending on your goals, I'd be willing to provide the Keepers' resources and assistance." ||
If you were hired on as a full member of the Keepers, I'd probably start your salary at 70K annual. You could negotiate a signing bonus. 
I dunno, you'd have to ask her.
How much Abby gets paid is "until Schuyler's bank account cuts her off for hitting the withdrawal limit".
What's your current costume like?
Does using your Changer form mess it up?
Hm, that looks like 3 points to me.
It's a give and take sort of thing, I feel. If he gets armor, he loses Ath.
I'd have to run it through AnyDice to see if it was worth getting.
Ah, skin had a bonus point involved, I forgot.
I hope we get to see more of Nordmann.
:(
He probably can't vanish Leviathan, so an errant claw swipe would do him in.
I do have wounds tables memorized, but I didn't bring a 1d4.
You told me to only bring d6s
You wanted a large quantity of dice, not a large variety
It has its hours of activity.
Presumably. I'm not in there.
Tell and Nona are the only regulars here that I can't envision having corporeal forms.
Not in like, a disparaging way, just that I don't have enough to go off of, I suppose.
If I had to be a cryptid, I'd be Mothman.
Indeed! I've seen it before!
Not even Deep-Six is immune to Horn Lord's yodeling.
That's his weakness.
Michael's shitty band will save Sicol Bend.
Air guitar functionality?
As dope as it would be to see Deep-Six beaten by the power of rock and roll, I do think that acoustics is a viable vector of attack in dealing with him.
I suppose, Cogo.
I guess he can deafen himself at will, since there's clearly a passive and active component to his power.
I was imagining it as a terrible 'skree', so the yodeling feels like an improvement.
We have the generalities of his power, but not the specifics.
I've been sick for the past while
Still a little uncertain by what you meant by subcategory, even with your clarification
Do you mean... "Alexandria Package"?
Kind of hard to do those when half the docs aren't done, lad
Think it's pretty reasonable for everyone to have treated it as the secondary power category
Given that the error is unilateral I suggest you roll with it
What brought up the topic, tubes?
What type?
Yeah.
Huh. Interestin'.
I have a few settings I'm sitting on. Makes my skin itch.
Don't make the mistake of getting excited and running multiple campaigns at once.
Afternoon, Tell.
Are you available for some Sicol discussion?
\o/
I think it'd be worth bringing him in to the mod channel when he returns, just to make sure he read the rules and saw the whole off-topic thing at the top of the channel.
Also, I've never heard the term 'chach' before
Does it rhyme with 'hatch' or 'scotch'?
I like where moderate bash is right now.
I think that moderate pierce got nerfed a little too hard, but I can see where others would disagree with me on that.
Linking something in game design, one sec.
A hollow arrow, containing a single bee.
Swords follow the rules.
And they're stylish!
Swords can be pretty darn lethal, with the right skillset.
If you want to run a combat simulation, Thal, I'm available.
I'll probably do someone other than knife man, to keep things fresh.
Knife man is hot garbage against people with two-plus layers of armor.
I might do, uh... kung-fu dude.
Luck time!
Looks like you'll never be able to read the Bible now, you scum.
Latin screaming vines?
The vines scream bible verses, because he can't read them for his own damn self?
Did Mishie burn down a holy forest that recited Vulgate script?
Oh, one of the defunct NPCs in my campaign had that.
Non has a lot of good quotes.
I think "good first impression" ability could be neatly added to an Empathy specialization once the skill is reworked, Nonagon.
There could be a more one-on-one social skill, mebbe. Sometimes I feel presentation is a smidgen narrow
Rapport?
Yeah.
It's partially complete. I'd estimate that I'd have it to you by tomorrow around this time -- taking a pause, for the moment, as today is largely focused on grading.
I'd be interested to see the census results for Grantsville and Sicol Bend when you're done, Teller.
This is what I'm talking about, Mega.
@ Mishie: I have updated the Census doc with an additional column, 'Power Type' that does what you originally intended.
Fall/Winter of 2014?
Woo, Power Types of Cleveland PCs updated. Pretty darn impressed that the Detail Generator already supports pretty much all of them.
I just ballparked 'em
I dunno if there's a solid ratio, Words, but there's like... one Ballistic-tier cape per... state, was it?
That might help narrow it down.
Nov. 2-3 1999
Had a discussion w/ Pink the other day re: average power level of PC capes in WD, added a column to the Census to mull it over.
Subjective, mind you, but most powers in my campaign felt like they fell above the 50th percentile mark.
Good in what context?
I'm thinking 'fun to play', but I dunno about you.
Redcap's is an example of a bad power, in this scenario?
I agree. There was too much variance.
I made the best of what I got, but it was very hard to plan sessions around.
Coldhand and AQ had good powers, IMO.
Wink's power had decision making to an extent, but it was largely relegated to out-of-combat resource management.
In combat, Wink is just a guy with a blaster power that can debuff Wits and Ath, with massive bonuses to Wits and Ath for himself.
Versus Coldhand, another blaster, who has to weigh between firing off icicles, generating a debuff shaker effect, or accumulating ice armor pips.
The decisions there are just "do I use my spicy stats to gun down this fucker" weight against "do I use my spicy buffs to make my mooks harder to kill", I think.
It's a good decision, but there should be more to make, when it comes to leveraging the power creatively.
I feel like that power just doesn't leave its user a lot of opportunities to use it in cool, innovative ways.
Whereas, let's say, Coldgold's Artful Dodger has a lot of options at his disposal.
Erect barriers as a defense against gunfire, provide mobility to his allies or himself, leverage the environment creatively, launch his enemies or projectiles, etc.
Yeah, agreed, Pink.
Nah. I can spoil it now, if you want, since you're an NPC now.
The person he was draining had to die while being drained.
AQ is a good Brute, because her brutishness is tied to other decisions she has to make (do I partake in aerial combat? do I crashland?).
I'm hoping I can GM Nachzehrer as a fun Brute. The intent is for her options to unfold as she engages in combat with a cape, as her power proffers options that could be countermeasures, while player considers how to leverage them.
I dunno how it works / will work in execution, but that's the hope.
Hmm... trying to think of 'pure' Brutes.
Cuttlefish is sort of like that. Can grab, can shore up armor, can (inaccurately) toss rubble... Changer/Brute though.
Epidermis's Brute options are more tied into his Breaker state... "how long do I want to stay invincible, knowing that it'll fuck me up in the aftermath?"
The Bloodvine Brute I made for Dromuthra in Vern's 100YW is a good illustration of how I try to approach Brute design.
Linebacker Brute!
That's the hope, but yeah. It's the Trump aspect that would offer options, rather than the Brute aspect.
Hmm... what about soulpelt's Tyr, in Dallas.
Pure Brute with the option of shunting stats between Brawn and Guts, I don't recall what else.
I'll agree that being hard to kill does inherently open up more options.
Just as being really buff inherently opens up more options to leverage a generic environment.
Hurl rubble, tip a car over, etc...
I think I'd have to heavily rework Suleiman if I or another GM wanted to legacy him.
Hard 'taunting' Master-type effects are not super fun, and the way he deals and receives damage doesn't mesh too well with the current wounds system.
I saw it, pelt.
I do try to describe the environment as best as possible. I think I did that in CoGo's most recent session.
I dunno, Pelt. It seems much easier to build a "tattoo" themed Brute from the ground up.
Thanks, Tell.
As a rule, two melee skills can apply to one melee attack.
Blitz only kick in conditionally, however, as I'm sure you're aware.
For someone heavily invested into Brawn and Dex, a Brawl/Crit Swordsman build sounds pretty potent.
A sword already does a bonus wound on the first strike, two. Pair that up with Crit and you have the opportunity to aim for a one-round knockout.
*too
You could actually still one-round them. Busted bottle could have serrated property, so pair that with crit and that's auto-inflict bleed and stagger.
Tie that into Crit spec. Executioner.
^
I think that improvised weapons should be toned down a bit in tandem with the Crit skill, yeah.
There are some work-arounds, e.g. the fact that a broken bottle won't be able to break armor under most circumstances.
But I do think that Critical is a skill with a few exploits right now.
Esp. with improvised weapons or knives with the vicious quality.
But this is essentially the same method I used with Knife Man. The difference is that Glass Hobo auto-crits, whereas Knife Man merely auto-confirms.
Nothing from since you logged out, but a minor commentary on Crit after you said 'toodles'.
Quick bus. See ya.
If Thal is available, I can playtest against her. I was going to try Wrestling Heel or Kung-Fu Dude against her Sword Gal.
Sure thing. I'm available most of today.
I have Knife Man, Wrestling Heel, and Kung-Fu Dude at your disposal, and I can give Mishie's Glass Hobo a spin.
I'm happy to see the combat system broadening out to where a lot of combat archetypes are being considered.
Hm, I can see what you mean by that.
I don't know how an elegant gradient could be implemented in design.
I like to hope that characters with powers will be less pigeonholed when it comes to combat, strictly because each power is unique and facilitates a specific brand of combat, but I don't know if that's going to be the case in practice the majority of the time.
Any preference as to who you want to fight?
#WDBattleBox then.
Thanks, Thal.
I'd be up to playtest capes / NPCs later, but my comp is running out of power.
o/
Census or database?
Hemokinetic Trump that duplicates powers while retaining a "blood" element and "blaster" vector.
Social Thinker that forces cooperation after prolonged exposure.
Master that creates a variety of drones capable of performing various tasks and creating various trinkets/objects.
Sure. Cleaning the shower at the moment.
#worm
It's linked in the readme doc in the channel topic.
You had a portion of one after that, one sec...
There it is.
Urgh. Really hope I get the Cleveland ball rolling again.
The past means nothing. Monthly session throughput is the only metric that matters! 
I'll be finishing it up after I come back from lunch.
Hey Non. I'll be ready for you in about an hour.
I'm trying to think of descriptive one-sentence blurbs for campaigns, to see what the driving force behind the narrative at the start of various campaigns is.
e.g.
Lausanne: Many capes flock to a city in the hopes of competing for or acquiring Tinkertech armor with what seems to be few strings attacked.
Sure.
Oakland: A powerful itinerant-turned-native cape, Poe, keeping the city in order and actively striving to improve it, vanishes suddenly.
Grantsville: A city with a drastically above-average Case 53 population comes under closer scrutiny.
Sicol Bend: After controlling the city's crime for six years, a powerful Striker abdicates his position without warning.
Cleveland: The town's Protectorate leader dies when helping another city, with multiple organizations take opportunities while the heroes falter.
Trying to figure out options for starting points for campaign, to be directed towards newer GMs.
I'd like to hear your thoughts on those, Tell.
But I do agree that a disruption of the status quo seems to be a common starting point for a lot of campaigns.
Hey, Tell, I think the blurb for Sicol 47 is the same as Sicol 43.
Supervillain boarding school sounds like a fun idea to revisit.
Yeah, I have.
Not simultaneously, though.
What do you mean by 'easier', Cup?
Yeah, me and Thal fight each other with no DM all the time.
For playtesting.
Uhh...
Different beasts, imo.
I'd say WD takes less effort from me, though.
What's not inspiring confidence?
7:00 PM <Antioch|GM> Uhh...
That's just the sound I make when I'm thinking, Cup
Sure, that's fair
Less of it now, especially as the rules get fleshed out
Depends on
Yeah.
What Pink said.
Are you looking into GM a game, cup?
* GMing
Got it.
Hm, the Tower.
Teruzi's other campaign.
The release dates match up (approximately).
It was the first one that came to mind.
Essentially, yes.
Lol. How tacky.
It's in the works for coming back, I think, Pink.
!search superstitions
Oh
Lol, missed it
I can remember a few bad ones on Nach's part.
Versus Full Throttle, some social stuff with subordinates and Loup, that one time the DMH mooks shot her, missing the gunmen in Zoup and across the street
Itinerant group of capes under Alexandria's command that travel the US to deal with potential HOSV situations, burgeoning S-classes, or other problems.
TBF, most competent people don't tend to make their careers as a low-level street dealer
What's a 4'6" girl going to do to him? Suck him off?
Isn't Surfer -- Surfer can't teleport.
!search ghost stab
!search ghost
Me neither. I kind of want to search logs for it now, but I also don't want to ruin the mystery.
 Wrapping up 16.
Pretty accurate.
Mhm.
Have been mulling on facets of campaign building lately.
Just in terms of setup, design, DM-friendliness.
Mentioned it a little bit yesterday, as I was talking about the driving force behind a certain campaign, starting off.
I got that PM too, but I checked and it isn't.
Probably.
Talked with Teller about how a lot of campaigns start off with situations where the status quo takes a sudden shift.
Also been thinking about campaign settings, particularly in smaller/fictional cities.
Doormaker delivers groceries straight to your fridge
Vial tab
What was the power?
Heya, Tell.
Ahh. That's unfortunate.
Hey, Non, can you get Myrddin's autograph for me?
What if I do you a real solid.
That's rough.
Are you gonna lecture me for killing Thousand Hands when we have our meeting?
What cape names should I give to Alex and Abby?
Mr. Mitten
Nah. Not really their wheelhouse
Alex's cape name can be "Help My Capes Are" and Abby's can be "Holding Me Hostage"
Torturing people or inflicting harm on yourself with the intent to make them/yourself trigger doesn't work most of the time, IIRC.
Case 33 is notable for being an exception to that, I think.
Where'd you get that from, Thal?
33 is Dark Society.
"In all but one incident, #5, victims were kidnapped or cornered at an isolated location (in three incidents, #3, #7 and #8, within their own homes).  Excepting incident #3, they were subjected to horrific situations and consequently triggered.  This occurred despite conventional wisdom suggesting trigger events cannot be forced."
Yeah
No
I was mulling over campaign design today and yesterday, and I'm probably not going to resurrect Vancouver.
Too big of a city, but I'd salvage workable plot points and NPCs where I could.
Was considering something like a WD Youngstown, where the catalyst for the campaign start would be a mass breakout at a jail.
I'm between that and WD East Fayette
Which would be the setting with Immolator and the Dyson Street Drips.
Huh, that'd be interesting. Would they progress to a larger-scale, higher-stakes campaign?
Or would it be a 'you win' scenario?
I'd consider legacying Havoc as the person who incited the jailbreak in WD Youngstown.
But this is all conjecture / thoughts for the future
OK, sure.
Agreed, but I don't think I'm up to the task of GMing such a big city.
Cleveland's like, half the size of Vancouver, dude
As it stands right now, I'm mulling over a setting that hinges on a lower-scale cape prison for the capes from nearby cities who've picked up one or two strikes, not really lifers or Birdcage-bound
Which then serves as the site of some breakout engineered by mercenaries or malcontents.
Is just conjecture, though.
You and CG's one-shot was in the setting I'd probably end up calling East Fayette.
Youngstown would be the jailbreak one, but there's not really a huge barrier in my merging the two, given that they're fictional cities.
I think some people have done Birdcage one-shots, but no full-on campaigns.
I imagine it would be rather tricky.
I do want to avoid the pitfall of mega time compression that I ran into in Cleveland
Where one arc = one day
One arc = one week would be more comfortable.l
Not really soon, but the conclusion is in sight
Either the city gets HOSVed or it doesn't, and some remaining loose ends and grudges get tied up
The city is brought back to some equilibrium
Which reminds me, I should try and schedule a session with Bow on a non-writing day.
Twig writing days, that is
The M/W/F as per the topic
Nah, there's stuff I need to get to first in the chronology before that can happen.
Wasn't Dragon that was instrumental in Armsmaster's turn to heroism.
Was his humbling defeat at the hands of Leviathan, and the resultant fallout, IIRC.
Give me a ping when you're done GMing, Cogo, I've got a question for you later.
#wiki is for the technical aspects of implementing the new wiki (debian, hhvm, mediawiki)
Once it's up and functional (within a week or less, I think) then we can make a transition and start bringing in contributors, making the #wikia channel defunct as we turn our focus to an internally-hosted official wiki.
Cobbling together a brief proof-of-concept campaign doc.
How do you mean, Bow?
Hm, like the choice between a lottery, first-come-first-serve, queue, audition, for sign-ups?
Ahh, I see what you mean.
Hm, I do like that.
Go for it.
It'll be a long while yet, Lurks.
Is Wits the dump stat of WD right now?
Thal, would you be up for some combat testing once I'm done with this meeting?
I have one character I'd like to run through a gauntlet.
Thanks.
Ooh.
My interest is piqued.
Good luck with the TV folks, Bow.
Hey, that really helps quantify the power/accuracy/etc perks!
I like it.
I'm interested.
I'd prefer using this rather than the handwavey stuff right now, imo.
I don't think she had friends on the other side, though.
Ah, yes, the Cuttler!
Why should I be looking for a power suit? Bah! I can make my own!
Said after my power suit was ripped through like cheap butter by the crazed Manticore.
Lol, now I want a Matroyshka doll power suit Tinker.
Just five layers, progressively getting smaller, until the guy inside is revealed to be a little gnome.
Sorry, Pink. You caught me just as I was going to bed.
For shame, Hops.
Getting led on by this dragon lady and her cinnamon breath and her tight, shapely rear.
Godspeed, young Hops.
Godspeed.
Pretty much every GM will decline entry into a campaign with a power the applicant makes themselves, in case that wasn't already clear to you.
Just making sure. Your statement seemed very ambiguous.
(To clarify: as you said "making it for any campaign", which seemed to express an intent to play with said character in a campaign in the future.)
The first sentence you said is kind of illegible. I have no idea what you mean.
Oh, so you're making NPCs for a campaign you're making?
Gotcha. You misled me with the "any campaign" thing.
There are "open cape" threads?
News to me.
Nah, I don't want the links.
Hey, Non. Would you say that Dexterity and Guts are the most valuable stats in WD right now?
Knowledge checks are pretty minimal, with Street Smarts being the primary use, but the skills you gain from having a high knowledge are very valuable.
I know I hate playing Know 3 or lower characters.
Brawn is OK but is overshadowed by Dex as an offensive stat, but it does have defensive benefits (raises encumbrance cap to wear more armor).
Withstand is strictly better than Dodge right now, I feel, barring edge cases (e.g. the small Nachzehrer, who wins ties when dodging).
Yep! I'm going to eat lunch and vote but then I'm good to go.
Brawl is a good skill.
I wanted to test Knock Silly, by the way, Thal.
Whenever you're free.
With our combat simulations, I think we could spend some time looking into making some suggestions for a rework of the Finesse skill, by the way.
"[11:24:12] <Antioch> Hey, Non. Would you say that Dexterity and Guts are the most valuable stats in WD right now?" Yes. Dexterity gives you +1/2 attacks/round, and Guts counts as defense for a lot of stuff. If I was rebuilding Nach or Akane or Zulfiqar or some other combat-oriented character, I'd lean heavily on Dex/Guts.
Brawn kinda gives you +1 HP, but only sort of.
Yeah. Dodge is worse in most cases.
Low Ath means you're more likely to fall victim to the environment than leverage it
Would be funny to run into somebody wearing really heavy armor, give them a once-over, and skedaddle.
I could see you rolling it to chase down some loser who's trying to run from you.
Mhm.
Yesterday's session was good, Cogo.
The scuffle with Tom and the Power Threads scene were both very good.
Shame on Hydra. Puttin' the moves on an impressionable young lad like that.
Oh, heya, Tell.
That Hops session yesterday was great fun to read.
Dromuthra and Zene expressed interest, although I don't know about their scheduling.
Aren't you in grad school, Foss?
Oh, hey, WirelessGrapes.
Bow is talking about a newbie one-shot.
Here is a link to the premise.
I'm good all day, so just let me know when you're done with Pueblo.
I'll grab some supper beforehand.
10 of Swords
They paused before the kidnapping because it got late.
What's a good defensive Brute to NPC?
I want to test edge cases for high-defense characters.
I'll take both. I have Coldhand as a regen Brute, but he's not at the top end of that scale.
Posted a doc in #gamedesign
I'd be against it, since I'd need to know the power in its specifics
I'm sure Non wouldn't want you giving away the family secrets
Gee whiz
I think Epiderm isn't too much help when testing, just because he's invulnerable up until he turns into a big ball of scar tissue.
So someone that's less of a mechanical outlier.
Could you send me the power writeups for Paliza and Tyr, Spelt?
Haha, that's true.
I was thinking more along the lines of "Amphetamine Queen with six pips in Evade"
I don't remember his power that well, but it's possible.
I'm mostly using it for combat playtesting.
Looking at the numbers, Swordsman and Tyr had roughly equitable offensive capabilities, but I think that the way the calculations worked out, Tyr's flat stat bonuses should be more heavily weighted.
Is only one test, so I can't say for sure, but it's my gut feeling for now.
Here's some context, The_J.
Ahh, that's a shame.
The prep actions facet of Team Villain sounded like fun.
Oh, awesome, more Hops.
Good luck kidnapping a senator, Hops!
I think any good WD character should try to die, at least a little bit.
Huh. Now that I think about it, I don't think I've died in WD.
Ah, no, wait, I died in Berlin, the first time around.
I was shot to death after flinging cocaine into the eyes of my assailant.
Which campaign would you try in, Thal?
Are we in any campaign together right now?
Pueblo?
Oh, right, yeah. You can't kill me. I'm taking you to the homecoming dance. :|
Yeah, Cody would definitely have been pasted by the Chaldeans with the usual wound rules.
I did kind of have to go all in on them after the racial remarks, because of the Fettered flaw, but I did also write the constraints of the flaw to be pretty harsh on myself.
I'm not sure today is the best day, Tuz. I'm in the lab for a while and need to meet a deadline.
Smash 'em and bash 'em
Hops II: Return of Walloped
Gee, I hope that senator made some bad policy decisions.
Whew! No tazing today.
Walloped~
Was that you? I thought it was Puck's death
That lead to the Walloped nerfs
Ah, gotcha.
I think it's fair. Moderate bash sits at a comfortable place right now, in relation to other wound effects.
Good luck, young Hops.
Protection: DMGTYPE effect remains until costume quality is destroyed.
(Generally by rending effects.)
awwwww man
aeroman pulling some felix swoop shit
Fan the flames, young Hops! Fan the flames!
A Lesser Tender. Small, not much chicken, mostly batter.
Bankrupt's bonuses are absolutely filthy.
Reminds me of Jericho.
But he bashes himself.
It wouldn't be too hard to set up. Wink's 70th-80th percentile in terms of power strength, by my estimates, though, and his power acts through a less conventional vector, so I don't know that there would be any contest, save for people who can hit hard and accurately and finish the fight fast.
Fort Town is what's up, Firlz.
I'm going to blow up your homie.
I'll blow up whoever, really.
I think Pink is talking about my Cody.
He can fly and he has some kind of Type-0 Trump effect, but I don't know the specifics about either.
Figuring out the latter kind of necessitates me facing off against capes, so it's slow going there. :P
Be sure to give Power Threads a ringing endorsement if you make it out of there.
Let me at least cheat on you first.
"Shame on you, young man. Kidnapping a senator."
And some say Bankrupt's kill count grew two sizes that day...
Did you rob Amazon or something
Shoulda robbed em as you left
Feast and famine my lad
I have a hard time playing characters with a rational sense of self preservation.
I think most players have a hallmark of their playstyle that carries through characters.
SOMA is always a Bond villain, but that's the obvious example
Cogo plays characters with something to prove.
Thal plays characters that go all in when someone else raises.
Mega plays characters struggling to stay afloat while pursuing a specific goal or vendetta.
I dunno if I've seen enough of Tell. He plays a very versatile portfolio of characters.
Pink... hm. I dunno that I've seen too much (Galatea and Lensdoc are the first to come to mind) to judge.
The heroic characters I tend to play tend to be very bad at being good people.
e.g. Schuyler, Maniobra.
~ So no-one told you life was gonna be this way ~
~ You're out of coke, you murdered a villain, you're probationarily barred from patrol ~
Man, imagine how pissed Hops is gonna be when his parents up his curfew because of this crazed teen villain "Hops" causing trouble in the streets.
"He looks your age, son! We don't want you running into or learning from people like that!"
Woo! Good sesh, Cogo.
That was good fun to read.
Well, there goes Thunderclap.
Poor kid.
Double March in Aberdeen had heelies I think
Oh, tubes beat me to it
"Slice" of life
If I have the time.
Morning, Bow.
Master-engineered zoo breakout.
For unpowered people, and all the obstacles are deathtraps.
It was done in Baltimore for Bow's Grindmauler character, IIRC.
I don't think the obstacles were Tinkertech, though.
Hops had a good two-parter.
As it ought to be
You could do 15A or 15B or just have the document in two parts
Right after he sneaks off after scuffling with his brother would be the splitoff point, IMO
BITCHIIIIIIIIN'.
Movie. But he is playing a cape called Redline.
How's everyone doing today?
Sorry to hear, Vern.
I'm doing pretty good. Gearing up to teach my Thursday class, and hopefully the adapter brace I'm prototyping gets out of the print shop today so I can take it to the machine shop and cut a compatible notch.
This particular class is Instrumentation and Control Components.
Mhm. Mechanical.
Part of Tinkertech runs off of shard stuff anyways, so it's not hard to believe. I'd be a silly pedant if I wrote off Tinker stuff as sci-fi babblery.
The closest I ever got to that feeling was when tubes's character, Slither, got prosthetic legs in Sicol Bend, and Teller made a post about how high-fidelity the sense of touch the legs had.
Even then, it wasn't really disbelief, just a lot of jealousy that my own IRL tech is far behind.
I enjoy running Tinkers, but I also enjoy making Tinker tables, so I don't think my anecdotes are applicable to many people.
The Suits were going to be in Berlin regardless, so I felt it was a wise move to ensure that any influence they exerted would have to go through me.
Hey, Cogo. I'm going to arrest you for speeding.
I'd ask Swash to do it, but he'd probably get too into it and just street race you.
Is that a flaw, or just a consequence of his rich kid upbringing?
Gungnir might be able to catch you when flying.
Multi-track drifting?!
What makes you think I'm good at playing dicks, Cogo? :|
I suppose I'll be playing someone like that in Ft Town.
Yeah, lol
Have you seen his flaws
Scelesta into Ambitious and Coward
I'm playing Coward as a way to force me into spending two rounds turning the battlefield into a favorable environment using my Shaker sub-power.
Pretty excited to club some suckers into the dirt, though.
Let me know when you want me to kill whatever NPC you've decided to place upon my altar, Mega.
Redline's power is pretty legit.
Gotcha.
"Fun if boring" was the phrasing, I think
Wait, I already linked that one.
It was weird enough, presumably.
Don't talk about your disgusting urges in front of everyone, Turncoat. Keep it shameful and discreet.
The Thinker document sure helped a lot.
I would enjoy making an improvised weapon Thinker, but combat thinkers don't come up too often in triggers.
The last precog was Maniobra, I think.
Who's that, Cogo? I mighta missed that gen
How many triggers are on the sheet? Might write some more today
Yup. Time for some more.
Trigger for vet
Shaker
Skill/Environment Thinker
I'm not seeing any stranger in this, tbh
Natural capability to navigate difficult terrain. Minor pips in Tactics, Acrobatics, and Thinker-specific abilities that allow for 'environment' attacks.
Why can't he keep QM, btw?
Greedy
I think we should do away with the legacy capes notion barring really extreme circumstances, I think
** nix the second I think
Also, don't really like the thought of old players having the option of continuously stockpiling defunct capes to use any at their leisure when a new campaign comes up
Might be worth staying away from master for the time being, unfortunately.
I'm not sure that isolation is the main factor here. It's the fact that he's being forced to endure a hostile environment
You gotta KILL!
KILL!
For skills, yes, but not for stats.
Uh, I think it's BNC, but I don't know off the top of my head
Ping me when the gen is done, I've got some triggers to vet
I haven't done any from there yet, but I think it's harder for me to adapt a trigger than to come up with one from scratch.
Not bad.
Fuck your awareness, Cogo. Crank up the phat beats.
A car like this must have an incredible sound system.
Howdy, Tell
Ozymandias!
The barren wasteland and everything works
Power gen done?
Got some triggers I'd like to vet
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 269)
Any thoughts on the trigger events I posted for consideration?
Sure, what other setting might you have in mind?
Number 4 was intended to be a multi-trigger, where the other guy hits the breaking point after feeling inferior for years and pulls the gun
But it felt a little contrived
Hmm, yeah, I get that.
I can emphasize that in the re-write.
With a ride that sick, she surely had it coming.
Absolutely brutal./
Hmm, OK, so I think 1, 2, 4, and 5 are decent enough to go on the main sheet.
Haven't heard too much of a positive response on 3, but I'm not sure if it ought to be scrapped or if it ought to be retooled in some fashion.
Downsize is lying. Cantus's power is way better.
The mayor doesn't think the Protectorate sucks too much, but it was the platform he was elected on.
And at the time, public opinion of the Protectorate was pretty low (still is, albeit improved), and it was really what sealed the deal.
Cantus is a pretty decent guy.
To note, Dol, staying conscious after a failed KO check only needs a 3 or higher, since the wounds are lesser wounds
That's only because her mouth was full.
Marchesa! That bitch!
Don't you touch her, Redline. I'm taking her down.
Redline, no! Your journey cannot end here...
I grant you my power!
Oh, dang. I wasn't making a hand pun.
It was unintentional.
Do I have any asshole characters to offer their power up to Redline?
Hector is probably my most assholish character
But everyone else is pretty decent, IMO
Ah, yeah, he is.
Hector is Explosivo, yeah.
Evie in San Raul is pretty bitchy.
My Fort Town bomber.
That was Mincemeat, iirc
Pizzicato is one of my favorite cape names.
It's so *apt*.
Pizzicato or Noblesse Oblige are my favorite cape names.
Oh my
Heh. Within the month, ideally
Just need to get a session in with Bow first, though I think he's been pretty busy lately
Redline is still alive, right? Just being manhandled?
Phew
Doubledown can't kill Iron Will
I wouldn't mind running Immolator or Anansi
Iron Will dies unless he flees, though Deep Six might die later, maybe.
I dunno about Deep Six's specifics
Wolfman's got nards.
G'day, g'leaf
The GM to player ratio here, is like many other RPG communities, pretty skewed.
My advice is to stick around and keep an ear to the ground, and get yourself comfortable in the community by participating in power gens, one-shots, and general discussion in the meantime.
There are also a lot of campaign logs for you to read, to give you an idea of what's likely to happen.
Hey Megs.
Yeah, give me a second.
Here you go, Mega.
Yeah, we wrapped up pretty quickly after you left. Tomorrow should finish up the session as a whole, and I think we're left with Bow's session and (finally) your reaction to the lake suddenly turning rather red.
Possibly. My logkeeping has been less than stellar lately, IRCcloud has made me complacent.
Ohh, that's right.
Man, this is going to be humorous.
I can PM you the results of the science team's sample really quick, since I remembered that you didn't ask Critical for any help, so it shouldn't affect Bow's session.
You did not, and no.
> posts a public link in chat
> "no! you can't read it until i say so!"
smh
I'll wait a while for some more folks to get on for a consensus before I add them.
Should bring the trigger doc back up to 71.
Just a me thing. I can add them myself outright but I want to make sure they're good first.
I was aiming for a combat Tinker for the first, where it's more about the impending escalation over a long bullying campaign than the accrued stress of the campaign
The second one, I dunno. It just came out the way it did. I have no idea what kind of power it'd trend towards.
Afternoon, Tell.
Pretty solid. The research deadline is no longer a concern and my prototype will enter the patenting phase by the end of next week.
Thanks!
Also, should be able to bump the trigger doc back above 70 today. Have a few more drafts to share, after I stop by the machine shop.
Thank you, Drom!
And nice. I'll check those modifications soon.
Drafting some more triggers to bump up the trigger doc back to a happy number.
"We don't have traumas, just happy little trigger events."
M'kay, took some time and went through the trigger suggestion tab of the public trigger sheet. I added four that had a lot of votes behind them (70-73).
I'll go through the list in more detail and add my votes to some others in a few.
By the way, Bow, I know it's been a long time since the last session and you've had a pretty busy time of it as of late, but would you be up for a session sometime within the span of a month?
Whoops, just realized I shouldn't have asked on a writing day. My bad.
Good luck, Cogo. Is Osmose up to bat?
Well, I'm sure he didn't wasn't using it for anything important.
Hmm... I wonder if 'Nouveau Riche' would be a good cape name. It sounds kind of Elite-y.
Hmm.
Very on the fence about this trigger, but here it is for your review:
Would be interested in CG|Osmose's opinion on this, in particular
It's one of those triggers that needs a player with certain knowledge, yeah. That was one of my concerns, but I'd also be OK with a player rolling it and saying "I don't think I have the right background to play this type of character, could I reroll?", I think.
This, I think, is less a matter of comfort and more a matter of the player not having the requisite knowledge.
Like, if someone rolled this up and told me they'd never listened to rap or hip-hop except superficially, I'd say, "yeah, I get you, you might not be able to play this kind of character with the background you have, that's fine," you know?
Is he wrong if he wants to get it on 'til he dies?
My San Raul character is great, dude
She's the literal worst
I'll kick his weak ass into the ocean
But yeah, do you think the trigger is workable? Any tweaks or modifications before I add it?
Here you go, Words.
Ooh, Tell is here. Would like to hear your thoughts on the trigger, Tell.
I can agree that it isn't the most succinct phrasing, Words, but I hemmed and hawed about what to put there for a little bit and couldn't figure it out
I'll give it some thought.
Heh, sure.
I agree, Tell.
Hmm, bearing that in mind, I suppose I can narrow that down a little. Rather than put this on the list, I'll keep it in reserve.
If any GMs are running a campaign that necessitates a draft and would find that trigger appealing to run, then they can put it up for auction.
Here are two additional triggers for vet, in that case:
Looks like Ace had a little accident.
Do you feel better now, Ace?
Let me just slip these triggers to be vetted back in here...
I tried to slip in a type ten Trump trigger into the mix yesterday, but it wasn't too well received. :p
Couldn't escape gender specificity on that one.
The stuff that happened to Taylor sure wouldn't have happened to a guy, as a sort of comparison
It ain't easy bein' Gregsy
I think Skyshatter is a cool villain name, too.
Fidler triggers after being flattened by an errant hot tub
She can turn into a hot tub and speak hot tub
Sorry, Thal.
Wow, only six months on crutches for a pelvic compound fracture?
How long were you bedridden?
How on earth?
That's slightly horrifying and very impressive.
I was hospitalized for a month and convalescing for a year when I broke my femur, so I'm a little boggled.
Yeah. The fracture was caused by a cyst in the bone.
And also getting slide tackled by soccer cleats.
The perfect storm.
i've written a few based on personal experiences too
Thalia's unused Swiss intended for Minneapolis, that one new guy tubes brought in and Bow made the gross slime changer for him and he freaked out and left forever...
oops
Ahh yeah
Thanks tube
Oh man. Beehive Blaster.
That sounds delightful.
Stomp, send chunk of earth flying into the air, as it nears the target, the chunk detonates, launching shrapnel and sending foes knocked back with a concussive effect?
I'm sorry, Mish! I promise I'll finish the job right this time.
Nah, I haven't had bronchitis this year. Just the stomach flu.
A weapon to surpass Metal Gear
You shoulda come to Orlando with me fam
The trip was so cheap
; o ;
Next year yo
I'll bank roll you with the sick patent money that's about to roll in because I finally finished my goddamn prototype
kill them
cough on them and maybe they'll be more motivated to find out
Heheh, Brimstone Blaster
If you're having medical troubles just roll up in here and shout at Mish
He'll diagnose the fuck outta you
I'm gonna be getting some of that wine ice cream tonight, Saff. Just got off work. Any flavor reccs?
o7
If I manage to snag the latter, I'll save some for ya
Nah. The present came in the mail today, the deed is done.
WD Canberra Hellfuck Quarantine
Yeah, you'd love Unwined, Saff. They do a hella good beef Wellington. Special recipe, nontraditional, with jaeger sauce.
Saint did nothing wrong.
ayyy saff found the chocolate cabernet
Whoa there
Cleveburgh and Pittsland
Can confirm that water got worse
Send me the power writeup?
I can adapt from the Blasters sheet.
Nay, Thal
Artful makes attack results of 1 thru 2 miss.
It's for if you have shit garbage for Athletics.
Take Artful spec, get flowing armor, and you're decently hard to kill by mooks, even fully encumbered.
The Artful Dodge spec is specifically a "i don't want to get shot up by twelve unpowered goons" options, as I understand it.
Only the good ones.
Like KeAndre and Malcolm.
If a character has a name, they generally have skills.
Unnamed goons will not have skills.
If you're a gang leader and you promote a useless fuckhead into a gangster or thug, I'll make a name or let you pick.
E.g. Huey, Andy Shank, Joey Camaro, Tric, Dennis, etc.
All PRT squaddies are named and have skill loadouts that can be trained by the Director's set routines, exceeding Know cap by two pips if they maintain a consistent training schedule...
Etc.
Hmm. Might be a good idea to ask for clarification in Gamedesign.
Also, makes having skills actively worse.
Ah, nvm, only counting the highest die
So would only proc on rolling all twos or lower
Misread your earlier statement
Sure, Meg.
Two arms grapple roll as normal. Every arm after that adds +1 brawn, I think.
Ahh, I gotcha, Non.
That makes sense.
Afternoon, Tell.
What's new with you today?
Ooh. Always glad to see more Cassette.
Every time I see her in Helen's sessions, I'm vindicated that she's not on my team. >:P
Yeah. If I had worked with her, I would have been really limited to how quickly I could move, plans wise.
So not worth. The main boon would have been Cassette's rep.
Lunchador
@ Belaris and Somecrazyguy: Let's schedule a session for the two of you sometime soon.
Talk with me about your hours of availability.
Hey, Firlz, how many Dex pips and Barrage pips does Emplacement have?
The ladies love him, Pink
Withstand.
Skipping patrol, Cassette?
How irresponsible. Ugh.
I don't remember your schedule too well. Thurs-Sat free?
Mr. Johnson-Johnson sounds like the kind of teacher who gets walked all over by his students
Big Boss is missing an eye, Alexandria's missing an eye... it's all coming together now.
Firlz is, I think, the Sidequest McGee of the Weaver Dice community.
Thal is "Ante Up Til You Die", in my books.
I miss Berlin.
It was the only campaign I played a genuinely heroic person in.
Oh hi, Nick. Ping me when you're done with Pueblo and we can wrap up Cleveland for you.
"Everyone and Nonagon"
Why's he special, huh?
Belaris, are you around?
I can help you out with that turnover rate, Mega.
In Fort Town? That's excessive.
I'm in Fort Town, so I can help with the turnover rate by doing stupid shit and dying.
Or, y'know, killing all the other players.
Put Olivebirdy back in so I can kill Erinyes.
Explicitly for that purpose.
I'll blow up Pelter and Director Grady.
Afternoon, Teller.
Could I request a minor function for Cashy, by any chance?
Something like a PM-only $notifyme [USER] that has the bot PM me when they become active in chat (using the same trigger as the $tell function).
Helps me stay in the loop if I'n watching for someone's arrival like a slightly inattentive hawk.
Thank you very much!
Sure. I cannot run you with SCG today, but I can do something else.
I like how shouting "REUS BOYZ" or "A P O C R Y P H A" has become de rigueur when a 1 that triggers the flaw is rolled.
"The thing to do," colloquially
Woo, settin' trends.
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 269)
No, it's a different Explosivo.
LIRA is the atm test bot.
If genning for Lincoln happens to day, let me know and I can help out.
Wink is one of the plumper rats out there.
But his rat posse is getting beaten up by the mangier, hungrier rats.
Less toe-biting and more wandering into the rat-catcher's dinner party, strutting around in front of all the other people in the little town that were invited, and then leaving.
~caitiff and the blackguards~
~we're gonna make you smile~
Thanks so much, Teller!
"Leaks like a leaky boat," huh.
That's a pretty classic Dags-ism.
Be right back, Bel|Dags and Nick|Freddy.
I'm driving for a little bit. Back in twenty-odd minutes.
Cleveland is back, yeah.
I'm still figuring out what to do, Khandhas wise.
Nice and quick draft.
Good job, newbies.
Real shame that villain wasn't chosen. I feel like the preparatory actions for the villains would have shed some light on the newer players, their playstyle and mentality, to some extent.
The preparatory action bonus was specifically a stipulation of the villain start in the WD Lincoln document.
Everyone lowballed their bids, huh?
Can't wait to make ColdGold pay through the nose with the Kendrick Lamar trigger.
They were all young-ish kiddo triggers, now that I look at it.
Shall we do it with highest cost first?
Here 'tis for those of you not on the Lincoln doc.
The grasp blasting vector feels more suitable, since they're about to be involuntarily committed.
Tentative writeup: Cape emits a continuous, focused effect, lightning-like in aesthetic, that leaps towards a target and restricts their movement. While affected by this blast, their Wits stat drains at an increasing rate, leaving the victim incapacitated, deprived of their senses (Wits hits zero) and being mentally tormented (Willpower save?). The Blaster
must remain focused while emitting this effect, and cannot avail themselves of defensive skills such as Withstand or Dodge when they are attacked, and upon taking damage, their continuous attack ends.
Oh, darn, Bow was doing one
My bad
Nice, nice
Woo. Warlock next, then?
Here's the paste, just in case.
I wouldn't be opposed to having a more effect-based Striker.
Less by way of damage, more by way of utility, but still mulling over which effect I'd like to see expressed.
More stranger than master, from where I'm standing.
But unwanted attention expressed in part by physical touch, which ended up being one of the breaking points...
I'd like to see a Striker with a touch-based effect that facilitates Stranger-type stuff.
Less assassin-y, more, hm...
Hrm, yeah, I getcha.
And then the remaining monsters would dogpile the freed victim, lol
That's neat.
Pat someone and turn them into a Megaman platform, ride them between buildings.
Whee.
Just big ole gears.
Pastebin that Bow linked
Yeah, this one is gonna be more outright offensive than the previous two
Imbuement, sorta, Irid?
Maybe an effect with a devastating impact, but ruins the imbued object
Though that may be a little too on the nose
Yeah, I'm feeling it
Deep down, he always wanted to be a lion tamer.
A punk lion tamer.
I can see a changer that modifies individual body parts, choosing from a List A or List B aesthetic.
Mix and match, cobble together. 
Set bonuses for all List A or List B, in the Tinker-lite aesthetic that was shown in the Cocoon twins.
Acid mucus and marble
Steam?
Skewers or smoke gets my vote
Makes sense, what with your being a junior hero in Lodestar.
Maybe you have some cachet with the higher-ups, more than a usual newcomer would have?
Renovamen is pretty strong, but feels off for a one-shot
Tough Mofo is damn good
Ooh, that's a good opportunity to test out the Puissance mechanic 
Generally, when Tinkers are genned, the GM or the genners make a starting list of builds / loadout, with the opportunity for the player to research more down the line, either by spending time in the lab or by scanning parahumans or throwing themselves into conflict
Hrmm, makes sense
Haha, is the bat'leth that deer antlers lookin' weapon?
Yeah, it's Worf's thing! Nice
Horror can't roll dupes at the outset, right?
OK, so chances pretty slim in that case, but still that margin of failure that's pretty devastating if/when it comes up.
Can spend a little bit to reconfig, but that's valuable time / vulnerability being spent.
I do love Horror because there's an element of customization involved, but every combat has the chance to be wildly different.
Glad to see you're already thinking team play, Star.
Rooting for ya.
~ flying away on a wing and a sprayer ~
~ who could it be ~
You -are- a hero team, so nonlethal takedown with a lot of options is a pretty hot selling point.
Woo, exciting.
Or, you know, maybe you should wait for the GM.
I'm pretty excited for Star's character in particular. Good perks, good picks for starting Tinker loadout.
Or if you have a huge boner for double flaws.
They're all on the same team, btw, Mish.
Zane's power is pretty legit, TBH. 
Force lightning that rips peoples senses from them.
No prob, Mish.
She got engaged, Vern
I like the simple drafts where you only bid on the trigger, and that's it
The new ones, essentially
I dunno, Mish, I'm pretty happy with how they go
Eh, it turns into a game of chicken, with the opportunity to form bidding blocs / colluding
Takes the fun out of it for me, personally
I generally have my eye on one particular trigger, anyways
And I'm also really happy getting flaws
So I feel like we're on opposite sides of the spectrum here
If we ever draft against each other, I'll gladly give you that handicap ;)
I think that if I were to do another draft for a major campaign, if I wanted to add another layer of complexity, I would have a second bid for fealty
Is a maybe sort of thing, I'd have to consider it
Giving the bidder an 'in' with a certain organization
I'd still have to mull over the logistics
Nah, Flint was an experiment that panned out poorly
It took a lot of work away from the players and all of it onto me
Still, a lot of stuff that I have to keep track of and the players don't
The writing isn't really even that much of a time sink
Really just the tracking of various factions, logistics, etc.
Having more mechanics nailed down would have helped, but even so, it would still be me managing all of it
Bad idea, unless it could be translated to an actual game with a computer managing actions off of a fully-realized mechanical system of gang management
I'll stick to running something smaller in scope, more comfortable that way
Already have something else in the works, anywho
WD Trailer Park
You'll get trashed by ColdGold
GMing multiplayer PVP sounds like a good way to make yourself sad.
Like, 4+ players. Eurgh.
And then waiting an hour for all 4 to get done with their posts
That's a good idea, Bow.
Dundroma
I was talking about missing Berlin just today, IIRC
Don't play any truly heroic characters atm
 o/
For those of you not in #Gamedesign, the $npc Blaster and $npc Brute functions have been updated.
Hey hey, Thal
Updated $npc Brute and $npc Blaster functions. Mulling over if there's anything else I can do right now, game design wise.
Mebbe stat out rudimentary bows/crossbows, since Blasters are fleshed out and we need weapons for the Imbuement category blasters?
You wanna playtest some ranged weapons for me later?
Man, I remember Bastard Son's Slingshot minion
Horrifying
Give me a list of example bows/crossbows? Compound, recurve, longbow?
Yeah, I'm just getting an idea of the variety of bows out there
And then noting the strengths/weaknesses in terms of actual game effects
Prototype bow stats.
I'll work on crossbows and throwing weapons now.
Meant wound, cam
OK, crossbows done-ish.
Realized there's no need for throwing knives, support already exists in the Knives section of equipment.
Here's bows and crossbows, in their alpha form.
Ping me if you're up for playtesting, ThalAI
Modern crossbows generally have ~175lb. draw weight and 400 grain weight ammo, IIRC
Afternoon, Tell.
I don't think there are any games slated for today, Teller.
I'm good whenever, really.
Except for this upcoming Saturday and Sunday.
; - ;
I've been betrayed already.
None at all
Hey Sniff
@ ThalAI -- I think that pocket sand is intended to be in WD in some form or another.
The Awareness specialization 'Steely Eyed' would imply so.
Your mother would be worried about you spending your allowance on sand, if 1) she were in any state to do so // 2) she was in any state to give you an allowance.
Only the finest-grain pocket sand for Fidler.
All the better to abrade your corneas!
None of that weak-ass, clumping playground shit.
Handcuffs, Tuzi.
Handcuffs.
I thought a torc was a necklace sorta thing.
Like a metal choker
Or gorget
Ace the jeweler to the rescue!
I remember you talking about your apprenticeship in the context of scheduling and session availability a few months ago
Condolences, Ace. Good luck if you aim for it again.
If anyone wants to test out combat NPCs / playtest capes, I'm game.
Goofing around with Tell's combat numbers, prototype bows/crossbows, might give shields a whirl.
Dying flaw was reworked
Hm... what funky Latin word did Bow use for this one
Yeah, don't forget the hero team gets the better starting gear perk
If you're mulling over your options for a potential costume I can link you the equipment doc, Raven
Just for NPC/combat playtesting
And you guys used a different channel
BrokenBrawl, IIRC
I ballparked a round as 5 seconds
2 seems a good deal if you're allotted 30 feet of movement -and- an attack, Mish
Doubt it, Foss. There's a Twig incoming.
Appleseed would have been fun to gen.
It's good for playtesting combat mechanics!
Nah. I'm mostly working with simple powers and unpowered.
Morning, everyone
Y'know, I always forget you're in Europe, Cup
How do you fuck up so hard
Have you been pulling all-nighters? :p
I'm too old and frail for that sort of nonsense.
Desolation~
Devastation~
It's a bit narrow, I feel.
A lot of powers don't end up having any relation to the Manton limit, also.
Ballistic could do anyways, by touching their costume. Let's bring this back into the context of perks and flaws.
Pretty fair viewpoint, considering it's still in development
You kind of have to freeform to fill in the gaps
I like power gen as it is right now, but that's with the caveat that one or two folks with some know-how and experience are present
Bow was talking about finding logs for really good power gens and using them as examples for newer players
Well, some people are
I don't want this to degrade about people bitching about their least favorite tabletop RPG system, though
That doesn't sound too fun to run or bookkeep.
There are some rules for training skills past your knowledge cap, but I can't really see myself enjoying that sort of advancement system.
Re: the bookkeeping involved, as I assume nobody wants to deal with you punching a rack of meat like Rocky in-session.
What games have you been in?
Jeez louise, dude, characters aren't wholly static outside of gaining skill points and EXP
You're participating in a narrative in which your actions have impact
You're pursuing your goals and character motivations, acquiring reputation, territory, underlings, whatever in the process
To a given extent, Non, but I mean, I doubt every session Lumen's in is going to have her wailing on the same mercs in the same general environment
Diversity of challenges is another way to approach that issue
The milestones are there, I'm not really sure what your deal with them is
The whole point is that you're setting goals for yourself as the character
"[13:35:00] <Antioch> To a given extent, Non, but I mean, I doubt every session Lumen's in is going to have her wailing on the same mercs in the same general environment" Yeah, sure, I'm not saying it would. But there's a point where it's like, "okay I use X for A, Y when B, Z when C," and a lot of the thinking gets streamlined.
I got you, Non
You have the same tools to approach a variety of problems, so if you're approaching each issue algorithmically, it tends to play out similarly in execution?
Re: your gang killer example, Zane
Maybe throughout the course of you hunting down the gangsters for vengeance, you took some time training your body to the limits to better defeat those mooks
After the fact, milestone ticks up, +1 Brawn
Gains aren't instant, Zane
Khandhas used them
Then he stopped having time to attend the classes/whatever to maintain those skills and stats and he lost them
Because he was too busy doing cape shit
Does what? Move skill points?
Who trains a skill in real life?
Well, if I suddenly triggered and got laser eyes, I'd probably start sinking a good amount of time into learning how to aim that shit
By building a little target range out in a secluded spot and shooting my eye lasers at it, probably
Which translates to spending money to get the resources to get the target range set up, and the time to spend practicing
Which would probably involve me retraining my Craft (Prosthetics) skill pips into Aim skill pips
Because it'd cut into my research time
Who the fuck capable of crafting bombs would try to punch people
Oh, the Brute who straps bombs to his knuckles?
Nice.
I'd NPC him
Hey, that timing is really important. Sure, there's less latency between you seeing the target and pulling a trigger than you seeing the target and firing beams out of your eyes (hopefully) but dynamic visual acuity is totally a trainable skill
Is it not?
I think we're delving a bit too deep into edge cases
I'm sure the shard would do something to compensate for saccadic eye movement to some extent, but this is a very specific scenario we're talking about
Yeah, so I'm hoping we can go back to the general concept, lol
I'm happy with the advancement system as it is right now, in any case
There's other stuff that I'd like to work on in the interim, stuff that doesn't exist entirely or has bigger, meaner spiders lurking inside
Personally, I think if you're looking forward to mechanical advancement as one of your main reasons of playing, that doesn't really fit in with the design philosophy of the game
Just because a game has mechanics doesn't mean it's not meant to tell a story O_O
I sure don't think 'training off-screen for skills' feels good
The whole mechanical EXP advancement is one of the major contributor to murderhobo parties, imo
Fair enough, Non
Maybe take that analogy into a WD context?
We only have one lawyer character in WD and he's mostly an NPC, I think
If it's a case that his career hinges on, sure
But let's move away from the lawyer analogy?
If you beat up two thugs in an alleyway, probably not impactful enough
If you take out a crack den, and let's say your big brother ODed so it's really personal
And you spent a lot of time sniffing it out and then eliminating it entirely
Hey, yeah, that sounds like a really solid milestone goal
"Doing two milestones halfway is just as good as doing one milestone"
... sounds really unfulfilling
Design / narrative / etc. wise
^
You gotta whole-ass it
But implementing that sort of thing, Zane, doesn't give players a mechanical incentive to pursue the milestone all the way
In Worm?
Heh
Character growth happens outside of mechanics
Intrinsically? No
Not unless you intentionally make it so
CPR is hilariously easy, I wouldn't even call it Medical 1
^
Not the potatoes!
Under Firearms; Pistols ->
Requires training: ranged skills reduced by 2 ranks by default.  Regular practice and devotion of time slots (typically at a range, shooting at bottles) will ameliorate this, with two sessions (max one ‘session’ in a given set of time slots) serving to be enough practice to reduce penalty by 1 with four sessions total canceling it out.  Characters who
come with gun skills will often be considered to be rusty or shaken by prior experience, with exceptions for special cases like PRT squaddies.
The firearms thing?
I'm... pretty ambivalent towards it, but I admit that it's because I'm barely ever going to use a gun in WD.
Mm, fair. I think the 'shard hates you' thing is decent enough.
The only WD character I have that's ever fired a gun is Schuyler, IIRC.
I think you and I have a very different perspective on playing a character, Zane
I do that too, but for some reason mechanics are an obstacle to you?
Hm. I'm trying to participate in a story
Maybe sans the ellipsis next time
I'm OK with some of the mechanics being nonrealistic to make it so that doing boring, tedious shit to min max your character isn't an option
Like if someone was RPing and they said "yo, my character's gonna sink some time at the target range, OK? they want to work on their aim, blow off a little steam, you know?" I'm all for it, it's a cool thing, we don't have to spend too much time working through that stuff, but if they're doing it because they want another pip in Aim, I'll be kinda ticked
That's more a product of it still being WIP, I think
as I said earlier
Hmm, not really
I feel like a lot of scenarios flourished because of opportunities afforded/highlighted by the mechanics at my disposal at the time
I'd put the rep system up there with it, Non
Really excited to see it in action
I'm excited for the opportunities that it affords players, and the incentives that it offers
It provides the chance for meatier social encounters, and players to take more actions that make sense within the context of the unwritten rules
Oh, I think I asked earlier, but don't remember getting a response
What games have you been in, Zane?
And what social powers are you thinking of?
An example PC/NPC might help
I haven't seen many of those lately
No, I mean like an actual WD character
Invictus was a good social Thinker, IMO
And he's the only one I've had any experience with
Uh, I think he said he wasn't talking to you
I'm not sure I'm seeing it, Zane?
I think you might be getting a little defensive here
Want to put the discussion on hold?
Social Thinkers, in specific
I feel really good about Social mechanics in WD, but I think a lot of credit goes to Teller on that front
Since Schuyler is my most social character
I like that rolling good socially gives me more cues to pick up to mold my response
You can use old skills too, Zene
But the +1 and +2 stuff they have (generally the 1st and 4th pip bonuses) don't give flat bonuses to the skill, they give an extra dice, as per the new skills
* die
I don't really think that you can understand a system just from the rulebook
The whole point of the system is to facilitate gameplay, so if you don't see the gameplay, then you're forming your own conclusions
That's why playtesting is a thing in game design
Wow, daily games?
I don't remember ever having that much free time :(
Wow, that's like 30 hours a week, give or take
I don't remember investing 30 hours a week into WD, even in my heyday, Vern/Meg/Bel
Session throughput was just me running 3 at once
Lol, did they rebrand?
RIP to those who died
Anyways, yeah, I think that time spent RPing is free time
Since if I have to meet a research deadline, RP time is usually the first to go
We might be in different boats, though, since I dunno your job
What usually comprises other time?
I don't have free time to read/watch TV with my general schedule, unfortunately
ColdGold is mad, but he isn't stressed
Depends on how old you are, in part
Oh, wo
*wow
You're older than me
I know there are folks who get by on the thing where they take little naps throughout the day, but I dunno about 4 hours a night
I try to aim for 7 these days
I don't think I could handle running off of 4 myself, but I do have some sleep disorders
I think we're talking about CupofCoffee, not Call of Cthulhu
I can help you out, Zene.
PM me if you like.
Zene's character sheet for Lincoln looks awesome. I'm rooting for young Cacophony.
Erm, none that I remember
The Wards are.
Would you be up for a pseudosession (1/4 length-ish) sometime, Thal?
In police records for arson?
!search arson jones
When do you get off work today, Thal? 2-ish hours from now?
We could do it then, or at least half of it if it runs longer than my expectations.
Just a little snippet that leads in to your coming in, since we're in arc 17 right now.
Me and Pink do that for Detroit.
It helps because our schedules don't seem to coincide as much, so we can check for updates and respond on our own time.
He sets little waypoints and the birds fly there, IIRC
I hope he grew up and chose the cape name "A Flock of Seagulls"
Tangentially related.
No Chevalier in there, but canon capes with WD stats and skills.
Right now it's just AQ, Coldy, and Tyr.
I might do some Blasters later now that the Blaster handbook is really shiny.
I could put in Sagittarius and Zhugeliang, maybe Wink (Conduit blaster? Not sure). Doubledown is a little simplistic in mechanical execution, so maybe not him.
Watch out for the Foss who lives in the ShameBox. Don't get too close.
Some weapons are Dex to hit.
Knives are Dex weapons too.
You're so close.
Precision beats power for spears, but I could see Brawn playing a factor in determining armor pierce
Good evening, Mr. Eager Beaver
Were those the "Candela gets up to assorted hijinks" sessions?
I think given the choice with perfect scheduling, I'd prefer IRC both as a GM and a player, because it helps me get more in the zone, but I am a fan of Gdocs as an alternative.
Hmm. I dunno if I would, because I'd want to evoke that sense of tension among all the participants, and it's harder to hold onto that feeling in a more play-by-post format, IMO.
Yeah. In IRC, I think two players would be the limit for me, unless I'm having a really good day.
BRB, driving home.
@ ColdGold -- ping me when you're available, I'd like to schedule an upcoming session for you.
Same with you, Dolyn, though if you could give me two or three feasible times so I can coordinate with Saff?
Every time I GM her I just feel so sad inside.
Oops, yeah. My bad.
Poor Flair's parents
I can do OOG. I have an idea of what most Dept 48 heroes' autographs look like in my head, except for Conquistador, Ripcord, and Forgemaster.
Feral signs in regular pen, with an almost illegible chickenscratch scrawl.
When's a good time, Cogo?
Tomorrow afternoon works for me, Cogo.
Spade is the best NPC in Grantsville.
I think there are a few in Sicol that top him, though.
Ghetto G'sus will survive Golden Morning
So it's not out of the question
Ghetto G-sus is a Cauldron plant who was chosen for a vial based on his capacity to unity communities, making him an ideal leader for a post-GM world
*unify
Lol, no. Just making crackpot theories about Sicol Bend
Mmm, veal. Sounds delish.
Tender, beefy children
Will Freddy ever unlock the Pope Rat upgrade?
Tune in to Cleveland and find out.
Please don't kill ColdGold in real life.
pchooo
pelted by rats
*frenzied chittering*
Cleveland will come to know the Ratcannon
Ooh. Do I smell a prospective GM?
Ooh.
It'd be interested in seeing a lawyer for the PRT working specifically to try and prevent that sort of thing.
Although I imagine their legal clout is moreso devoted to passing legislature?
No prob, Thal
You know how long my usual sessions are
I used to average 20 kb per session back at the start
Now I'd wager it's thrice that
I know the PRT deals in hush money for public triggers and there are laws that allow them to prosecute people who divulge a cape's identity
Yeah, just an example of legislature that the PRT has been known to wield
To provide some context as to what they might be capable of
Randy has a trigger and goes to the public library to figure out what just happened to him
His Tinker power goes ballistic and he rips apart the public computers
The PRT hears about this, rolls up, makes sure nobody took videos of this, offers all witnesses some cash and warn them very sternly about what could happen if they let this info slip
Meanwhile Randy's now in the tender care of the PRT with assurances that his identity will be kept a secret
If they're hurting for capes, there might be insinuations that they won't go through the intense lengths they usually do for their Protectorate capes to keep things under wraps
Etc
And sure, Mish
I dunno the particulars of it off the top of my head, but I might be able to find the logs later tomorrow
I'll let you know when I do
G'night
Morning.
Hey, Mega
Here's some Cleveland you missed yesterday.
Digawatt
!addquote <Turncoat> Hey, what is Fidler's power? <&Teller> The ability to shoulder the responsibility of someone twice her size.
I'm going back and reformatting the earlier Cleveland logs.
Gratifying to see how my writing has improved, in terms of volume/quality.
Session throughput is lower on average, but average wordcount is trending higher and higher.
They can't hold him for that long.
Average words per session has gone up from ~2000 to ~8000 from Arc 1 to Arc 15
Whoops. Forgot to add link sharing.
Should work now.
Mm, more like a ~4000 average to ~8000, looking at it
Whenever you're free
That you know of, Mega.
Burn Notice and Pizzicato are out of town.
I'll be in the lab building things today, Thal, so maybe in... 2.5 hours from now?
I put that together a while ago, Nick
Endbringer alarm system isn't speaker-based.
Pneumatic civil defense sirens.
A little over a quarter-mile radius.
Not very much.
Logs clean up to 2.1b.
Slow going.
You can be charged for conspiracy to commit any kind of crime, IIRc
Conspiracy is one degree less, though, and IDR what misdemeanor (?) public nudity is 
Thanks, Mega. I fixed it
Thanks.
I was kinda meh about it. It still exists, there just aren't links to it.
Might be somewhat longer, Thal. Very groggy today, gonna try and shake it off with a nap.
Pardon the delays, ColdGold and ThalAI. I'll be ready soon.
ThalAI: ready.  ColdGold: starting in WDCleveland2
Redline is a good Thinker
If they lose you can send them to the shadow realm
There's an example in the Thinkers doc, IIRC
Finding weak points in peoples' armor, attacking where it hurts, etc?
Scapegoat is really strong
Check him out in the playtest capes doc
o7
I love elevators as a GM
They put a time limit on coversations
Dogpiling is a legit tactic, Non :P
I'm glad I have enough medical and mechanical knowledge to bullshit tinker babble to a certain extent
nick's final form
Will need to update Schuyler's sheet. Minor change, just dealing with the removal of 'Charlatan', selecting instead flat +1 to Presentation
Still quite peeved that Broadcast never showed for our scheduled mud-wrasslin' competition.
I could have kicked his ass.
Yeah, after you didn't join up with us, I told her to have you killed.
Business is business.
I got you out of jail early and this is how you repay me?
I giveth, I taketh away.
Oh boy!
Time to do some perfectly justifiable violence!
Counter that batter with your own batter.
Man, I can't believe Rebellion.
Looks like it.
I didn't actually intend for Rebellion to take point here.
The dice said otherwise.
Mycelium was a fungal Tinker NPC I made for Vancouver. They grafted self-repairing spongy armor onto themselves that reacted violently when struck with spores of deleterious effects, as well as a dart launcher that could start growing similar stuff parasitically in victims.
Caul is safe from getting peed on. She already used up all her pee on the car.
His goo has a secondary power where the gooped people always roll sixes
Depends on the nature of the Blaster power.
Blaster power fire rate takes precedence over Dex value.
You know, I had Cantus (both power and backstory) written way before Cogo submitted Dodger's charsheet to me. I'm still in awe of how well I was able to incorporate him into the story.
I went nuts when I read Cogo's backstory. The hype was very real.
I feel like these recent sessions are really helping me write the family angst.
What about him?
Cameron's backstory matched up eerily well with OG Cantus
The names were different, but aside from that, there was... barely any contradiction
Man, I still can't believe Rebellion took that conversation
Hrm, minor-to-moderate spoilers
In a way, Thal
What were the odds on that?
I thought it was a sure thing she would boohoo
Thanks for the session, Cogo. Dodger's always a pleasure to run
He feels like a very organic character, you know? The way you write him makes it really easy for me to put myself in his shoes
So I can really see where he's conflicted in this sort of situation
I didn't really expect things to pan out like this
I didn't hold any expectations per se, but this one still caught me by surprise
Cantus remains a complex character that I'm hoping you uncover more of. Getting an idea of his trigger event will really help fill in that picture
Rebellion is also great, and deserves more screentime.
He still really looks up to pre-Protectorate Iron Will (or Death Sentence, as he was then known) and has similar flaws to Horn Lord
Maia sold it to him on Tuesday, Bel.
Between Cameron, Valiant, and Iron Will's backstory (which I think nobody but Mega knows) I was hoping to have some commentary as to why Cleveland's crime is considerably less racialized, but I think the crazy lady killing everything with blood took the forefront
Anyhow, good night!
See you guys tomorrow.
Good luck Tuzi
yo
Morning, saff
Pretty much good whenever. Just need to refresh myself on where we left off and finish up the Blackguards dossier for Coldgold.
This weekend is birthday stuff, so it takes a backseat.
Gotcha. I'll find a good time probably close to after you get back.
Heh
This wouldn't have ever happened if you hadn't broken your arm lol
If you got out unscathed you'd -be- on the way to being public enemy number one
Reviledbow
You take that back, pelt
You monster
Really cool that a lot of things in Cleveland were kicked off by random-rolled wounds
I always point to Jetstream getting shot in the chest as a cool story thing that wouldn't have happened without the mechanics being in place
Frustrating, when I ended up GMing a total of sessions more than the combined sum of the novice GMs' output.
Mr_Catfish's Talinn, set in Estonia
*Tallinn
It's in the Baltic area, IIRC
Thanks for the kind words, Cam. I'm glad to have helped in some way.
tomorrow works
8 is a bit late for me
Would prefer something like 5 or 6, ideally. Will have to leave at 12, since I'm teaching in the morning at 8
Works for me
There's too much unclaimed territory that's going to become really chaotic and I can't patrol it all
So it would really help keep things from degrading too quickly if the Brotherhood reexerted some influence and reclaimed some of the territory they lost
Which is where Slither comes in
I don't really know what to do with Khandhas right now
He's doing a lot of side stuff that doesn't really make any ripples that affect the other PCs, so it's hard to incorporate him into the main narrative
I've been mulling it over, with the NPC thing as a consideration, but that's not completely satisfactory of an option
To use an analogy, the way I feel towards Khandhas is roughly how Leet's shard feels about him, as far as how sessions play out
And I think a lot of fault lies on me as a GM
Because I have a tough time approaching his investigations in RP
Since realistically investigating meticulously is this sort of time consuming thing
I think there are some options, and I would actually like to do a session where his shard more blatantly nudges him towards a more directly conflict-geared mode, but I'm still contemplating the logistics of it
Hrm
I have an idea for general direction. Give me a little bit to figure things out, and I'll aim for a weekend session on the 26th or 3rd, if that's amenable to you
With some discussion between us during the interim, possibly
I think that's a saturday, but otherwise yeah
If sunday is better I can probably do that
Hrm, Sunday might actually be better
At least his dying act made the PRT look really bad
As my initial thought, no
But Bel's actions actually are going to make HPIA stuff very interesting
So I think you're in a good place, faction wise, but Khandhas still has that 'Richard Harey' mindset
I wouldn't mind sprucing up Khandhas's character sheet before this session
Armor and weapons updated, reputation updated, et cetera
Some of your skills probably got caught in the rework
We can talk it out sometime before now and then
You were right the first time. He only got that perk after beating/surviving Auswahlen.
He got the Absorption power perk as a milestone reward for organizing the villain alliance and having them unify against a threat.
Darwin's power and methodologies hinged around maintaining a coterie of Case 53s at his side, Fossil
He died before the timeskip, but would have otherwise probably complicated the formation of the Irregulars in its final stages
I don't recall referring to Weld in my campaign
Still Cleveland, Foss. Non-canon
Huh
Oh, in his shrink session. Gotcha
Fair enough. Hope the timescale isn't too early
That was fun to write, Mega
What was your thought at the time?
He was killed by a Protectorate cape, so he was newsworthy
Blackjack or PRT, Lurks? Re: the rep hit
They took a helluva rep hit
Lost two potential wards, lowered odds for other recruitments
And as Blackjack's abandoned territory attracts more villains, public image deteriorates, city gets bumped up in consideration for HOSV unless something is done
To this date, only Non has truly grasped Lock's schemes
SCG does
Fidler will never be able to be on the same team as Gigawatt due to age difference
She can't graduate the wards before Golden Morning
Oh, there are Wink memes
They caught on a month or so after the fundraiser
It started off as a pic of Wink's mask with the meme font saying "Hello... Friend"
And it devolved into pictures of the mask that were shittily drawn in paint
Captioned "hey my buddy"
And "greetings pal"
et cetera
There's a really good one of the mask with a cowboy hat on top saying "Howdy............ Pardner"
All of the iteration of the memes have ellipses, btw
Back to tidying up Cleveland logs.
Had to step away for a moment, but re: the Wink thing, the people who keep track of him online in terms of general civilians / cape nerds have a general disposition towards him, hmm, sort of like how Overwatch fans think of Reaper
Not a perfect analogy, but it touches on some points that would otherwise need a more detailed explanation
Sort of, but not to the point of caricature
Very, hmm, saturday morning cartoon sort of villain
It's a comfortable place to be, in terms of playing the game by the unwritten rules
some people might joke that he's edgy, or a tryhard, but nobody's really clamoring for the authorities to crack down on him, let alone ship him off to the birdcage
which is... oddly dissonant to how he actually acts
It's relatively new, so I haven't had the chance to put it on there yet
It is commentable, so anyone can add it
It's just been a busy week for me
This 'un
No worries, Minus
Yeah! Feel free to add yourself, Mr_Catfish
Let me know once your writeup is finished and I'll approve it for you
Nahhh
An emetics cape would be way cooler
PUKEBOY
Status: Open works, I think, Mr_Catfish
But don't say it too loud, or Firlz will join your campaign
Yeah, Mr_Catfish is firing up WD Tallinn (capital of Estonia)
He's writing it up on the Campaigns document right now, so hang tight
Is that possible?!
Man, imagine if there was a gameshow like that, though, and it turned out to be a scam
Yeah, I remember that trigger, Tell. Who'd it go to, do you remember?
Hmm... I'll say you should hold onto the former two, but you can retrain whatever pips you have in the latter two.
Just turn Dodge into Evade and Subterfuge into Deception.
Keep as is, IMO
Just did!
You can shuffle around your skill pips hither and yon using the usual retraining rule
You can move one skill pip to another once per (7 - your knowledge) days, IIRC
I don't think so, and memories are hazy, but I'll rule that that's not within the scope of his powers here and now
Haha, just got to cleaning up the 2.5 logs of Bel's first session
!addquote <Bel|Dags> Cat's dead? Gang initiation, nothing to do. Stolen cat? Gang stole it. Missing cat? Joined a gang.
There's a new "Charm" skill, Fir
Check out the updated skill book
Quite a bit of new things
Thought it was just Deception/Charm
?
Negotiation is more about providing a logical/compelling argument, IIRC
Could stack with Deception, in certain cases (e.g. 3-pip bonus) but I wouldn't say they overlap
Might be a typo, those changes are pretty fresh
Yeah. Social rework is still WIP, unfortunately
Otherwise I'd love to have Negotiation for Schuyler
He's very much so more of a one-on-one social character than an address-the-crowd social character
Because a lot of his tactics involve mirroring and personalized/tailored arguments
Same
Feels more smooth now
Aye -- it's got specialties now, though!
I'd probably apply that to you as a whole
More an act of concentration than a physical feat
Artful Dodge procs on nat 1s and 2s
Ignores stat modifiers, but does take into account skills
If you have the 2 pip and then take dive, will get rid of the temporary skill loss, but still needs a refresh
Aye
That's reasonable. They both sound pretty accurate to the character.
A mixup indeed.
OK, logs cleaned up to 3.5.
This is slow work.
Zipperless moved to Louisiana and got really busy with work.
I've seen Warlock, Zene, and Star-Raven around lately.
Warlock less so, but the other two? They've been around.
Was just chatting about Lincoln players.
Foss wanted to coordinate about something?
He seemed to be under the impression that some of the Lincoln players were absent, but I raised the point that you and Z have been around.
Going for any kind of vibe in particular?
Glass / Smoke horror Tinker
There's a strength of reputation in carrying a name that resonates with the power.
It's more impactful, branding-wise.
Given that you hold an emphasis on environmental effects, something along the lines of 'Caltrop' could be OK.
Mr. Runs Fast
Eidolon Junior
Razzle-Dazzle
Yurihwa
유리화
Kind of blatant, but eh
I like the aesthetics
^
That's a good one
Good summary re: shard rapport, Tell.
It's not the size, it's how you maul them.
This guy gets it.
I could see Schuyler of old going for Charm. In his current state, I don't think it'll do him as much good as, say, Deception.
Negotiation would be the skill of choice, on release, I suspect.
Had a dream in which I scheduled some sessions of WD, so I could use a bit of help – do I have any sessions slated for today?
!search soma
Hey Bel|ick, what's your schedule look like today?
When I made Cody, I put all of my negative personality traits into one dude.
Ah, sorry, I do want to continue. Just has been a busy few days recently.
Hrm...
I'll ask SCG when he gets back.
tfw face is made of teeth
tfw: teeth face when
!search zoup
About to teach, CupofCoffee. What's up?
Abstract Brute with Shaker vector/effect
Elements... heat, nerve, light
Rerolling this?
Logs for the gen first
Just to make sure we're not trashing a fresh trigger
But yeah, reroll. We can deal with the paperwork later
Shem's getting me the logs and I'll claim it
what flavor, scrag
Ash/blindness striker with Stranger 'veil' effect
Inflicts blindness on melee attackers / attacked, some other deleterious effects
Checking tables...
Smoke/ash veil is a secondary of the primary power
Burn, but with an emphasis on... permanent damage, of sorts
Destruction of armor, with a touch making it crumble to ash
Which in turns propagates into stat damage
^
That's a good one, Soul
Stat damage from the ash effect (inhaled, flying about) can penalize Wits as well as deny the victim defensive skills on a defending roll if caught unawares
Whereas the touch effect might deny physical stats
I think we're all putting out ideas that are pretty close to the same concept
So it's hard to tell
Pelt's doing a writeup and we can work from there
I think it'd be fine as a baseline moderate burn, destroying the layer of armor that it bypasses. If it deals an actual wound, though, the cape can choose to inflict stat damage (targeting the highest of Brawn, Dex, Ath), reducing it by 1. However, they can also choose to inflict one point of stat damage to themself as an alternative, e.g. spending one Brawn
to penalize their Brawn by two
Ties in the punishment/double blade effect somewhat, while trying to keep it simple
I'm OK with leaving that aside, El. Unarmed attack can attack Dex/2 per round, which should be plenty.
I'm not working on a writeup at the moment.
I like the Fantasy Capes plot hook, Bow.
I wanted to add some plot hooks today but got caught up in lab work.
Having a spectator cape fighting ring that's on the verge of collapse because it's not conflict for real would be a fun one, leading up to and after the fallout.
Done teaching, can help now.
Good job genning today guys.
Sorry I wasn't able to help out more.
You will cowards do not even smoke crack
o/
Long day mostly over. Dinnertime.
Evening all
I fail to see how a shaker would accidentally depopulate a city
Seems counter to shard goals
I'm not a fan of AUs?
I don't think I'm that vehement about it
Not something I'd run, but maybe something I'd play in
The setting is static in scope, you mean, Vern?
I think it's easier for me to GM non-AU stuff, just because the more I GM, the deeper my familiarity/comfort with working within the 'verse goes.
And I think it's neat that there's some sort of extended canon amongst some of the NA campaigns.
I work well when I'm building off an extant framework, so I feel like the opposite is true for me.
Where I struggle is to get the ball rolling, find momentum.
Space Opera Worm
I adapted the luck system for a fantasy game I had once. Turned out well.
I usually GM long-winded high fantasy epics, so WD always feels refreshing to me.
MGS x Worm is probably doable.
Hell, Wormverse Russia is basically that.
Snake Eater makes a lot more sense if Volgin and a lot of the bosses are capes.
G'afternoon, Bow. Let me know when you're ready, or if you need logs from last time.
Hey Mega.
You know, I drew this way back in January, but I just realized that it's particularly relevant to Schuyler's circumstances.
Nah. Tablet.
All good. Re: Ft. Town?
Yeah.
Sure.
Whoops.
Yes?
&
Ah, shame
Had a decent character idea from the trigger
Odds of hitting torso are 50% on unaimed attack, IIRC.
Aim for the tummy!
Rrruuuuiinnnn
aw
Need me to reroll?
I can just reroll luck outright.
(ruin)
ruuuuuuuuuuin
fucking pp34 again
kill me
i wanted ruin mishie
Cancer Gal
Hey Bel, you around?
Yeah. Some developments that can be handled, OOG.
PMing you the details.
GM burnout, Vul? If I feel myself losing steam, I mix things up a little. Add new players, raise the stakes/death toll, or add new story elements.
Remind me to work on the Caitiff doc over this break for Cogo to read.
Preferably sometime after Wednesday after I get all this paperwork knocked out, but I guess I can just post a reminder in the channel where I jot down notes.
Is Lincoln happening this Sunday?
No problem. I'm looking forward to seeing the new folks in action myself.
And heh, yeah, I imagine wrangling four players was a logistical hassle.
Star, Zeen, Lock, and Foss
hahaha what
why does mine say "I AM ETERNAL"
We could make a new one, tho dunno how much use it'd be
It's a break day for me this upcoming Friday, so I'm totally OK with any time, Tell.
Sounds good, Tell.
I like the milestone doc. OOG stuff bookkeeping and summing percentages does feel a little clunky, but I like how the power cards are handled. Glad to have more milestone examples too, civilian or otherwise.
I might write up something myself, on the money side of things.
Ballpark figures I've used over the course of GMing regarding income from heists, fencing, dealing drugs, selling mercenary work, cost for breakout contracts, etc.
Because at the start I was really scratching my head for pricing, how much crime earns, how much street drugs cost here and there, and it might be handy for others.
Hey Mega.
I have some OOG stuff for you to tackle and a mini-session that takes place Dec 11 morning, when your new transfer arrives.
PMing you the details on the former.
The coffers are pretty bare. Shipping off one cape to manage a solo department in need of attention freed up some room and netted some discretionary funding b
*.
Wow, this is very ironic.
The school mascot of East Tech, the high school the fundraiser is being held at, is a golden scarab.
I can't make this stuff up, that's super weird.
Logs from Arc 0 to 4 have been cleaned up.
Tidying up those suckers take a while, if only because I'm rereading and muttering about the quality of my old writing.
Been a year and a half since I started. How time flies.
I feel like I'm a lot more comfortable with writing dialogue now.
To be fair, two of those PCs are basically ticking time bombs.
I say it like it is.
Nah, he's been pretty good in Laus.
We've been too busy trying to fight people who hate us to derail the campaign meaningfully. :P
Yeah. If you could point out where that happens I'd appreciate it.
If there are interested proofreaders I'd be happy to give them comment rights.
haha
true
I'm really happy with Sordina as an NPC, by the way.
He has a lot more tricks in his bag now.
He's truly becoming a force to be reckoned with.
"Gee, this really sounds like a deal with the devil, and I know how those go" – Megafire
"I'll think about it" – Megafire, five seconds later
Coldgold, you mean?
Wind tubes
Not unless you want to get stabbed.
Start or find a university club
Oops, thanks.
Oops.
You can't, for the latter two, but you can type $join #channelname to add [ATM]
12:56 PM <Antioch> Hey, CG, how do you feel about Redline going from a bratty teenager on a power trip to a cold-blooded murderer in the course of a day?
Good, good, distract yourself. Let me take advantage of you.
It did feel a little sudden, but it also nudges the character in an interesting direction
Reposition these briefs, nerd!
I feel like when he comes down off the high of the power trip of using his power, he'll have time to reflect
Gibraltar sauce
Giblets sauce
I can't think of a whole lot of characters that inflict rend damage.
Verminator scales up from lesser to moderate over the course of a fight, Cwn does mod. rends, and... that's all I can think of.
Tsk.
It's no problem. I have his cell number
Had a session for him in the works.
soon Gungnir, too, will have a GG
*GF
Superstition
You have one too
Since you joined Zenith
Schuyler's real waifu is a grisly demise
about Mortal Kombat?
They don't let Gutshot play video games in jail, sadly
Til this sunday? That's OK
He might not have changed his name after he finished
Nah, just a kick. You can rejoin the channel.
Yeah, just /join #parahumans
she
Does anyone remember Firlz's session in Vancouver? I wouldn't mind running PvP one-shots or PvNPC one-shots in that vein from time to time
Got a cape in mind?
Any challengers?
Yarn is your Lincoln cape?
Aww man. All I can think of when you say that is Uncle Ruckus
You can also call out any of my NPCs, Cogo.
With emcee rules, beating Feral is kind of easy. Immobility and ring out are all wincons.
Rules are a little mix-and-match, as are arena hazards.
I'd have to decline that one. Cantus's powers are still intended to be a mystery.
Max Darnell is in the Buff Dads club with Garrick Jeon
Oh, man. Okay
Nah, is currently Coldgold's Spotlight versus a Cleveland NPC, Rebellion.
Might do more later, if'n I ain't sleepy.
Yay, I miss emcee. Feels nice to revisit.
I think he's telling you to bleed into his mouth.
With the amassed crowd, she'd be nutty.
Hmm. I dunno if this is a good matchup for Rebellion or a bad one.
Finally get to showcase his power, though.
Pardon my slow responses, CG. Taking care of scheduling some trip stuff.
Oh, no, it's cool. Just about done with it.
Both Spotlight and Rebellion are dice pool precogs, but they have their own strengths and weaknesses.
Hey, not true. I made Rebellion eight or so months ago. :|
There are Thinkers that can distribute and get bonus skill pips here and there as a temporary measure
Redline does something along those lines, IIRC.
Not this one, but the next, yeah.
Hmm. Any other upcoming days that would work for you, then? I'm booked this Sunday.
Hmm, Saturday is a maybe. If that doesn't work, next Wednesday will do.
Gotcha.
All good. Let's shoot for Saturday and spend some time discussing preliminaries on Friday?
His power works on normals too.
The Dyson Street Drips are a force to be reckoned with.
Whoo, sorry to cut things short. Just got hit by a powerful wave of the sleepies.
Give you some time to speculate on Rebellion's weaknesses. :P
Hmm. My lab tower seems to have shut off. Inconvenient.
It's pronounced "reeee".
Oh, hey, Mega.
What's your schedule look like today?
Cool, I can run a short session for you later today.
Antioch> "Gee, this really sounds like a deal with the devil, and I know how those go" – Megafire <Antioch> "I'll think about it" – Megafire, five seconds later
Hmm. Do I have any characters that are Thinkers?
That's right, Maniobra
Hey, Megafire, you up for a quick sesion?
*session
His call, but ideally
Hi Tuzi.
I'd like to run you in a session or two sometime soon ish.
The 2h6+1 roll was for Findlay to maintain his composure.
He's seen them, and yeah, Firlz
They just haven't met in a formal capacity
Which is why he doesn't have any epithets for Cwn or Giga
Hmm. I think he would end up calling you the Entangled, Firlz.
Wrong on all counts, I'm afraid, though it's to be said that you don't know the extent of their powers
I'll be honest, I don't really remember what other options I presented to you alongside Sirocco. It's probably in PM logs.
Yeah, 'twas Iron Will.
A sirocco is a Mediterranean wind that comes from the Sahara
Ah, that was entertaining
I'm aiming for Saturday myself, but if it falls through, next Wednesday is the fallback.
\o
Fidler and Rat Boy, afaik
Ah, yeah, almost forgot.
Day after Lock died is Thursday, whereas the fundraiser is Saturday. Most people have just wrapped up Thursday, though I jumped ahead to Saturday for Mega to introduce his new subordinate.
I'm up to continue whenever, by the way, Cogo.
Also, Teruzi, when would be a good time for a session for you?
Anyone you want to challenge, Bel?
The main thing about Rebellion is that he can't refresh his pool, unlike Spotlight, and using his thinker power more than once per round makes him roll Guts at an increasing DC against a headache.
The tradeoff is that the dice in his pool are always useful, either to help him out or to sabotage someone else's rolls.
I remember seeing you do that, Bow. Was really curious about the table you used for personalities.
Hey, Tell.
Oh, thanks, Bow! That's really handy.
Spotlight's Breaker power is -filthy-.
That shattered chains perk is pure gold.
Want to pick up your quarter, Bel?
Who'll be your opponent?
Feel free to challenge any NPC or available PC
emcee arena doesn't allow guns unless they're Tinkertech.
Crossbows, bows, swords, baseball bats, crowbars, all fair game.
As are yo-yos and fingernails.
His power is having Dennis in his gang.
Dennis is a monster. He decked two guys and put them down after getting shot in the stomach.
If you fight in the emcee arena, Thalia, make sure to eliminate the Parking Garage battlefield.
Otherwise, it will surely lead to your downfall.
Lilith in the emcee arena would be weird. She'd be pulling from an entirely different set of powers.
Hmm, that would be...
Standard two-shot blood bullet barrage that deals moderate bash, but the projectiles are illusory, visibly depicting a trajectory that they aren't taking.
I'm interested to see how this goes as well, but I think right now my money's on Anansi.
I'm also slightly distracted as I consider how much Lilith's power changes in the emcee pit.
Hmm. That result sends needle-thin blood spikes still originating from her body into the target, inflicting one moderate wound maximum per round, but with each individual spike inflicting the <Hostage> stacking debuff. Each stack is comparable to Regent spending some quality time with a victim, more or less, but with less of the nuances that his power has.
Apex didn't change, she's just in the middle of a very big crowd.
Nahh. Apex executed herself.
:P
Think the walloped temp wound has faded
Or maybe that's next round
I get the feeling that Apex would have been a lot stronger back when skills gave +1 rather than +1 dice.
Yeah. 50 yard radius, IIRC
Oakland, Irid
Yeah, just the gravity effects he's throwing around are already pretty gross.
I felt like I was giving Anansi a pretty strong power when I genned him, but it feels stronger than anticipated.
Might be a case of "go for the dang Master", but the projection is well-equipped to defend on that front
Anyhow, I best get to restin'
See y'all tomorrow
o/
I hope I get more Thinker PCs later down the like. I have a lot of good cape names saved up on that front.
* line
Happy Thanksgiving, everybody.
Dry-brined turkey with a rub of minced green onion, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, white pepper and cloves, brushed with soy sauce, rice wine, then steamed, then brushed with soy sauce, rice wine, and honey, then baked in a roasting pan, with a plum and chutney dressing on the side. 
Cooking for family, JL
Heya, Tuz
Tuzi, would it be possible for you to schedule a session with me sometime within the upcoming week or so?
do you even monolift
Yeah, I loved Law of Ueki
Maybe later tonight? Depends on how long dinner runs.
Welcome to the Parahumans IRC, Anna. Let me know if you have any questions.
Can someone sum up the dispute for me?
Huh. Who genned it?
And what was the corresponding trigger?
Agreed, that it doesn't seem like a power that would be fun to play or GM.
What's Foss's argument?
I agree that the character is beatable, but as a power that's given to a PC (or NPC, honestly), doesn't sound enjoyable to play/run.
I think it's worth dropping the subject and asking Turncoat if he wants to redo the trigger.
1: Is Nonagon here? 2: Is Bow here? 3: Is Anti here?
;)
Sure. It can wait, then?
Heh b
*.
Why'd it come up in the first place?
Ah, I see
I'll see if I can dig up the power gen for that.
Thanks, Non.
I prolly do.
Gotcha. Not a huge deal.
Since I seem to be the dude who's running battleboxes now, I'd probably ask JL to play another cape, since I can't imagine it being a fun fight.
Hey, Mishie did a census for that sort of.
There's a bell curve that trends towards power ratings in the 5 or so range.
I am?
!search dickishly
All of the campaigns I'm super invested in have finished their censuses, anyhow.
I can wash my hands of it.
Clarity's super old.
Like, going on two years, I think.
Nah. Old capes were just a lot more skewed to one end of the scale.
I don't really remember any old capes that were really keepers.
Steve is 37th Strategem
Tactics x Environment Thinker
I'm decently happy with all of my capes.
The old ones were in truncated campaigns, so characters like Caesura and Extirpate didn't really see much play
And I wasn't really thrilled by their powers
Not sure how we got on this track, but I think the moral of this story is that nostalgia is bunk, and powers genned today are better on average.
If they never got a session, Faust might be thinking of something else?
Memnzy was a good narrative device. I dunno if he was a good PC power, though.
That frozen corpse ain't ever leaving LA.
Was that ever confirmed? Thought BT was just trigger-happy
As far as good powers go, I still really like AQ.
My favorite PC has no powers, so it goes.
Yamana is an NPC
Schuyler's my favorite
That's just Ghost Court, as far as I know.
What campaign was it
Ah
o/
What's the haps
Might could run SCG and Bel today, if their schedules coincide.
W/ a solo session down the line for SCG as he's slated for patrol on in-game Saturday.
Patrolling with squad 3, IIRC.
Gonna try and knock out the Blackguards dossier for Cogo before Sunday and see if I can hash things out with Firlz prior to his incoming session.
Nice.
And the best part of waking up~
Is coffee in your cup~
Hey Bel and SCG. When's a good time for your session today?
Say, are tubes and I slated for Sicol in ~1hr from now, or two?
o7
Hey, Tuz, how long do you think you'll be on today?
Can run you after Sicol, two psych appointments that need your attention.
I dunno, is he?
What happened?
I'm ready whenever.
That was a really good note to end things on, I feel.
boohoohoo
Survivor milestone feels like it penalizes risk-taking to an extent.
I wouldn't do it, as a GM, but I'd also award milestones for goals that weren't explicitly stated, if a character did something that was really impactful to their narrative or personal growth.
I look at a goal and I try to ballpark how many sessions it might take to achieve it.
If it's 5+, I generally ask the character to break it down into smaller bits.
Makes sense that the character is going to accrue some general experience over the course of their session-to-session unless they've been really stagnant
But I suppose I'd reserve the right to deny a survivor milestone to a weakling coward bastard
Acting as a stand-in for the displeased shard
tooz
I'm free around 4 hours from now
There you go, Mega
But does she have breadth, Tell? :P
Fir, Bel, Scrag, Tuz. Will be ready for you guys in 45 mins or less. Just getting some clothes tailored, atm.
Why are you taking Star and Warlock's characters, Foss?
Teruzi, you here?
Oh, he's not even on. Damn.
Oh, hey Warlock!
Wait, no, he's on. I forgot he was a half op.
>.<
Bel, Somecrazyguy?
Hop in #WDCleveland3, Firlz
#WDCleveland2 for Bel and SCG.
#WDCleveland for you, Tuzi
o7
They keep tabs on all the capes in town and look into stuff on the behest of other groups
Not long enough to say, really.
Look at Gigawatt's hip new character sheet
Howdy howdy
I'm going to start calling all of Nick's pet rats Verminions.
Bel|Dags, are you dead?
Server rule 6, iirc
That was well done, Tuzi.
Saturday, yeah.
Dinner is involved, but it's more a Wards meet and greet.
You'd be fighting with Sorenson. He's prepping the kid for a public showing from the PR side of things.
Roger that. We can do more at your leisure.
Just ping me whenever you're on and free, really. I wouldn't mind knocking out the Fleet and KB sessions soonish.
I'm gonna go watch Moana in around 30-45 mins, I think.
That's fine. We can pause here and resume on this upcoming Wednesday, since I'm about to go watch a movie.
Works for you?
Tuesday should be fine, with Friday as a fallback.
Not yet. Still working on the Blackguards dossier.
pls no bully 
don't tread on me
Hey SCG. I'm here. Just finished watching a movie.
Hi pantasy. Nice to have you.
Let me know if you have any questions
On my phone right now, but gimme a bit and I will.
Oh, that's just a ping notification.
If I or someone else says your name, it'll be automatically highlighted.
So when you just said Antioch, it was a dark grey message for me.
Or blue, rather, since I'm on a different client.
No problem.
Yup. I'm set to be notified when Cleveland is mentioned.
More or less, Zene. There's also #MotorCity
But that's the only non-WD channel I can think of for a WD game.
Still on my phone.
Changing a car battery.
Still on my phone.
Changing a car battery.
Huh?
There you go, Mega.
Ready when you are, Bow.
Nah, let me link you the summary, OB.
Here you go.
Damn it, Butter Jensen.
You need to teach that dog some manners.
When are you free again?
:(
Darn, OK. That's probably fine.
It's cool.
No tank treads for you though.
Were you playing while driving, Bel?!
>:(
Most days are good, AFAIK. I try not to double book myself except if it's just GMing, so, hmm, I think Monday and Wednesday are best, Mega.
Sure.
You should have gotten the fancy fries, Lock|Cogtag.
16:01 <Megafire> I don't sleep in my office, Bel.
16:01 <Megafire> I don't sleep
Yeah. Tuesday should be fine.
Bit long, I think. S|Chalcedony would work.
Bow's comment about falafel in the food court made me want to make falafel for dinner today.
aw, don't hurt that robot. it's cute.
I can't believe you guys destroyed the little guy before he could squeak out "Interlopers!"
Just a poor little robot.
:'(
Well, depends, Cogo
On what they're making a power for
PC powers are generated by chat, but if you're writing a fanfic or some NPCs or what have you
Hmm, do you know the broad strokes of power / trigger correlations?
That's a good villain name.
The Fuckler.
Fuckler is not as good as Bone Homie, IMO.
Jiangjun is doing well.
Nobody's really checked up on him lately.
The People are doing well.
I'd say they're pretty independent, but I dunno what metric you're going off of.
only in the sense that they can use it as a base of operations.
they're essentially a nonprofit.
What's the sticky bit?
Yep.
I dunno that I'd call a pub quiz relaxing, but you do you
Got em, tubes
Uploading them for you
Uploaded them, tubes
Ra really fell flat for me
o/
I can't think of any good matching names.
Was mulling over Cocoon and Chrysalis, but the latter's taken, IIRC.
Mothman & Mothman
You know what's better than two capes pretending to be one? Beating the shit out of someone with two pairs of fists.
Nonagon: "Yes, it is me, that moth cape, and not her twin."
Me: "Gee, I sure am having fun not doing anything while my twin pretends to be me."
Alternatively --
Nonagon: "Yes, it is me, that moth cape, and not her twin."
Me, in another channel: "Yes, it is me, that moth cape, and not her twin."
ColdGold: "This is annoying. I'd better kill one of them to make this less of a hassle."
'tisn't
Just a worm arc name
On the 3-pip?
Flat +1
Empathy isn't gone yet
But it'll be phased out
Once negotiate/rapport come in
I'll be free after lunch
Ready when you are, Cogo
can't wait for baby kyle to say "i fucking hate this family" in a deep-ass grown man voice
why ur son a shit, non
nah, i don't text irl
barring business stuff
or to harass saff with cryptic emoji-only messages
wow, that cup was in italics.
fucked up tbh
bitch are you calling me fat
Wow, these dummies are better than the average thug.
o7
I strokes to the finich cuz I eats me spinach
This elevator is perfectly safe
I'd run it myself in the same vein as emcee's battlebox, using the existing battlemaps I have for NITRO, but the problem is that driving mechanics aren't very fleshed out right now
Nona's probably fine. Lily's got like fifty bajillion wounds.
In Antioch's voice and not Evie's: "Artisan, your waifu is shit."
knock knock, open up the door
I really enjoyed it.
Haven't really had the opportunity to demolish things that get in my way, as a cape
Why fit when you can be the Kool-Aid Bug?
The lesser shock legs.
Wasn't sure if they were just immune, being dummies
I was imagining like, moth dust
So it makes sense that the dummies might not be affected by it
Tomorrow, methinks.
01:24 <JulesVern> Make Weaver Dice Great Again
Artisan is a decent kid. Too bad I'm ruining his shit.
i broke into his tinker lab and beat up a bunch of his robots
The kid is like, one
o/
Not too much. Typing up the Blackguard dossiers.
Funny that Rice paid $10000 for them when on the very same day Rebellion gave it to Cameron and Freddie for free.
Messing around with PRT Squads 1-3, also.
Yeah, I remember that, insofar as thinking "man, is it really worth it?"
Since they turned it around immediately, selling it to the assholes who went straight trying to snatch Blackjack turf.
Not sure that it was worth the element of instability it added to the situation.
Man, this Blackguards doc is such a pain
Caitiff alone has a long-ass writeup
Hey lysa. Think I missed you the first time, so welcome to Weaverdice.
Oh, thanks! Glad you liked it.
I'd be glad to answer any of your questions.
We're always happy to have more GMs here.
Interesting setup.
What's your setting like?
Somecrazyguy would be a good guy to ask about this. He's done some stuff in Baltimore before, IIRC.
That's a pretty interesting plot hook, especially because Dark Society has a presence in Baltimore.
Let me PM you the Case 33 document.
I'm not sure about the motivation, since I'm not sure if there are any people unaffiliated with Cauldron that are aware of the threat Scion poses, but an independent trying to force triggers is a good catalyst for a dynamic story.
Any other questions you might have, lys?
Good memory, Ace.
I've never tried Gurps, myself, but WD isn't quite as hyperlethal these days.
It generally depends on the trump, honestly. Every power we make here has unique mechanics. I could probably find you some examples, although they're intended to work within the framework of WD, so I'm not sure if it'll help you so much.
"[11:11:14] <Antioch> I've never tried Gurps, myself, but WD isn't quite as hyperlethal these days." When was it more hyperlethal?
Around early to mid summer of 2015, IIRC.
I dunno. Was just a gut feeling. Felt like there were more PCs dying back then, although it could have been the fact that I followed more campaigns.
Headshot, heartshot, crit wallops are gone
No, Foss
That's true, Non.
I haven't had any Dex/2 attacks per round abuser PCs in my campaign, off the top of my head.
Sure, that's a more fair assessment
Not too many folks have Dex 5, so it might be a while.
Mm, how so?
I don't think you can get 5 pips in Finesse without having 5 Dex, off of milestones, but I don't remember the new milestone rules.
Just read it, and it looks like you can, Ace.
Depends on the weapon, but most weapons seem to allow for it.
Thal said up to 7, at minimum, which is kind of misleading
If you're sinking your stats/pts into that build, though, presumably you're going to be kind of stank at everything else
Defensively, parry helps, but there's a whole world of WD outside of combat
Hm, just as a thought exercise, what would Crit look like if you crit not on a nat 6 plus a confirm, but by rolling doubles?
Would necessitate having another skill, for one.
Was an idle thought, borrowing mechanics from Warmachine.
Crit could be you pick the effect rather than bonus ehatever
Just short notes tend to be fine unless they're super important
> implying your incompetence wasn't already revealed
I GMed one session where driving came into play.
Car chase in Vancouver. Was pretty fun, actually. But niche skill.
Yeah. Bow had a thing about job skills or summat but I don't think anything happened there
Mhm. Seems like a lot of work to make 'useless' skills
Yeah. Dunno what skills I'd give to myself from my job right now, though
Hmm... I'm going to make a character sheet for my IRL self
I don't do a lot of hands-on crafting, tbh
Mostly computer simulations and sending the designs in to the machine shop for people that aren't me to make them
But I'm saying that it wouldn't translate so well to the craft skill
Give me a bunch of metal and machinery to cut it into the right shapes, and I'd probably struggle in making a serviceable prosthetic
Did a mini char sheet for myself to see how job skills might be handled
1 pip each in Comp, Craft, MA, Medical, four pips left over in random crap that's probably campaign irrelevant (cooking, piano).
; - ;
my morale has been penalized for the day
non i didn't know you were fucking ripped
i thought you were like, an incorporeal internet spirit
Does raise an interesting question as to where Know 4 generally sits
Is it a "you're in college" thing?
That's fair. I know some 2-know dingdongs in this class I have to teach.
At least one of my useless skill pips is going towards remembering what every pokemon move does
Sure. Different channel, and no Sun and Moon stuff (not getting the game until Dec 8.)
Sure thing, I'll try to remember
I'm wondering what 1 Wits looks like, and whether I can argue for it
I feel like someone with 1 Wits, most days
Wits 0 is, according to the rulebook:
Cases: Maced/flashbanged individual, severe autistic 
Actions: locate someone in same room, have conversation
Conveniently, actual intelligence is more the purview of the Knowledge stat -- we're talking about Wits right now
Before you increase that stat, Thal, you should probably roll Charm.
Vern, you should tailor your reaction to the result of that roll.
Two extra ws and a tilde. You've struck it rich this time
Probably not wits 1, then. I just get really unaware of my surroundings when I'm working / on my phone, which is more often than not.
!search aware
tfw Thal has 6 know
You can be racist and a hero, Vern.
Nobody's stopping you.
You really missed out on the opportunity to have a nemesis named Haram.
Still waiting for Olive to let me play משיח_בן_יוסף in 1980s WD Jerusalem.
What was it?
That's a pretty good name.
Oh, had a good idea for a skill precog Thinker.
Aww, I was imagining chains that hit other people and then reeled them in, dragging them along the ground towards them
*her
Bring back Walloped
Let people die
Yeah, ready when you are, Megs.
ahh, gotcha
Hmm, we can carry on some other time this week, there's not too much left I don't think
Mmm, think so
Yup. Once you're done, I just need to finish up Cogo, maybe squeak (haha) in another session for Freddy the Rat Boy, then it's trying to get everyone herded together for the fundraiser
Can he even afford the tickets? :P
Night mega, thanks for the session
A good bit.
He'll be there, barring emergencies.
Gotta wrap up this homework o mine.
i'll kick slimeball's ass
i'll maul him
Morning, Dol
Hmm... you know, I don't think we've had a PC that's gone so far that they've been incarcerated in the Birdcage.
Most folks end up just getting killed.
I don't think Explosivo is the guy to buck the trend, honestly.
It's just that it's weird, considering.
Doing the writeup for the Birdcage-bound capes in the Blackguards dossier, and it crossed my mind.
I'm coming up with really bitchin' cape names and wasting them on jackoffs that Caitiff had killed.
There are so many throwaway cape NPCs that will never get but a passing mention in this doc.
Smh.
What about old Demon Joe?
I think Banger and Mash in Detroit should have a sidekick duo called Bubble and Squeak.
Good cape duo names are a blessing
ColdGold, you around?
I'm pretty sure Non is actually the most mathematically competent person in this chat.
No.
No.
That already actually happened to a few of them.
I'd probably be more willing if a) I actually thought this project would get off the ground and b) if I didn't physically wince every time you typed something.
You just have to make a shitton of typos, neglect punctuation, and be generally unintelligible.
"Hey, let's play a one-shot! By the way, we're using calculus-based mechanics."
"It's okay, though, I'll be doing the calculus, so instead of you having to do math, you'll just be sitting there for 40 minutes while I work out exactly how far your car traveled."
There's a better way to do this, and it doesn't involve incorporating unnecessary and complex mechanics into gameplay.
I think you misunderstand -- accuracy isn't the goal here.
There's an example of one in the playtest capes doc, Turn
Do whatever you want, w.r.t. the vehicle one-shot and how you want to handle its mechanics, but let it succeed or fail on its own merits.
Quit asking me to use my NPCs. You don't even know their names or what they do, and in the one instance you mentioned one by name, you got it wrong.
hi sniff
I'm glad a fake cape meme I made is actually somewhat entertaining.
white sort of theater mask. sleepy eyes, big smile. iirc.
He did a portion of it.
Was pretty good, music-wise. Cinematics were really solid, pacing was a little unsteady, but all in all it was a nice movie to watch.
I might do a bit of cross-stitch later.
OK, Saff, I'm gonna go get some lunch and some shots and run a quick errand. Will be ready soon, around 2:00 - 2:15.
!search ghost
It really does
What should I have for lunch?
Paninis sound good.
I think Vern's mechanical implementation for that one-shot would be pretty well-suited, tbh
Just RTD and have him narrate your stupid crazy stunts
You should do fortune cookies, Vern
Yeah, it still exists.
ColdGold, join #WDCleveland2
Saff, join #WDClevelandS
Btw, Saff, are you home rn?
Honestly, Mega, you could sit in on it if you wanted.
Given that you have a camera in her room.
Hmm. Actually, do you want to waste your important Thursday afternoon doing this?
I might kick you and just have surveillance send you relevant info and transcripts later.
Forward it to Freeman as well.
Mendez's
The Fidler sessions are always a good laugh.
Especially the parts where her mom doesn't eat or respond to her.
Man, writing those sessions weighs heavily on my soul.
They abrade me.
I'm surprised Fidler hasn't triggered already.
you should learn how to make the chain mail ones next
Cleveland is Dec 2009
Poor dodger.
pissbee?
pisby?
Yeah. One is secret, though. 
Poor Dodger.
If people are on a team it's not so bad.
"It's relatively easy to die in WD," -- Bankrupt's murderer
Hard times ahead for Dodger.
I love giving my players narratively weighty choices.
Making Saff choose between defecting to the PRT or throwing away the potential to make up for her wrongs.
Poor dodger
caught between a rock and a hard place and getting boned by his shard in the meantime
i'm glad that you're invested enough in the character that this is a painful choice for you
The way you played him, with his convictions, it didn't really seem like there was a clean way out
I feel like it's a genuine crisis of faith, and you're portraying it really well. I hope that he makes it out of this alive, because it's going to be really interesting to see how he reflects on which portions of himself that he's betrayed.
by the way, Thal, I did say that I needed to wait until I had the fundraiser session scheduled, but I think I'd like to run something for you before then as well.
tomorrow or Sunday, either one works for me.
Actually, Cogo...
Cantus's power turned your flaw off for a while.
The one time your power flaw would help dull the guilt of betrayal.
The irony is filthy.
This fight is going to be mentally ruinous.
Man, I can't even plan for this stuff. I never imagined Cantus's power would be relevant like this.
Bless weaverdice for letting that happen.
Nah, they're both power flaws.
He has Burnscar and Accord flaws.
You'll see. And I'll probably be flexing it for you, if you make it out of this.
Here're the logs, Mega.
Hmm, 3 more hours?
Probably not enough time, as I'm grabbing lunch shortly
There's something in Dodger's personal code that rings stronger that his disposition towards drugs and drug abuse.
*than
If he makes it out of this, his shard will likely latch onto that instead.
He's so strongly against betrayal that it's tearing him apart as he's forced to choose between betraying his team and betraying his brother, with no easy option for his conscience.
His shard will focus on that conviction and the fact that he's already broken it, driving him to punish traitors and betrayers to the utmost of his ability, which will tie into externalizing his self-loathing and guilt for having to choose between betraying one or another.
He hates himself for making that choice, and his power drives him to lash out at others who might act similarly.
That's the thought, at least. Sunday or Tuesday might be OK.
wetcap
a redcap herring
A canny person should be able to figure out who did Bloodlake. I'm pretty sure there are enough hints in all the logs.
Duck Queen is Jiangjun
It's your own fault for not checking in on him
I feel like sometimes people forget about certain NPCs
And I'm like, "wait, no, they're plot relevant"
But it's too late
@ ColdGold -- No joke, there's this guy in my class named Emmanuel Garza.
Sad that I only just now noticed, at the very end of the semester.
Anything nifty going on today?
Hey, Nick, are you around?
Retrospectively, I thought of a way better name for my Pueblo character, and I want to see if there's an opportunity for me to change it, in-game.
Given that most of his Tinkerings revolve around dispensing drugs with deleterious effects, I figured it would be really apt / entertaining to call him The Harmacist.
Yeah. Maybe I can moonlight as a sketchy drug peddler.
If Freddy ends up becoming a villain, he could be Rat Bastard.
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 269)
!who 322
Bogota is in South America.
Best of luck with future employment prospects, Cam.
Hey there, Citizen Snips
Glad to have you
A worthy successor to the title, I hope
The real mystery is how he's typing with those big meaty claws.
Not til Cleveland ends buddy
next campaign
not from me.
lysa was talking about it
a newcomer
I'm at a funeral atm, so it goes.
Terooci
Terucci
Corry, ColdGold -- Emmanuel Garza made a 92
*Sorry
The Man Who Sold The Gold
I've never actually heard the story behind Tell's nick, actually.
I think that one's a no.
That's a really cool story, Tell.
Today's good. Gimme a sec.
Suit up, ColdGold.
And good luck.
2.
I looked that up when I was tussling with Resilience and Fortnight the other day, but it looks like that rule got phased out when wounds were updated.
That or I couldn't find it.
Nice to GM a big ole cape fight. Haven't done that in a bit.
Blackjack vs. the Protectorate was also a fun one.
I didn't expect that to go so poorly for him.
He rolls a pool of dice at the start of any combat, and can use those dice rather than roll them for his own rolls, or sabotage someone else's rolls using one of the low dice in the pool. He can only do one of those a round, but he can push himself to do it twice or thrice at the cost of a wickedly debilitating headache.
Thinker
Hmm, I dunno. It's a micro-TK thing, sort of like how Shamrock does her thing, so whatever class she is, I guess.
'twouldn't be breaker, would it?
Would be a Tinker/Thinker sorta deal.
Is that your Jarhead Tinker, spelt?
Nope. Capo II interrupted, unfortunately.
Man, poor Cremator. I didn't expect him to get so utterly demolished at the outset.
You've sold the Blackguard docs, what, three times? Four?
For $10k to $25k a pop?
Sure, irid. Let me put them together for you.
Jeez louise, this has been a lengthy session.
Wait, what dramatic irony?
I'm glad that it's there, but it might have been an accident
I'm just typing words in a vaguely coherent sequence
He's not 21 either.
Wait 'til you see Wink's cartel copycat, Siesta.
He's also broken his creed of not betraying his friends, so it goes.
Whew. That one was a doozy.
Think that one tops the charts at almost 120 KB, but I can't say for sure.
I've been slacking about curating recent logs.
Wow, almost 18k words, that session was.
Only thing that comes remotely close was the session where Longinus died.
Four out of six would be reasonable, I'd say.
Let me know when you do, Bel.
Not too close. He lost two pips of armor and took a wound, IIRC.
Dodger was actually really well suited for that fight. Things would have gotten a lot worse if he wasn't getting rid of all that smoke with his tunnels.
2 milestones, Thal.
You haven't seen his dossier, have you?
And Mega.
Lol, I think Bel has it IC but I never linked it to him.
Oops.
Pretty close to the mark, Thal, regarding the 0 trick
One more on the same level as this one or two more with slightly lower stakes, I think, CG.
Man, I wasn't following Lincoln earlier and now I'm bamboozled.
I want to get off Mr. Cog's Wild Ride.
Here are the raws.
Zene is she, or am I misremembering?
Just making sure I'm not making things up in my head.
First draft of clean logs.
You should have edit privs now, Bow.
Good job, junior Lodestar capes.
Your RP was really great, Zene.
Sorry that I wasn't able to transfer over the italics into the logs document.
Would be more than happy to have you in a campaign. Out of curiosity, what's your prior RP experience/culture like, Zene?
What client are you using, Lid?
Happens on Kiwi sometimes, but rarely.
Really happy about the attention you give to internal monologue, from a quick glance at the logs. Was busy GMing earlier, so catching up with latter half of Lincoln atm.
Let me know if you need any help with navigation or UI, Jish.
Logs updated with second pass-through. Rolls are formatted, some are annotated.
Sure. Do you have a Google docs / Gmail account I can give access to?
And thanks!
Megiddo's still there, doing his thing.
I might do a one-shot with him sometime. Just a two or three capes in a bounty hunter team seeing if they can cash in on a kill-ordered dude.
Nachzehrer has the Stand Tall perk, and boy, she owns it.
Good job, Zene. Quick work.
I did a quick pass-through and corrected some spelling errors on the logs.
Ligea is pretty cool.
The water portal cape.
Oh, will you need me for this, Teller?
When would you be free for that?
\
Wednesday would be best for me as well, unfortunately.
I'll be leaving the country Thursday morning.
Anytime Wednesday afternoon would be good with me, I think. I'll be grading that day, but it'll be mostly multiple choice so I'll be a-OK.
Driving to the airport the night prior, but I will be a passenger and can continue on my phone if needed.
A little sad that I don't get to chat with the Gung himself, but maybe he'll hit it off with Superstition.
I had a whole spiel for the man. Rebranding, PR, presentation...
Horn Grinch
Thanks, Cogo.
I like Cantus's power too.
He's a Striker and a Master.
With a smidgen of Trump.
If it helps, he essentially has two discrete powers.
He was, if not a friend, then a close colleague of Iron Will before his death.
As a civilian.
He has Iron Will t-shirts when not a lot of folks do, in Cleveland or out.
Here's Lincoln, irid.
I'll have to dig up Dodger v Borgata and Primus later tomorrow since I'm on my phone
Uh, I've already got the logs up, Foss.
Zene's already fixed them to her liking.
Mishie
I miss Swole
You monster
:'(
Heartless
How could you -not- let her live after such classics as "that's a Swole guarantee" or "mark your calendar"
I hope Tell has a little booklet of Swole-isms I can use in everyday life
Gnight everyone!
o/
Concerned I might be coming down with something. 
throat is a little scratchy, the timing is inconvenient.
I remember the SARS epidemic, and traveling overseas to Taiwan during that time. The quarantine procedures were very inconvenient.
Coughing like a mofo. Horrid timing with exams and proposal due and an impending overseas trip.
As an aside, Caitiff's storyline is really weird in Cleveland with Longinus dead.
Probably not in the way you're thinking.
There's a clue in the dossier. A pretty buried one, granted.
ah, good
Thoughts?
Hey Tootie.
The command is $watch (playername) and works only in PMs
He was a Master that controlled a single minion that could change its form and function given sufficient biomass. The minion masqueraded as a Case 53 to serve as the focal point for his organization.
He was once a PC in an old, IRL one-shot where he tried to lay his hands on a sample of Behemoth's tissue.
But in Cleveland he was an NPC.
He was intended to serve as a stopgap for a group like the Irregulars starting up by collecting C53s and keeping them focused on rampaging villainy rather than poking their noses into Cauldron.
Nah. He died before the story started.
I'm leaving how up to the GM I loaned him to.
Nah. He died before the story started.
Logs clean up to Arc 4. I need to start uploading and cleaning the rest of arc 16 and 17.
I'm almost at the 150th session milestone for Cleveland.
That's way too much.
137, I think, but I'm not 100% sure, Thal.
Doesn't count secrets although most secret sessions are shorter ones.
Did count Bow's secrets, actually, but that's just two.
On the subject of secret sessions, Thal, are you free in 1.5 hours?
I should put out an all-call to see if there's anyone willing to help catch typos and broken links and stuff in my logs.
Hey Proth, how've you been?
Glad to hear.
Zene, you're too kind.
Once I'm at a laptop I'll give you edit rights. Don't judge me too harshly for my earlier writing. :p
And thanks again. You're swell.
Quantity != quality
My poor google drive is crammed to the max.
The wiki does have spoiler tags already, so done and done, I guess
I got no plot. Almost everything in Cleveland is driven by PCs and their colliding motivations.
Also, ColdGold
Wanted to tell you something, but can't remember what
Not Cwn, the double-crosser
The double-double-crosser
Betrayed coldhand, betrayed blackjack
I'm really satisfied that all meaningful narratives stemmed from PC decisions, tho
Ohh, that's right
So ColdGold
Remember when Rebellion cut into that discussion with TGK and Cantus
And saying he already knew what was up
he was just bluffing
i didn't expect him to end up taking point in that conversation
he didn't actually know who you were or what was up but he wanted to, lol
Give me a little bit
Meeting was delayed
Mmkay, Thal, you're up
Sorry for the delay
I think Fidler is a lot more grown-up / responsible than a lot of the PCs in Cleveland.
Fidler's life would absolutely get worse if she triggered.
No bones about it.
I'd like to have a brief session where Mega has a discussion with Cantus, but I don't think I'll have the time for it before I have to leave.
Will be taking an unavoidable two-week hiatus.
Freeman still has to talk to Fleetfoot, Sorensen, Conquistador, Knuckleball, Cwn, Sirocco, Gigawatt, Forgemaster, and Ripcord again, IIRC.
Some of these we can gloss over and handle as a series of Social rolls.
I would suggest you give Forgemaster a little attention as well.
People die when they are killed...
Oh, here's the document containing all of the extant sessions, Zene.
There's just little hiccups here and there where I goofed on formatting, back when logs were manually formatted and we didn't have the magic of Teller's log formatter.
I haven't counted arc 16 or 17 yet, Nick, but it's just a smidge past 500k.
A relatable feeling, Zene.
Aw shucks. Thanks Zene.
She's finally earning her "In the Know" badge for the Cleveland forums.
Meritorious.
Which state / country? I can give you a town name.
A fake city called Camden
You're a quick reader, Zene.
Something like Renekton's slice and dice, but he can chain it multiple times and people who are hit get forcefully knocked away.
Build up enough bounces and he can blow all his accrued momentum into a critical bash.
An electrokinetic crocodile. Shockodile.
Have fun being the glorious leader, Proth.
Pretty strong. I'm in favor, CG.
Passive stealth skill pips that can be burned for AoE 'hex' debuff
Hexed victims, when wounded, take a wound and two effects
Nah, would apply to allied attacks as well.
I'd say... they should have a flat +2 to stealth and 3 pips.
Maybe +1.
Flat +1 to stealth, can't be burned. Pips can be burned to use hex debuff, which lasts... a short-ish amount of time.
5 or 6 minus victim Guts rounds.
Is a short range AoE thing. Can burn more to widen AoE?
Pips regen... once per (4 - Wits mod) rounds?
Dunno if Wits is the right stat, or maybe we can just have a flat regen rate.
Cape gains a passive +1 bonus to all stealth rolls and three power-granted skill pips in the Stealth skill.
These pips can be consumed for a point-blank AoE (10') that inflicts the 'Hex' debuff on all living creatures within its range.
Hexed creatures take an additional wound effect when they are wounded, and the debuff's duration is (6 - Guts) round.
Expended skill pips regenerate at a rate of 1 per 4 rounds.
Since the hex debuff already applies to allies, I'd make it so that the AoE is bigger.
For the bad teamwork thing.
Not sure about True Use, but I'm imagining something that only takes place after the victim starts stacking hex debuffs after getting cursed multiple times.
Truest Use
Where's that hot tub Cogo
The AoE affects allies and enemies.
Forgot to change yesterday before logging off. Cold meds kicked in and I fell asleep.
Man, that was a rough one
Any progress towards forgiving coy down the drawin
*drain
Hygiene
she a weak bitch
cant maul for shit
too busy crying
i'll tread on her
What's going on?
Amateur.
Amateur.
Nah, I'm just having fun.
Hack'n'slash spookhouse crawlers aren't really my speed.
There are more effective methods to instill dread in my players in other genres.
Not too much came of it. Pas is still in PRT custody.
Yeah.
Probably not. Today is really busy and I'm sick.
I remember that Invictus had that flaw.
It didn't really amount to much since this was back before milestones were a thing, and also he died anyways.
"Nobody's home!"
*whispering* "Is he gone yet?"
in the vast unforgiving desert
that's why they keep DCing
Dodger and Cantus are weirdly almost the perfect counter to Caitiff and his nonsense
@ Megafire -- Head office would pay a one-time $100K bonus for Caitiff for the department and a permanent 25K increase to monthly discretionary funding.
Oh - mega
Before you go
Will you be free in, uh...
~14 hours from now, give or take?
Cool. Playing it by ear, but ideally I'll have wi-fi on the flight for a quick session between Cantus and the Director
What're you giggling for, Thal?
I've done it before
Not public knowledge, no, Bel. Sorry.
You'd know kill order bounties.
But it's 2009, so those are a little more rare, since the PRT still has its collective shit together, in general.
Your wife is here, Cogo.
Where's that Charm roll my boy
Superstition isn't a kid. A late teen, maybe.
Does run the risk of violating the 'half your age plus seven' rule.
But you know what they say, about risks and payoff.
Didn't say "meow-nster hunter"
I'm firing her
Effective immediately
Gungnir's 29, IIRC.
Are you feeling paw-turbed, Lurks?
still waiting for a cape named Goofus
I wish you no luck in your Sicol Bend romantic escapades
My one true love lies dead
I ship Schuyler with a cruel and merciless death
But my IRL favorite character is dead
Now there's no need to worry about the age difference.
Pierce the heavens dude
I believe in you
Man, I wonder what would have happened if Gungnir and Longinus met
Long had a fun table to work with.
TIL Gungnir is a big ol' nerd
Now you get to watch Star Wars with her. You goddamn genius.
Huh. I remember her tinkerings being a little glassy in nature
But it's been a while.
Dunderthome
nah, iridium
pile bunker
muh desks
; - ;
i just got a new one
use the one that papa rinaldi shot up
don't mind the bloodstains
Wow. Guess who's not getting any McDonalds.
My poor HQ.
:(
Poor Gung.
Not his gutsiest of days.
Last words: "You thought I was dead?"
*dies immediately after*
Carry on my wayward Gung
Poor Alex's room
His kingdom for a fries and shake
#WDCleveland please, Megafire
I will be boarding my flight in approximately half an hour, so we may need to pause there
I should have wi-fi on the flight, so it should be a momentary hiccup
But in the event that I somehow don't, we can resume when I arrive in Seattle, during my layover
Ping me when Mega gets back
Back
Have approximately another hour before I'm onto my next flight, but I figure we can wrap the talk with Cantus up by then.
If the opponent rolls a 1 or a 2, ignoring modifiers, they will miss
o7
Takeoff in 9 minutes.
I'll be gone for a day or so until I arrive in Japan. Stopping in Beijing but uncertain if I'll have the time to pop in and say hi.
About a 12 hour flight from here to Beijing, then 3 hours from Beijing to Tokyo
5 hr layover in Beijing so I'll probably be able to stop by and say hi. It'll just be late for most of you folks.
(13 to 18 hours from now will be when I am feasibly reachable, essentially.)
Who doesn't like Bonesaw?
Their loss.
No love bug hugs for them.
[ <Antioch|GM> For some background, it's getting close to evening on Friday. <Ant - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
Darn, my lab tower must have shut down.
I might actually have to pay IRCcloud now.
What time is it for you guys, like, mid-afternoon or something?
gotcha. 2am over here.
Just arrived.
Getting my bearings and taking care of business before getting a quick shower and nap in.
More or less. Still feeling the sore throat and cough, but it's winding down.
Cleaned and formatted some more logs on the flight, but mostly popped NyQuil and passed the fuck out.
Residual grogginess from that, I'm guessing
Don't think the formatted logs have synced on Drive yet. The wifi here is kinda hiccupy.
You can only lose life flaws via milestones
Power flaws are here to stay
Might be misremembering. A titch jetlagged
Spear is finesse, I'd imagine
OJ Simpson was the actor for the Terminator in Earth Bet.
Nah, Simpson was still a criminal.
Now you've got to roll to confirm.
I had 1 guts and was on the brink of death.
Could have been one-shot by literally anything.
People actually treat Wits as a dump stat and that's terrifying to me.
I'm like dam boi it's 5AM, you god damn machine
But then I remembered I'm on the other side of the world
"[13:17:22] <Antioch> People actually treat Wits as a dump stat and that's terrifying to me." That's because it is.
Yeah. I feel like Brawn is my more commonly dumped stat.
Dex, at times, but with multi attacks it's hard to justify.
I remember an Ananke, not an Avnonke
*Avnomke
Duck mud is a familiar and comforting face, however.
I'm imagining Unrest in the House of Light as a potential setup for Thinker/Trump.
I'm in Japan, Cuppa
It's almost bedtime for me
Still, had a great day
Heyo
Glad you liked Invictus, lysa.
I hope his player comes back one day.
Zip graduated college and is trying to stay focused on employment and whatnot, IIRC
He's said he'll be back once he's settled down, I think.
Hmm. Am I Ok at writing scary sessions?
Hmm. Am I OK at writing scary sessions?
whoops
Sorry about that. Train wifi is spotty.
I was trying for that in the Bayfield one-shor
*shot
But I feel like horror is one aspect of my writing that I could stand to improve on
and that was way back. I dunno that I've actively tried for that again
I think a part of that is because horror isn't media I consume a lot. Less to go on
I've thought about it before.
Post-Leviathan recovery makes for a good premise
But big cities are tough.
I can just huck a few at you
Protectorate gets shuffled around in the wake of Leviathan attack, pick a few capes that can assist with recovery/rebuilding
Elite influence creeps in, w/ Agnes Court lending a hand in putting the city back together
So, hm
Lodestone, Scrapheap, Smiling Mantis, Inkstain. I dunno. First names that came to mind. Dunno how hero-ey they sound though.
I'm just pulling them out of my cavernous bunghole
No actual doc, I'n afraid
But you could prolly use the idea of the "we're picking ourselves back up after leviathan hit us" to inform some NPC protectorate capes
Like getting your face pressed against the pavement while you're being held out of a moving car?
I'd do moderate burn for that and reroll unfitting results. It's close enough.
@ Foss - I've been manually cleaning my logs
Most of the older ones predate the log formatter
Zene has been helping me with proofreading
Nah, Foss
@ Firlz - equipment misfires, malicious AI controls weapon targeting systems, power source surges and overclocks armament output
That's another branch of Tinkering entirely
Gungnir's done that to a certain extent
But largely it falls within the purview of Chaos-branch Tinkers
I'm thinking it's probably more important to direct your concerns towards players that are willing to play rather than starting a blacklist before you even get off the ground, Foss.
For the books, Spelt was my second-to-first player, chronologically, and was very good in helping me get into the flow of GMing.
Let's take this conversation in a different direction.
I have GMed every player on that list (albeit only a little for Lurks) and I can attest to their good play.
Let's not turn this into an opportunity to disparage certain members of the chat.
09:16 <Antioch> Let's take this conversation in a different direction.
=
Please.
BRB, taking a shower.
I like how there's a bit of shared canonicity between games of a certain timeframe, in some instances
Nah, WD games
Mebbe move the star wars talk somewhere else?
Uh, no?
Older than a good deal of us, leastways.
Heyo, Tell
Sure, PM me? I'm chatting with Dolyn and Tell right now, so my response may be slow coming
Yeah, it's a skill that hasn't been made yet.
You mean Bullseye?
It makes sense, especially for guns
A world of difference between a graze on the cheek and a dead-on headshot
Even though it's a handful of inches at best.
Say, Tell, are you about?
In what sense?
With what weapon?
What's the armor you're wearing?
You get two of those?
I'd rule it as the two armor slots get filled up by lesser wounds but you don't take any effects.
But Withstand isn't codified as "null attack entirely" or "reduce one step" so it's hard to give a definitive ruling on these things.
I try to consider it situationally, based on what the attack is and what the defender is wearing
I'd probably say a lesser cut with the associated effect. You're stepping into the claw's path, tanking it slightly but also using the momentum of your block to shove the attacker off-balance
Or at least that's how I'm imagining it.
Stepping out for some bread, BRB.
 Oh, thanks, Bow!
Artful Dodger's trigger and power correspond pretty fittingly, according to the document.
Kudos to Nonagon.
Is satisfying to see some Mover powers retroactively line up with their triggers.
Here, have a trigger inspired by the Mover doc.
Lemme know if that trigger is decent and I'll put it on the doc.
Two great tastes that taste great together!
WWhat's up?
Was that one of your character goals, Firlz?
Is that the sort of thing that takes 3-4 sessions?
Are you trying to rise in rank to, idk, lieutenant or something?
Eliminate a known and dangerous rival?
Yeah, I'd figure out something more concrete to aim for, milestone-wise
Or maybe a civilian thing.
Just something that informs your character's decision-making, motivates them, and takes a good deal of effort and prep
Well, now you have some new goals to go for
Like get used to being somewhat in charge
Could be something like "gather X powered subordinates"
Or "claim and hold X territories for 4+ unbroken sessions"
Or "deal crushing blow to rival gang (steal and keep territories, incapacitate leader, etc)"
I play it by ear, m'self
I just ask spelt what he's got in mind for the near future and we codify it into a few short-term goals over a week's span of time
He can tell me if he wants someone here in the case that X happens, if he's gunning for a certain territory or a cape to recruit, so on and so forth.
If the game plan for the week involves shoring up assets, territory, reputation, underlings, or otherwise...
I feel like he sees more diplomacy than combat these days, but "these days" has really only been within a span of a week, IG
I debated it, but I don't think I ended up going with that. Has been a while, though, so I'm not sure.
all of my triggers are top tier
smh
Did someone need help making a Tinker?
Hook me up with the trigger.
I'll think it over in the shower.
Working on something.
Walking to train station. Gimme 6 mins.
Tinker makes rudimentary armor in discrete portions, having a gauntlet, chest, helm, and greaves. Minor weak bodysuit option to be worn underneath. Starts with four patterns. Arrest, Blue, Crush, and Decel. Patterns apply unique effects to equipment types, eg Cryo Greaves propagate a creeping Shaker trail, and Blue Armor has a small battery that reverses
time to heal a round's worth of wounds. Effects are poor when worn by the cape, but certain combinations (experimentation is needed, as this is Limit spec) will yield better results.  In addition, the cape can eject all armor from their body as Breaker-ish energies animate the empty suit for a number of rounds, overclocking the armor minion but leaving the
Tinker more vulnerable, reliant on a weak energy sidearm and a patternless bodysuit. Minion's stats have a base and are further modified by the equipment patterns, and it has its own pool of 8 skill points that can be selected every time it's formed. Again, certain pattern combos will yield superior results, experimentation needed.
I can work on it some more later.
hey
:(
Anything neat happen in WD today?
:(
It's tough not being available in this channel during any of my waking hours
I had no wi-fi today and was suffering
I was in Disney Sea, which somehow doesn't have wi-fi
I'll be travelling out of Tokyo tomorrow and spending the night at a hot spring place so you probably won't be seeing much of me for a bit.
I'd probably still play WD in hell, tbh.
Makes sense. Gotta preserve the magic.
I'd torture the souls of the damned with mean sessions
But the souls of the damned would take 45 minutes to respond and have really bad spelling & grammar, and try to rules lawyer me
Two way street, see?
Nothing personnel........ kid
You
You're up early, pelt
You're hurting your shard's feelings
:'(
i wonder what Taken Dad's special set of skills would translate to in WD skill terms
good morning friends, good morning all
good morning creatures great and small
should be good CG
Hoping to rename my pueblo tinker to The Harmacist
Nah
Most of my good cape names were used on NPCs
Amphetamine Queen is still a favorite.
I have been generally pretty happy with the cape names in Cleveland.
The earlier ones were iffy here and there but on the whole I'm satisfied.
Cape names, that is.
Dead Kid
I'm happy that a lot of cape names do a good job of telling people about the cape's personality
Caitff is a good example there
gūzhang and gùzhàng
Pizzicato and Noblesse Oblige are probably the two names I'm proudest of.
How many flavors though
The Trinity of Triumph is the best
I hope you get to see them one day
I'm off to some hot springs
See you guys in a day or so
That canon Tinker thread in the Parahumans subreddit is really making me jolly
I wanna see more free tinkers, but I figure they'd be a right hassle to GM
Wasn't there some sort of insight as to free tinkering in Leet Quest?
All I remember is that Leet had some really amazing T-shirts and that's all
Hey Kura
How have you liked the Tinker quasitable, Kurama
Mechanically, I'm happiest with the Decibel Greaves
I hope you have fun finding out the ideal set combos and unlocking your true specialty through trial and error
Good luck filling Buckler's shoes, Kurama. I believe if you find your own style and suss out a pattern combo that works, you can do it!
Shock them with what
Immolator?
Lots of shield capes out there
What the heck
Yeah. Is one or t'other.
Let me see if I can find one.
Something like this?
Hallo
How fare y'all
If a non Worm hero/villain has the name it's assumed to be taken in-verse, iirc
Heya.
Could someone hook me up with the Sicol logs up to now?
Thanks Tell. You're a gent.
Thanks for being my slut, Horn Lord.
Horn Lord, paraphrasing Schuyler – "Do you want to know why I'm sucking off the Keepers?" Dramatic pause. "It's the best position to bite Schuyler's dick off."
Keep your weird insectile mandibles away from my junk.
Howdy folks
Power gen?
Let me chip in
Whoa, give me a second
I'm still mulling it over
Cape accrues partial armor on a round by round basis. Can be forcefield, ice, whatever. Armor can be detonated for a short-range teleport, AoE attack on victims at point of departure.
It's a blink mover. I dunno that Terminus or Takeoff play a major role, but I don't really care whether the effect takes hold on arrival or departure.
Decoy bit seems out of place.
Also, Pastebin is your friend.
I think it's fine.
What's the problem?
Guy freezing to death, trapped in a meat locker is pretty cut and dry.
I did the AOE explosion for the Shaker bit. Don't care if it's takeoff or terminus.
It can be both.
Icesplosion leaves bad terrain.
I was thinking more like outward facing spikes.
A ring or half ring of them.
Cape generates one instance of partial armor at the start of every round. They can spend one full unit of armor (two partials) to teleport to a location 100' away in their line of sight. When they leave, the expended armor fragments, peppering the surrounding area in shards that grow into spiny, icicle-shaped emplacements in a roughly circular pattern.
I like the combat armor and reactive teleport Firlz has, but I feel like the Shaker effect should be more indiscriminate and the teleportation range higher. I also think that spending a full round to recoup armor isn't super fun for a PC.
1/2 armor per round isn't too bad.
Especially when they have to spend 1 armor to do cool shit.
Costs and balances.
there's a natural cap to armor, Firlz
Encumbrance
If you only want to travel by teleporting and leaving a bunch of hazardous crap in your wake.
And wait to recharge your armor.
Gives the cape the option to be this armor laden hulk at the outset of combat and get more nimble/agile as they shed more layers
That is the intention, but having prep time where wearing 3 armor past an average man's encumbrance rating is feasible is kind of an outlier scenario
You can have armor up to your Brawn minus one.
Each armor is 1 encumbrance.
Your max encumbrance is Brawn - 1.
Don't think so.
I can check.
That's the armor quality
Not an actual pip of armor
No
Don't forget to take into consideration the baseline encumbrances for light armor / cloth and such.
Yeah, luck is fine
Looking forward to seeing Kurama's tinker in action. Enjoyed putting it together.
Yeah.
I had fun with the "figure out the right set bonuses" research mechanic.
Any patterns or such catch your eye?
Yeah, it really depends on your playstyle.
Methodical, burst, hit-and-run
Finesse can apply to fist weapons, if you desire.
But I'm a fan of Blitz myself.
Say, is the Bow about?
Fiddlesticks.
I'm heading back to Tokyo. See you guys later!
Heyo! What've I missed?
I saw a snip of that
Whew... back in Shinjuku
Have a free moment to chime in on 5 in a stat.
Imo, should be pretty tough to achieve/justify outside of milestones. Power or life perk comes to mind as exceptions.
"Peerless" is the thing I'm going for, methinks.
Can think of Cogo's Anansi as someone who got this perk, started out with Brawn 5.
Musclebound gangbanger from a musclebound family.
Another 5-stat is Schuyler, who achieved Know 5 from a milestone.
Is sort of justifiable, with him having to juggle convoluted plots and schemes and engineering betrayals behind the scenes, but I dunno that I'd call him a peerless intellect
But his recklessness is sort of an outside factor that doesn't impede on his general know-how.
Know 5 is weird for me because knowledge is a broad thing.
Yeah. If he had to do a know roll about medical shit and prosthetics to help Gungnir I dunno that I'd feel comfy about getting a +2 to that roll
And that's something that I have to choke down as a player
Because I'm an actual prosthetician
Spill the deets mish
Was it as bad as Gungnir's arm
Nice to see how our professions overlap.
Ask your GM.
Patience, grasshopper.
Hobo-bot. Hobot.
Not to be confused with ho-bot.
Gnight everybody
"[06:07:01] <Antioch> Yeah. If he had to do a know roll about medical shit and prosthetics to help Gungnir I dunno that I'd feel comfy about getting a +2 to that roll" Well, I mean, would you feel comfortable about making a roll about medical shit and prosthetics with a +0?
In the context of Schuyler's breadth of knowledge being more accurately represented, sure
Maybe the scale of results is relative to the character's experience in the subject
Maybe Schuyler rolls a 6 +2 to see this dude bleeding out and first aid basics come to mind from his tenure as a cape manager who's seen wounds here and there.
Elevate the wound, tourniquet, et cetera
But no surgery, that kind of deal
I dunno.
Skill points are mechanically good. As a narrative thing there are a lot of parts where it's clunky
And when you pick 2 or 3 skills to get good at, it's kind of feast and famine. You're either in a situation where you can use a skill and excel or you're in a situation where you can't. End up leaning on the same tools for any given situation
There's still room for success and creativity, just the system doesn't encourage it concretely I guess
I wouldn't want to go into the Pathfinder crap where there are skills where you can't roll for if you don't have pips in them
I recommend reading the sessions for context, Mari
The WD system just isn't set up for that sort of granularity, I figure
It's a thing IRL, to be fair. I lean on two or three skills baseline most days
Just mechanically speaking it doesn't incentivize creative play
The first die is what counts
Diminishing returns
It's not too tough, tubes, anydice is pretty handy of a tool
Infinity dice would be +2.5, sorta
The special skill bonuses are cool but it's one of those creativity things again
Handing people a specific tool to lean on means there's less incentive to be creative
Yeah, Non. I think most people get that at least subconsciously
Most folks have at least two pips in a defensive skill
Finesse probably
Since you can attack two dang times a round
I need to sit down and actually look at Exalted 3e sometime
Dabbled very mildly in two
But then skill investment becomes a bitch. Either you're solid in combat and garbo in everything else, or you're kinda bleh in both respects
Pick one and a half, really
Yeah, Words
But no need to restrict things further
And my point about handing people specific tools limiting their creativity still stands
Ah, I getcha, Non
The point is me trying to nudge the system towards a place that encourages good and creative play
And nurtures positive player behavior and helps make the campaign and its narrative more of a two way street
We have good sessions, heck, good campaigns that are good because of the system, but they're also good because of the players and GM
It would be cool to be able to move the onus of creating a quality gameplay experience more onto the system and less onto the Gm/player but I dunno if that's a thing that's entirely feasible
I love that the system has made things happen in my campaign that couldn't have happened without the structure provided but ultimately I feel it's the quality of my players that allow my campaign to be what it is
There are players that just wouldn't click with me, and it's be neat to twiddle the rules to where that group of people goes down
Campaigns that need what?
I'd have it at 3 pip myself, Non
Less restrictive bearing stat caps in mind, but still a decent investment
The campaigns that don't exist yet, basically
I'd like to make GMing a less daunting task for people who haven't given it a shot before
With more support and structure and narrative assists
I personally don't need the changes as a GM, I GMed right when the wounds system was a thing
But I feel like the community as a whole could benefit from it
I don't think I can, Words
I'm capable with making do with whatever, and everything I touch gets fudged and homebrewed to my preference
I'd need the input of a GM with a more rigorous approach
I dunno. I'm just a blind guy patting one part of an elephant here
The part of the elephant I'm patting is related to stuff like modular campaigns, maybe?
But my fudges and homebrews are custom tailored to my personal audience so i dunno how applicable they are
My fantasy players tell me "I wanna be a magitech scientist with a cyborg arm" and I build a class for that from scratch. Doesn't really carry over here
More like uhhh
Someone DMing using the Curse of Strahd adventure book I guess
Some campaigns do cross over on a superficial level in terms of references or continuity
But that wasn't what I was thinking of
I gave it a whirl with Terre Haute but I didn't have the GM chops to nail things down more rigorously I guess. Not to the point where I could hand it to a new player and have them try it
I have no major problem with WD. There's just always room for improvement
I basically did that, Words. But it's just a tiny piece of the elephant
And I'm trying to describe how I want the rest of the elephant to look, despite only faintly grasping it
Scroll up, Mari. I mention my concerns and where I'd like to implement changes here and there
Pink doesn't ping Pino
*Pink
Don't fret
I don't think Pink is rules focused, imo
I'd say Firlz is on the rules end of the spectrum
I'm somewhere in the between. Narration is the priority for me but I'm glad to have a structure to lean on that facilitates it
I'm a very loosey goosey person when it comes to rules.
One of the themes of Worm that carries over into WD is making the best of what you have
But what you have is, mechanically, codified kind of awkwardly
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
Taylor starting off was prolly Master 5, which is still mighty respectable
He needed worthy opponents
nah. biter is weak.
biter sucks.
think we're off on a tangent here, anywho
Nah, I meant to go to bed an hour ago
I think I've said what I wanted to say
[ <Antioch> And I admit a certain fondness for the mental imagery of grand slammin - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
Folks coming from certain backgrounds might
Some of my IRL crew would for sure
Mornin
I miss anything?
!addquote <Nonagon> gr8 sk8 m8 i rate your mover power an 8/8.
Ooh.
Phew. You know things are bad when the GM is giving you advice.
That or Cogo's too nice.
I feel like a few gens here and there recently weren't claimed
Not 100% sure since I don't have my laptop
Just this gut feeling
Thanks, matey
Not going for the name reacharound, Fulv?
My heart shatters
I really need a log crawling script that gobbles up trigger gens and saves them to a public spreadsheet with pastebins of said logs
Poor moth
My coding aint the hottest and I'm on vacation til the 25th
Thanks, Faust
You're a lad
Wew indeed, Cogo. Wew indeed.
A shad is a kind of fish
Splat! Boing! Splat!
Holy shit
The fucking continuity on this one
You hearing this Tell
Poor Walloped boy.
Caving in his chest started him on the path of petty crime.
no horseflesh to speak of? shame, that
I'm having a hard time imagining this
I'm imagining a dude permanently trapped in a reverse pelvic thrust, extruding flesh from his ass
Hops Murders Again
This Time It's PK
It'll help
I need this bike to have touched the lives of every PC in San Raul
Pink has the Detroit campaign is why, lysa
WD Cleveland is a lot different from RL Cleveland at this point
A good chunk of the projects are gone
I know :p
Woo! GJ, lys
I'm on break, vacationing in Japan
Nice. Almost lunch for me.
Have you looked at the Detroit logs?
The logs should answer your questions regardless
I'm confused. Have you read the logs or not?
You should read things more in-depth before you ask silly questions like that, Foss
Mish brings me joy every day
Vacation has been nice but I've been itching to GM almost every day I've been here
I did feel you came off as a pretentious jerk there, Foss
I'm in Japan, so it's prolly no go
Depends on the player
Most players will take whatever they can find tbh.
Small cities are more popular these days
Large cities are a hassle to run
But that's from the GM side of things, not players
Not as far as I know, Mari
Was wondering why "Anteater" pinged me and then I realized it was "Cleveland" that did
So hasty, my my
When you're bored you're boring, so they say
I'm not really around/available
We also don't $trigger for oneshots, generally
Tsk tsk
Eager beaver
Bah. Wanna GM. Too busy getting dragged all over Tokyo
Vacations are somewhat wasted on me. Only mealtimes matter, and I'm dead weight elsewhere
I'm just kinda itching to run a session
Doesn't help that I have the groundwork laid for a few upcoming sessions already.
I dunno that running sessions is a Tinker thing?
Timing is good. Yay Sicol.
Condolences, Mish.
Punch her in the teat.
I wouldn't buy Mish's mixtape.
I mean IRL
I lost a power flaw but only because the Simurgh helped me out.
An aspect of Cantus Aureus's power can temporarily mitigate power flaws.
Did WD Drive end up happening, OssifyedSerf
Hallo
Could be a bit, Mega. I hear Dol's schedule is hectic during the christmas season.
salutations
Huh. I'm just a little bit too young to pick up on that reference, I suppose.
Is there a Hidden Sicol going on, or just a session about to get started?
Ahh.
I'm lowkey fiddling with a crude facsimile of a Pact Dice homebrew over the break for something I might end up running in #other.
If you need Cashy in other channels and Tell isn't about, I believe you can ask me or Dol.
Cashy won't join channels that don't start in WD or Worm.
Might be worth programming an exception for MotorCity if that isn't a thing already.
JL, I think freshly minted squaddies are in the 22-24 range?
I'll need to refresh myself on the particulars. It's just a gut feeling.
Better equipped rookies, maybe.
Hey Mega.
Not too much.
Mmm. Ping me when Mega gets back.
Hey Pelt.
It's going well enough. I'm in Kyoto, and things are much more laid-back.
Going to see the deer tomorrow, but for the moment, I have the downtime to tinker with a Pact Dice project.
Mmm, I'd need to find some time to shift gears and get my bearings with respect to Cleveland. He's chronologically up-to-date, so I can't move too far forward, but if you want to spitball with me regarding your immediate gameplan and response to recent events in PM, I'll lend an ear.
Hi Mega. Good interlude.
Hrmm... it's midnight for me.
What time is it for you, Mega?
I'm wondering if I want to do a little session.
Cleveland.
Although I am fiddling with a Pact Dice thing atm.
Mmm, not quite.
Would you be interested?
How long do you have?
Mm, that's about how long I have too if I want to get to bed at a semi-reasonable hour.
I imagine we'll only be able to get half done, as other PCs might need involving, later on down the line.
Shall we, then?
None from me, nope.
Not too much.
I might have the free time to run you sometime in the near future, Thal, if Kyoto continues to be less busy than Tokyo.
I ran a smidgen of Cleveland. Just a tiny bit.
It's true enough that Fidler's next session has some bearing as to the fate of Primus.
NP.
Gnight.
~o~
Hiya, lys
Good. Much less hectic than Tokyo.
Had some very good oil ramen with boar shanks.
Gonna go see the deer today.
I'm going with the "and", Nonagon
Seeya.
Hmm. @ Thalia -- times where I would theoretically be free to GM you would be rather early in the morning for you, I think.
I think you're two hours ahead of me still, Mish?
It's 11:30 for me right now.
Ah, OK. For some reason I thought you were closer to the east coast.
But to answer your question, Thal, I'd probably start being free around eight or so hours from now.
Huh, weird.
Go Mish.
Ahh, no wonder
I was looking at Melbourne time, which does have DST
I don't mind doing something starting around 4 or 5 your time, if it's not a massive inconvenience to you.
He does that a lot
I wonder why
Lol. He did that right before Lid came on
Just in and out. Rip.
It does cushion impacts, FaustAsleep
Is secret, Mega.
Mmm, I don't think you missed too much.
I'm running a secret session for Thalia, and that's about it.
Sure. I'll probably be opening up the lottery when I get back in the US.
Steeeeeve.
His cape name is Steve, and that's pretty much the crux of it.
What was his actual name again? Something hilariously rich boy, like Aloysius?
Alistair?
That's his greatest weakness.
I enjoyed Flint for what it is, and I liked writing the snippets, but I think it was the quantity of bookkeeping that did me in.
Snuffing or sniffing?
Nothing inherently wrong with Steve
Flint was my attempt at making a WD game that was more about territory control and large-scale
Street level, but administrative rather than the usual
Yeah. The onus for a lot of stuff is already on the GM for a regular game, like keeping track of NPC stats and the narrative and whatnot, so adding more to that just wasn't a plan for success.
Yeah. That, or have a little computer program do it.
Fidler's already eaten Doubledown and spat out his nice, more well-mannered clone.
Who's next? We'll never know.
no style, no grace
funny face
Prole is a good cape name
dunderthome
Morning Dol.
Mega says he'll be back soon.
34 capes is doable.
The trick is to never stat them out or come up with them, and only make them up when they become relevant.
Having organizations controlled by PCs makes the setting more organic.
Rather than use skills, Teller often gives NPC (a) bonus die/dice and none of the regular abilities that come with skills.
Thanks for the session, Thal.
Breadth and depth, Nick.
Breadth and depth.
 I'm able to resume for a moment, Thalia. Somewhere within the realm of an hour, though I don't imagine the remainder of the session will take too long.
rip bankrupt
1PM in Kyoto, Fir
I have so many logs to clean and post lol
Every time I have free time to clean up a log I'm like "nah I'll just GM and make more logs to clean"
I'll try and get some done on the plane ride
I wonder if Tell could slip me an offline version of his formatter
-8
It was so heartwarming that Rat Boi got adopted by a better family
Hiya Tell.
How goes it?
Looking forward to being back in the US.
Lots of WD/PD stuff I want to do.
Yeah. Something to do over the flight
Though if I open it beforehand, it should work fine, right?
Just realized
Sweet.
I have to say, Mish
I was very tempted to comment on that photo you were tagged in
Who're all these old bastards ur hangin about with m8
But they've got medals and all, so it's cool
howdy
~o~
He's on
But if he wasn't, you could use the command $tell Mishie [message]
Only works when you PM [ATM]
 morgnoop
To answer your question from a few hours ago, Mari, Alcatraz was a large-scale Tinker with a powersuit megaproject I designed as an example back when Tinker tables were just coming out
He was never used in a campaign
There was another cape called Alcatraz in SCG's Baltimore but I don't remember what he did
Mari is making an Alcatraz campaign
Pre-Birdcage incarceration facility
If we're going down the Master road, a cultist Master would be OK, I think
The kind of guy the higher ups would be happy to throw into cape jail, just by virtue of their power and the issues it poses
 You should read the Artful Dodger logs, Firlz.
I want to see if you can guess Cantus Aureus's powers.
That's the vigilante Mr. Flaccid, Nick
I try to post sentence by sentence so I don't worry about having to backtrack and edit.
_seen Dalenacio
:(
~o~
Ye. Walking back to train station
Tomorrow's my last day in Japan. Had fun, but looking forward to getting back.
Just ready for being back in the states. I've got a lot of sessions planned, so I may go ham for a week or two.
That's fine. Just get in touch with me whenever you get on after the 26th, and I should be able to run you.
I'm more excited.
Yeah, the PRT gave her free tickets and everthing.
aesthetic
Quote 421 - <Saff> Anti I think that's using yourself as a bio weapon <Antioch> I've always wanted to do that <Antioch> Using myself as a vector of bioterrorism, just sneeze like a motherfucker in a crowded international airport on christmas day
Hmm
The latter, re: the Charm thing, Mari
I'd be OK with stats in the 6-7 range
It's a short duration Breaker that packs a punch with heavy consequences for the user later on
Compare to Lausanne's Epidermis, who has 8 Brawn, can fly, and is literally unkillable in Breaker state
6 rounds. +1, +1, +2, +1, +1, +2. No cap?
I don't know what the drawbacks are
Give me a whistle if Bow happens to be about? I'm looking for some insight for Limit x Magi Tinkers
An optional cost to be paid when enterig Breaker state that extends its duration (and consequently max stat)
Hefty cost, not oft. combat viable
E.g. Self-flagellation+meditation for X minutes, eat a human heart, idk
yo
smh
+1 in Guts
Baby Armor
If I were to pick, I'd suggest the Ath penalty
But not a 1, prolly
Don't think it stacks up to a cripple in the lack of mobility department
Stairs are still doable for most 3rd trimester cases, even if it's exhausting, iirc
If I were the GM, I'd probably just assign a -1 Ath penalty without any corresponding +1 to another stat, m'self
Damn you, American Health Care System
I was joking about the guts, lol
10 sessions in Cleveland is one day, Firlz
lol
Assuming roughly 1, 2 per player
what perk, mish?
Ah, yeah
Bunglenir
rip
there are other projects?
burn it
let nothing distract you from your one task
nah
GMing one campaign
Nocturnal Man is Noctis's shitty copycat
Go hard into that benadryl
Knock yaself the fuck out
get some rest lad
can't wait to gm again
vroom vroom
have a nine hr layover in beijing actually
the price i pay for cheap ass tickets
what rn?
i cannot
Shame that I wouldn't be free right now anyways
Shame that even when the game is defunct I'm still somehow the person people expect to GM Wichita
When I was intended to provide mentorship for novice GMs
X3
Not really, no
:(
Anywho, on a happier note, I should finish cleaning Cleveland logs over the flight and Arcs 16 and 17 up in full, and 18 up in part.
Once I'm back in the States, I'll open up two slots for entry, more if Thalia ends up killing PCs.
?
Rip ;-;
Here, Prodigious. Cleveland page. Take a peek, see if it's the kind of thing that suits you.
Names aren't in yet, Mish. Waiting till I get back in the US.
Fair warning, Prod, the campaign has been around for a while, so there's a lot to go through for context's sake
Not a queue, Jack
Read the rules
Can't read on my phone
What could you possibly do to alter my masterpiece
That's fucked up fam
Lol, Bow chimed in like a year later to say that multitriggers don't work like that
but SCG broke into a max sec civilian prison with a population nearing the thousands
And left a bunch of loaded guns everywhere
Not yet, Prod
I'll open a formal application form when I get back into the States, prob
Cleveland, iri
He lives on, in every door kicked down
!search sick fuck
<Antioch|GM> He doesn't nod his head. Maybe he can't, you sick fuck. (at line 380)
!search parable
Why must you lie, thal
Why the fuck you lyyyyyyin'
She's probably killed before, in the FBI
Don't call Cantus Aureus "that dude", man. Show some fucking respect.
Just because he died like a dog doesn't mean you have to spit on his grave
i'm just making a jape, irid
Cantus is unkillable
He's far too OP
This one?
Looking for anything in particular, Prodigious?
The weaverdice or parahumans subreddit?
Can do.
In like... a day and a half, probably.
33 hours.
That's roughly when I'll be in Seattle
I'm imagining actual nose. The ones with the wiggly noses.
*moles
Actual moles.
Augh.
Making molehills out of conjecture
The butler did it
Yeah. I still need to fix up some of the old ones, but I'm hoping to do that over the flight
The links are wonky on some of them, and some of them aren't up to date on formatting past Arc, uh, 6 I think
So I'm gonna be formatting the logs over the flight and adding some new ones (Arcs 16, 17)
Those logs are lost to the mists of time
They were around the tail end of summer where we switched servers and I was still on Kiwi, which doesn't log
Nah, I switched to a client that saves logs
The server? I dunno
Maybe
You should still be able to make use of [ATM] regardless of which client you use, lysa
I know too.
Just take a boat ride out on the perfectly safe red lake, untainted by Dark Magicks
Lake Erie is kind of big and the red water hasn't reached the shore. It's probably going to diffuse before it does.
Pchoo.
You gotta understand that Conquistador flung the brick of foam containing Lilith pretty dang far.
Lake Erie is kind of big and the red water hasn't reached the shore. It's probably going to diffuse before it does.
Director Mendez will hire any schmuck with an "In the Know" badge for the Cleveland PHO subforum.
Thalia, you can be part of a team
Just kill Freddy's dad and break Verminator out of jail
Then you can be the boss of the Rat Pack
You can be Humphrey Bogart
Rat Bastard? The Grim Squeaker? Vermin Supreme? Ro-dental Problems?
tale as old as time
Hey Cog
I polished up Kura's tinker tables in China about 11 hours ago
Once I'm in the Seattle terminal and settled in the changes should sync
Have to cross-ref vs. Coldhand's ice debuff later
What'd I miss? Have been off the IRC for... how long?
A day plus, I wager
Me, Thal?
Ah, no rush on that
Haven't yet
Ooh. New twig innit
Merry christmas, me
Yeah, 27 hour absence, roughly
I need IRC to live.
Ta!
I cleaned up Arc 6 logs, then fell asleep for 12+ nonconsecutive hours.
I'll be working on that during the Seattle layover.
Once I get my baggage and recheck it I ought to have three or so hours to do so
I've been isolating individual sessions from the bulk logs as well
But it's drudgery, plain and simple
I'm apt to doze off
A lot of my sessions are bulkier these days, and/or two to three parters
Makes for cleaning them a pain, but it's gratifying to see my word count per session triple or quadruple my starting rate
Makes up for the lack of session quantity, in part
Dunno. A shift in writing style, more content readily at hand to draw on?
Cleveland's really solidified as a setting, and a lot of the sessions really write themselves nowadays, which makes for easier/more writing
I'm free after tomorrow pretty much any time, Cogo
Dunno about Non
Goal: Tell Grindmauler that there's flavored protein powder, for the love of god
Milestone worthy, IMO
@ ColdGold and Kura 
Tinker table updated
Let me know what you think
Working on the patterns atm
The two-piece set bonus for the Decibel pattern is OP
Nothing's going to beat Mega's grunts blasting The Nut Shack at me
Me and Non are one of the paused ones, but I'll be free whenever tomorrow onwards
Whilst Pink is doing some christmas stuff, I presume
Nah, I'm in Seattle now
I'll be home in like, 7 hours
Fly to atlanta, drive back
Hmm, two-pip bonus to Awareness feels a little off, for the Arrest pattern lens bonus
I'll mull that one over
haha
too bad i'm going to trash everything your client would have acquired
get fucked
signed, me, the garbage truck bug
you can't sue me, i'm the garbage truck bug
same syllabic structure as "you can't catch me, i'm the gingerbread man"
you can totally sue me, tbh
the elite will love it
Is there any legal precedent for "Gee, I think I'm going to sue half the capes in this city?"
Gosh, there isn't? I wonder why?
;)
Arson Jones is a respectable dude
Tbh, Ace, I think that America's reputation for frivolous lawsuits is exaggerated
Reed vs. The PRT
Reed vs. The PRT was won by Reed, IIRC
Resulted in the Youth Guard becoming a thing
He was one of the first Wards
You remember the guy with the leaf mask in that Interlude?
Try giving Khandhas endurance for the cooldown spec
I double dog dare ya
It works a little bit. He did stagger around dying of radiation poisoning for some amount of time
Heh
Gonna need to schedule a 3 player session for Megafire, Thal, and Nick soon
Khandhas is a weenie
I dunno how he continues to exude weenie-ness after attending a Behemoth fight
But he does
Miraculous, tbh
Trimmed logs on the flight back
Have 29 uncleaned logs, 11 secret
Still a ways to go
have a chat with your local heroin dealer and work yr way up the chain
El Narco is a decent read but it's 2006 onwards roughly, and I'm sure Earth Bet's climate is different enough that it might not be worth it
Puerto Penasco
Queuebing
?
yo
I can try. Kinda out of it, what with the jetlag, but yeah
ah, that's fair
how's your holiday treating you, non?
Yeah. There was christmas music all over Japan too. Kind of engrish-y covers.
passed out early and missed cleveland chat
Chad + Cody = "Choady"?
gg
haloo
oh hey
all three Fundraiser Folks are here
let's talk scheduling
and some behind the scenes soc rolls for nick, who i think will be the main character and focus of the fundraiser session
i'm free pretty much whenever for the next few days
mega's present in an administrative capacity, but actually making speeches and whatnot falls to the people who are actually good at it
thal is just going to sit there and let a lingering malaise of depression fall upon those in a certain radius
so it goes
I've got to drive up to the airport on either the 28th or 29th, but that's a two-hour timesink at worst.
I could aim for starting around 30 minutes from now on the 28th, so long as playing from work doesn't pose a problem for Thal.
Enjoy, the two of you
nay, not yet
he's been in ottawa for the holidays
you know that guy in dishonored 2 that turns into a swarm of rats when you kill him and skitters off to respawn elsewhere?
if you have the gutter feast charm you can just... eat all the rats
just stuff em down your gullet
before he can skedaddle
lov that cronch
Feast
pertinent to my interests
Both work for me. Just PM when the two of you are available
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 269)
Thanks, Cogo. Still shaking off that jetlag
Little bit
Slept from 8-1:30 and 5:00-10:00
I oughta. Lasted til 8 yesterday.
Hey, Bel and Somecrazyguy, when do you want to wrap things up?
you guys are on the same time zone?
First time I've been pinged by Cleveland outside the context of the game
high noon
it will be
These are the fries that caused Guy Fieri's trigger event.
!addquote <SCG> Guy Fieri is a dumpster fire of a person
Hey Mega
Now, as a bonus present, you can watch Gigawatt Force Lightning Dags to death.
To be fair, the guy started the conversation.
It's the not-me Explosivo.
Hey Tuz
Okie dokie.
At least!
Oh, yeah. Let me finish what I'm working on right now and open the queue in earnest.
The majority of deaths in Cleveland have been PvP
Don't worry, one day Freddy will be able to make a Vizier Rat
To advise him in areas of conniving
His whiskers twirl into a little mustache.
Jafar Rat
Tough to say, since I dunno what metric I'd go by
synergy
phobia master. was a student at my university who wanted to give WD a spin after reading the logs
2 arcs
but dudger's been very busy
*dodger
sleeeeepy
Dodger has the longest session record iirc
Your multipart sessions are considered single sessions
For the both of you
Dodger's betrayal session has more words than the entirety of Arc 2 combined
Fun fact
The quick responses help a good bit as well
Earlier arcs have been shorter though, by a goodish deal
Roger
I'm free essentially any time these upcoming few days
Works for me.
Hi folks.
I'm opening applications to WD Cleveland in a few.
There's spots for two players, more if some folks die.
l-lewd
I have a Google Form set up, but I'd like a second opinion from a GM to check to see if I'm asking good questions to gauge applicants and take their measure
A decent few PCs are pretty low-maintenance, Fir
TY, Bow. I'll PM you the link.
It's OK. Applications will be open until mid-Feb, I think.
Not queue-based die roll, by the by. Works more on a lottery ticket sorta thing.
That way no dealing with the sad reality people who get in after and roll higher 
*reality of
Do you think Feb 15 is too far away? I felt like it would give me / the other PCs some opportunities to try their hand at thinning the herd
I'm generally pretty gentle, as a GM.
More deaths in this campaign attributed to PK, IIRC
I'm just too much of a softie :(
I think I could nail the record for "Most PCs Killed" in Sicol
If Tell is nice and lets me count myself in the final tot-up. :P
OK, here's the form.
Have fun and good luck.
Big thanks to Bow for helping me with those sliding scale questions.
Feel free, Nick, I'd like to see how your answers match up with my image of you as a player
> fill it out for fun, get booted from the campaign
Roll 1d100 if you think it's necessary. If it's 100, they second trigger. If the situation is close to their original trigger, 98-100. If they're an experienced cape with a shard that has learned some good stuff, 96-100.
Just ballparkin' here.
Yup, Words
Shame, that
Low roll kicks in for vial deviations, when I do d100s
But 's about it
Hey folks
I just updated the form
With a question of "what is your IRC handle"
Sorry about that and thanks Mish
; - ;
I could make a game of guessing, haha
If you submit your answers, you can go back and change them later
so you can finish up and add your name at the end
I asked Bow for insight, lol
Did you mean to submit panth's session, iridium248?
answers are saved on my end, it's all good
iridium248, the singapore session is killing me
i can't go a single line without reading iridium-chan
end my suffering
Cigarette burn Striker, IIRC
No problemo, and no rush
make forcefields that go vroom
point forcefields
*pointy
nah, she could
she made pointy forcefields and accelerated them into people
she couldn't make em inside other folks though
i'm confused, marg
i'm saying that she could make sharp forcefields that move prior to 2nd trigger
I dunno for sure
I'd say DC 4, lowest of Ath / Guts unless Endure skill, increases by 1 every check, just for the heck of it
o/
Oh?
Instead of what?
"That repulsive little man"?
Ah, fair. I'll rectify that in the logs.
Reasonable.
I have so many logs to clean and upload
Slacked the past two days, as I was recuperating from jetlag
Still am, more than likely
Tomorrow in 3-ish hours is fundraiser, ne?
_in
i'm just eating rats
lov that cronch
Oh cool. Werewolf bot.
Good going Vern
Let teller know I'm going out to eat some McDonalds
To truly get in character for Schuyler
I won't know you're there :(
It's cause Alex wanted me to get some at the end of last session
Hey Tell
Just picked up some McDs, so I'm super in-character
I'll bring some back for Abby
Maybe she'll let you have a chicken nugget.
Oh, misread as Vern
Verminator, Verminion, Vermin Supreme
I need to go take a shower. I'm not crying.
i feel filthy
i can't wash gungnir's blood of my hands IRL man
i was too IC for this session
and now i'm just fucking ruined
I didn't want to be nice to Gungnir
I suckered Michael in because he was a tool
Gungnir was a decent dude who didn't deserve to be in the trash fire that is the Keepers
god, i feel awful
Schuyler would have straight up tried to kill himself if Hoagie didn't nudge him in a different direction, tbh
Man, sorry, Thal
Fidler sessions have nothing on this
I'm going to go clear out my liquor cabinet
Cogo, what's Gungnir's favorite drink
I'm going to pour one out for him
That was... a very Worm way to end a character arc
Those lyrics are remarkably apt, in the context of Schuyler's general character
Regent's best friend
hahahaha
No, that's a different phrase entirely
I'm not sure if I'll be able to RP Schuyler fully in-character anymore
Yeah, I don't know if I can sit down and drag myself back to that headspace
Out of curiosity, Cogo, I saw you had two favors remaining
What was the first one they called in?
Oh, huh
The story starts finding its central narrative once Mendez becomes a PC, I feel
The early arcs were my first work in both the online RP and writing sense, so they falter a lot in terms of presenting a coherent/satisfying narrative
Cleveland is only what it is today because of the players that helped contribute. It's  clunky in a lot of places, and makes a lot of narrative calls that I would cringe away from nowadays, but it was my first crack at a WD campaign and I'm happy with what it is.
I'm looking forward to putting it to rest at last, and I'm hoping that I'll be able to offer a somewhat satisfactory conclusion, if not to each and every one of the PCs, then to the city itself. This batch of entrants is going to be the last.
Mm. The only reason I divide logs like that is because they're roughly one session cycle.
Yeah. It was when I ran a lot of OOC campaigns for an IRL batch of applicants.
I like the thought of writing epilogues.
Thanks for bringing it to mind, Faust.
I better get some rest.
Thanks for the session, Teller.
You monster.
You absolute motherfricker.
I'm going to wake up with an unshakeable sense of guilt.
Dunno what you mean by 2.0, Fir.
Hmm. Don't recall, honestly.
Summer 2015 was kind of a grim time for me, so I turned to running a lot of WD sessions. Near the end of it, things were pretty awful, so I tried to do more, make more campaigns, ended up stretching myself too thin, and then calling it quits because I lost a lot of narrative direction when things fell apart. Then I tried to get back into things with IRL
players, but a lot of them dropped out and so I resumed on IRC.
I don't think I have the processing power to simulate a years-long timeskip.
Let alone months.
Night, everyone
 Mornin'
Sure did
Didn't expect it
Six hours and fifty minutes
's an okay amount.
Woke up because GF was going to work and one of the cats was making puking sounds on the carpet
There was, to my delight, no puke at all
Still haunted by Gungnir though
A log on the pyre of Schuyler being a generally shitty dude
someone slip me the logs so i can call mish a jackdick
I, uh, dunno that's a healthy solution, cogo
For context, was this with respect to that one flaw?
Uhh, the locked in one?
Hey Fundraiser Folks
Gird Yourselves
It's gunpowder and gelatine
I'll be starting things off with Nick
Cleaning my car out atm
I've finally reached that level ; - ;
I'll be sad when the day I die comes, Non
Presumably very sad, up until I am dead and unable to be sad, unless it is a surprise
That was the game plan, haha
Ballista where
Oh god
I hope seachange doesn't find it
Where's Firlz coming in to Sicol Bend with the malpractice suit
Inshallah.
I didn't think it was especially hammy. as Weaver dice death scenes go, it was one of the better
for the guy who rolled to life perks, I think Schuyler is my most flawed character.
two
Morning, pheasants
I can start in 15m.
I'll need to take a break somewhere in between to run a 45m~1hr errand but I'm gonna try and get Mega's stuff done all the way, since all Mendez is doing is prep and laying groundwork
everything I do for Weaver days is just waiting for the day where CG finally gets the Kendrick Lamar trigger
*dice
that's the ideal life, bow.
i'm keeping it in the pocket as a draft option further down the line.
and he'll pay through the nose, dammit!
I believe it
Is that how many dalmatians you've had killed
Just plopped out a big chunk of text
Let me know if you need me to repost anything, Nick|Freddy 
o7
Hey Somecrazyguy, are you here?
Just letting you know that you're cleared for active patrol as of 12/12/09.
Oh, whoops!
Fixed it.
The rats can pass the butter.
One hundred funny quotes?
Oh, haha
Sure
There are probably only 100 funny quotes out of the 546, though.
I think the one where Cwn gets stabbed in the butt is your masterpiece.
power perceptions might be closer to the mark.
She loses perception of the bugs that are near Mantellum, IIRC.
Gotta use !search. Also, should use #BlushyPlayground.
Me, I guess.
What's the channel limit right now, 40? 50?
Also, hi, rumpler.
Is 45 rn. Hoping to bump it up to 60.
mfw thalia is grounded and can't make it to the fundraiser
Is there a "wild" bow quality?
I posted that it was on pause in there, didn't I?
This is mostly freddy's session
I'm packing / unpacking some stuff. It's taking a while.
I would heap on power flaws as shard reputation falls below a certain threshold.
after a certain point, I'm sure the shard just wants you dead and is actively trying to get you killed
I like that floor, actually you can do good things with it.
flaw
Invictus had it, and it informed one of his most powerful character traits
on a similar topic, what do you think is the best flaw?
By and large flaws are better than perks.
It's our weaknesses that define us more than our strengths, IMO.
Hey Nick|Freddy, I'm back. Sorry that took so dang long.
Maximillian Darnell is no gourmand.
Although tbh, calling panna cotta milk jell-o is... kind of fair.
Oh, are you one of lysa's players, Flash?
IIRC.
I think SCG used to live in Baltimore, too.
Can we go back to Ravel and her goony followers who pee on cars?
Sicol is getting too heavy.
That's why TGK was busy, Fir
He did not. Dodger's participation was a sensitive issue.
Only the capes privy to Dodger's civ identity participated.
Ah, gotcha.
There are sniper rules in the old gear manual.
They're probably outdated.
Steve isn't really the sort of kid who's gunning for an "In the Know" badge, Cogo
Nah. Just pulled them off the top of my head
She's receiving a stern talking-to.
 The Elitnaya send their regards.
I usually write a lot less.
Oh hey, I went to Squirrel Hill not too long ago
There's a good noodle place there
Hey, Turco
Pittsburgh is slated to get a department in 2012 or so
You should have someone laying the groundwork for that
With the expectation that they'll be promoted to Director once they get a full-fledged department
You went to school in Chicago, right?
Yeah, sounds about right
Haha, sorry. I'm starting to get into his head.
I might have ballparked the class sizes wrong on this one, but it's in the parentheticals so it's OK.
Could be bigger, probably.
I've just gone to small high schools, m'self, so my sense of scale is skewed.
Mmm. East Tech is a tech school.
That might be a contributing factor.
Their policies make it a little easier for Wards to come and go.
Mmm, gotcha
Oh man. I totally forgot about that episode.
 Gee I dunno if I've watched enough sports anime to write this scene
I want you to know that I spent a while reading basketball rules for this
Yeah. Tuzi is just a nice mr psychiatrist now.
I think he means that you can assist him.
That's what being an assistant means, and he was hoping to clarify.
The former
Guts DC 4 to stay conscious
Make the check again when you get another wound
DC goes up for each wound in excess
You monster ; - ;
I loved her
We're both monsters now.
There's a cruel, cruel irony in that
Helicopter Rat
Somewhere in the world, a young child wistfully says, "I wish I had the power to make giant rat friends."
"Hey, I got here late. Is there still any food left?"
move the jojos to a jojos room
my heart hurts for young freddy :'(
Before you go, thanks, Nick
I didn't know how you were going to react, but I knew it was going to be great
And you exceeded my expectations
I'm happy that I've been able to squeeze in more session whammies lately
Having a hard time weighing which is better, out of this or Cwn's defection to the PRT
Cantus has more lethal things after him than Dodger's foolishness, tbh
Dodger's foolishness will have to get in line
I think AQ confessed to her mom?
Not 100% sure
You must
Before it's too late
PM me that crackpot theory
That's also true
The ideal method, tbh.
Oh man, that's great
I'm gonna have to link that to young Freddy tomorrow
She got -really- sad
By definition, yes!
Nope, you're a phone now, Thal
Director "Kill Order"
10 capes is a little on the low side for a city with a numbered department, IIRC?
Although I dunno how big Jacksonville is, tho
1996
Sorry 'bout that, Kura. Shoulda looked before I clicked. :P
Oh, yeah! I'm free now! Thanks for reminding me
Hmm. Wonder who I should run next.
Will be resuming his session in roughly 10 hrs
Thank ya!
Teller, nooo
Firlz reminded me that I can almost declassify Longinus logs
Still spoilers in there atm, though
Phew. So much to do. Logs to clean. Logs to upload. Apps to check
I'll do the applications, methinks.
Yay, apps sorted. Wasn't as bad as I thought.
Still, there's a backlog of 30-something uncleaned / unuploaded sessions. Yikes
I had gone over them beforehand and read the logs, just hadn't deliberated on the scoring
Scores are up on the player info doc, and I'll do the lottery thingy mid-Feb
For the record, Lurks, I liked your stuff a good deal and gave you props for running Miller's Creek, but you're in a bajillion campaigns rn. :p
Don't you mean Scraggy penalty?
Vile propaganda
!search toxin
Those steaks were mighty fine
Hopefully it'll still be a thing that happens once you're older, Lurks
Will you be up for meeting us in Atlanta sometime in March or April, Cogo?
I think the gameplan is to enjoy Six Flags, but there's other stuff that could be done. Could be a day trip or a weekend trip, depending on finances
And scheduling
Sort of an unofficial one, Flash. Me, ColdGold, and another member of this chat, SCG, decided to hang out in Florida. We all traveled a good distance and we had a good time
But maybe it's what sows the seeds for a legit one
I'll attend your Wormcon, Thal ; - ;
You should have gone, man
This time I can drive down rather than fly down, if I have enough advance warning, which means that I could pick up other attendees who can't fly all the way down to Orlando but would be OK flying down to Birmingham or Atlanta
Well, up to 3. My car is only so big
We talked so much about how Schuyler and Gungnir were going to be best buds
; - ;
I have broken the blood oath
look at me now
with my empire of durt
lol, durt
i'm keeping that typo
Not sure what you mean, Dic
*Div
IRL it's pretty bad.
Ah, it is not
It is for the final leg of the race
Wait, why would you apply if you were already in
You flummoxed me there for a sdcond
It's an optional question, don't worry
Only the ones with red asterisks are needed
It's all good
lol, mish asked me the same thing
Bakuda best girl
devastating
agreed, cogo
<Anti> "I got this great application... I wonder who they are."
wait, is the name bit not there anymore?
i thought i put it in
D:
it's the first question on my screen at least
i dunno what's wrong
aaaaaaaa
ääää
it hurt my feelings :'(
banned! banned for life
?
I generally ask my cauldron chars the broad strokes of the vial they want, and give them a handful to choose from
sup, me
*meg
Fidler blew herself up in her power suit, killing hundreds of children.
One sec, lemme get the logs
yeah, her failsafe clone is being reconstituted in the only simulacrum vat in longinus's base that lilith didn't destroy
Gee, I wonder where Zene is
Haven't seen her in a few days
Oh, yeach
*yeach
*yeah
>.>
Christmas was a thing
Yo, Cogo
Who should I cosplay for Wormcon 2017
Either, tbh
Hrm, I'm in the same boat, Cogo
Lol, Yamana
I'll cosplay Yamana but SCG has to buy me some cocaine to complete the look
OK, Puck cosplay complete!
I don't think I have any Asian PCs besides Cody, haha
And Cody is literally just me with a shittier personality and a different wardrobe
dick out for WD17
*WC17
I really like seeing Cody just get fucked over
It's cathartic
Because I'm seeing the shittiest parts of me magnified and then pummeled to death by a bunch of Iranian gangsters
Ugh
I could clean logs or I could watch Boondocks again
Hrm
I can't put it on my TV and work on logs at the same time
Wait, this is a perfect time to use my crappy older laptop
It's Thal, what did you expect
Perks, Mish?
I got HQ and Attractive, IIRC
Gahahaha
I love you, Nick
Man, imagine if Freddy just turned around and memed on him
"Bonjour........ mon ami"
"Hon hon hon"
Make a Wink Rat, Freddy
Make it memorize the memes and have those be the only things it can say
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 269)
Two-ish years, IIRC
Hey Faust
Good application
you're not on the waiting list, jack
haven't received an application from you
Yeah
Oh, someone stole my "face scraped against the pavement in a moving car" trigger
; - ;
Rumpelstiltskin made this face
Holy shit
What a headline
aaaAAAaaaAAAaaaAAAaa
NP, sorry I had to cut it short
Absolute Territory trump is the first thing that comes to mind
Lol, just remembered what that term is slang for
Not what I mean in this case but you get the point
HAven't seen/read it
Oh, gotcha!
Just figured you'd be one of the folks who would be interested in the Cleveland application I opened up two or so days ago
You were Duck Queen all along, Thal?!
Duck Queen x Rat King OTP
Nuh uh.
Worse, even.
3 hours of sleep, and a slight hangover to boot.
Luckily Nick's busy today anyways.
I'm gonna take it easy on the RP for a little bit.
At least 'til I get new glasses
Yo, Megs.
Just as I say I want to cut down the RP, I still need to schedule a brief snippet with you, backfilled prior to the fundraiser.
Cremator wants to talk, after getting his head unfoamed so he can drink water.
Nah. One friend got dumped, we hung out and drank, had to drive another friend to the airport at 4 AM.
Feel kinda ragged. Good vacation, but not a relaxing one.
Yeah. Got back from a week in Japan five days ago.
Since then I've been scrambling to deal with stuff that piled up in my absence, as well as fighting jet lag.
Time management not so great with me sinking whole days into Weaver Dice, but dammit, I was in withdrawal.
Pretty brutal on the eyes/brain, though. Definitely need a new eyeglass prescription.
And maybe a computer program that makes the screen more tolerable to look at for long stretches of time.
If that's a thing.
I think ColdGold mentioned one to me a while back and it slipped my mind?
Lowest, usually.
Primus is picking up some new capes, actually.
What's that?
Oh hey, Snippy
Oh! Heyo, Tell
I missed you coming in
Antibirth is out?
Or just OST?
Woo, all applications graded and processed for Cleveland.
I'll close 'em early if the last three slots on my form fill up, but I'm doing the actual dice rolls on Feb 15.
Faust and irid really touched on some things that really resonated with me as a GM, as did Zene
Aye. Bottom of Cleveland info page.
Zene got newbie points and also gratitude points for helping me proofread the old Cleveland logs.
Also a really solid showing in Lincoln.
bah! mind if I give you edit rights, mega, and fix some of the fucked up links?
Not to the best of my knowledge, Bow
That's a solid 'no' from me, Mish.
It's not as close as Mish says it, I think?
The only similarity is the top-down battlefield view / through the eyes of mooks view and command bonus.
Mmm. don't remember what sort of trigger leads to a scan Thinker
'tisn't this sort of one, is it?
Broad area scan on people with search parameters chosen from a pool of (mostly social) criteria, with varying abilities (mostly offensive?) to draw from, more effective on the folks who match that criteria was my initial thought
Friendly fire Thinker sounds cool.
33, iirc?
I feel like rube goldberg thinker sorta thing is a path that's been treaded enough times already, too
Huh. Based on the results of the roll I would have though you were going to fuckin' do it.
Way to ignore the dice, man.
Bad form.
I've lost a lot of respect for you.
Happy NYE, folks.
Hey, soulpelt| 
Would you rather have Saff or Thalia as a subordinate
A solid 40% of Mega's crew are ticking time bombs.
You know that thing Bow said about organizations without Cauldron capes in them inevitably collapsing, yeah?
Too bad you gave Sentinel the boot
C53s don't really count :p
Ehh, it was a Reddit thing somewhere, IIRC.
Here 'tis
It's a question as to what kind of damage you want the PRT to suffer, I suppose
Poor Fidlermom.
Thalia is a lying liar who lies.
Roger that
And thanks, Mish
Good luck with Grindylow, I hope you find him soon and kill him
I still consult him on the actions of two NPCs.
TGK being one of them.
Yeah. Nobody bothered to check.
RIP.
Duck Queen ripped out his intestines.
They're savage creatures.
Revenge.
To be clear, I am lying.
Nah, that's stupid
That's why I said it was stupid, to be clear
12:40 <FossilLord> Hmmm how do I get modded?
Nomination by an existing mod and majority vote of confidence, when there is a vacancy.
For the dead ones, yeah, Mari.
Salute emoticon
Cleveland started in mid August. It's currently at mid December.
The timeskip was from the end of August to mid October.
We are definitely in December.
The 12th of December, actually.
No.
I dunno where you're getting 14 from, honestly
If you want to ignore meatspace time for post-timeskip, then it's around Nov. 18 that things start back up.
3 days prior to the fundraiser.
I feel like I get a lot of complains about Cleveland being too slow.
*complaints
Doesn't Kaiba literally try to kill himself?
Sure thing. Link me and I'll look tomorrow? Kind of sleep deprived.
But yeah, I'm really tired of people bitching about the fact that one arc of Cleveland is roughly equitable to 24 hours of in-game time.
It's your own faults for doing stupid shit.
i'm happy with all of my players doing stupid shit and making the campaign really time dense, honestly.
i'm just unhappy with the fact that some people think that it's a bad thing
The entirety of the Brockton Bay stuff up to Echidna was within the span of months, you know.
taking notes helps
it's not like I wouldn't be hearing the same complaints about forgetting something that might've happened a week ago, in a campaign with a less narrow time scope.
yeah, because if you join my campaign and then flake out I'll fly over to wherever you live in break your sternum with my knee
not my actual human knee, mind you, but actually the big ass hunk of metal and machinery that I've been working on for my prosthetic knee thesis.
I went to bed at 8 PM yesterday and woke up at 3 AM this morning. I'm still very tired and displeased with my sleep schedule.
That's because if I do noncontiguous sessions you bitch about wanting your character to do stuff, and you don't want to do "downtime" stuff while other players are doing "realtime" stuff?
So do you actually have a solution, or are you just complaining?
I'm happy running contiguous sessions, back to back, when exciting stuff happens every day for a player.
The meeting with the Blackguards was four sessions ago.
Think you kind of smushed a lot of things together.
Nope
November 28?
Some can be 2-5
Oh, hey Saff
Hmm.
Hey, MoiraKane.
I thought of another good cape name.
Not for you, just in general.
Diesel Weasel.
Afternoon, Tell
I have some npcs you can use, JL.
What channel's this going to be in?
Won't mind seeing more combat mechanics being put into play.
Thankee.
The rules still say 1d6 + dex + wits + ath mods.
Never bothered with the free turn buggery myself, even in pure combat mechanic testing
With the roll, it felt pretty swingy, not to mention the bookkeeping
I'd be happy to give certain Movers "every X turns you get a free one" but outside of that, I wouldn't bother
Yeah, what Nick said.
Meh.
I wouldn't use it myself.
Don't, as a matter of fact.
In addition to running Cleveland, I've also been performing combat playtesting for a good while, often with Thalia's assistance.
Nah, I mean, it came up in testing before. I decided I didn't like it.
There are logs.
Mm, you got into Cleveland about May 22, IIRC, Nick.
Would be, but I think folding that into the power is the more elegant way to do it.
As it is, I'm OK with determining who gets to react first via initiative, although I'd more treat it as a roll centered around one specific stat depending on the circumstances of the encounter (Awareness? Reflex? Etc.)
But that's about as much as I'll use initiative for, personally.
If you wanted it available to normals, I think that adding it as a feature in the 'Reflex' skill or whatever could be alright.
Yay, compromise.
Zoup time!
Wait, no.
Zoup! time!
Sorry, Nick said "Soup time" in Pueblo.
Didn't mean to make a whole affair out of it.
"After thinking he's hot shit, Redline cools off and realizes he's just shit."
I'd feel sorry for him, but Cogo did an awesome job of making him a very hateable character.
To the best of my knowledge, called shots got phased out with the old rulebook, but I don't actually recall if that's the case.
You're here now, Words.
I think I could do a character like that as an NPC, but as a PC it might get tiring or flanderized.
I think it needs a certain kind of person with a significant enough measure of faith or belief in the fantastic to pull that off.
I could see a very well-done Ward or young cape with "eighth grader syndrome", but I don't think I could do that myself.
!addquote This is a toll bridge. The toll for crossing the bridge is one goat per goat.
I mean, still a pretty good quote.
Latin verb, "I drench", "I soak through", I think.
Latin's not my strong suit.
OK, they make things that manipulate kinetic energy.
What kind of things are they?
Do they have a special item as their focus like Armsmaster's halberd, or a broad mix of available tools?
How predictable is the tech? Is what they intend on making what they get?
Are they themselves aware of their specialty?
Are they more suited for combat or utility?
Are vehicles within their scope of their Tinkering? Are large scale projects like a tower, secret lair, etc.?
I'd say either Hyperspec or Heirloom as methodology, then, and Kineticist as specialization.
From then you can draw up a table where list A includes the sniper rifle, a bodysuit with kinetic dampening, the jetpack, with mix-and-match list B slots of patterns that can inform the diversity of the list A options (e.g. Pulse, Drag, Slam) and minor junk in list C like trinkets, workstations, and grenades.
One focus item with a variety of support options for it.
Mhm.
Here's a Tinker Table to help give you an idea of what list B options might look like
Well done.
I have a few folks I need to run before that.
Thal is the most knowledgeable person here on the topic of radiation, I think.
Is being immortal a flaw?
I mean, getting submerged in a concrete barrel and then being dropped in the ocean is worse than death, so surely it must be.
Is being super-popular and well-liked a flaw? I mean, if you're antisocial and hate attention then it's terrible, so that's clearly a flaw too.
Good thing with qualifiers that make it bad does not a flaw make, Foss.
Also, you're taking a "flaw" and pointing out the cons while completely ignoring the fact that the pros outweigh the cons.
Faust makes a good point.
House of Cards would be great for that Kendrick Lamar trigger ColdGold is gunning for.
Say, Teller, I have a quick question for you.
When you're running something in #Other, how much background do you give your player?
Hmm, okay.
I might well do something like that soonish.
Nick, you free to resume?
If Nick's around and ready, ping me? Gonna work on some other stuff for the time being.
Thanks.
Awesome. Let's boogie.
Testing, testing.
OK, think I'm on and ready. You ready, Nick?
Heya Saff.
The ticket scoring method was a little different, last time around, Nick.
It was a lotto last time too, just that this time I assigned tickets differently.
This time I made allotments to give bonuses to people who were GMing a campaign, as well as penalties for people who were playing in a large number of campaigns.
Oh, Megafire.
I want you to know that Cantus Aureus did attend the fundraiser, just in his civilian identity.
Nope.
It's the numerical magnitude of the bad smell that Slither may or may not notice, AKA "Dank Stench".
I have to admit, I'm really enjoying making slightly non-sequitur phrases for the rats to say.
@ megafire
let me know if you want the part with the knives and stabbing and felonies
Oh, on the subject of Deep-Six's costume, I meant to ask -- you said it was civil-war era, but was it specified if it was Union or Confederate?
Given his ideals of racial unity, I imagine it's Union, but I could be wrong.
Thanks.
I hope I get to live long enough to try one of my half-cocked plans for killing Deep-Six.
I've made some headway with session logs. The entirety of Arc 16 has been cleaned and logged. I'm moving on to Arc 17 now.
Mmm, I take that back. I still need to add Freeman's psych sessions to Arc 16.
Remind me again what was covered in that discussion?
I can look for it.
Thanks. I've put a lot of love into my NPCs. It's nice to see them grow along with the narrative.
Benjamin "Ripped Apart" McGee.
Ginyu Force Khandhas.
Too bad he can't gattai
OK, -now- Cleveland logs for Arc 16 are all the way done.
It has the record for most words per arc and highest average words per session out of all the arcs.
Once I get Arcs 17 and parts of 18 done, I get the feeling we'll break 750k. Good job folks.
There we go, I think I fixed it.
Worm is almost 2 million, lol.
Cleveland's not gonna get close.
Cleveland's about 3/4 of the way done, so it's not gonna happen
Then I can move on to my next projects.
I think I'll run a small Pact Dice game before I do my next WD one.
I was thinking of having three or four specific players for the small Pact Dice campaign, since it would be more freeform.
You were one of the players I had in mind, Thal.
True normies, or witch hunters, or blackguards?
Pink and Teller, actually, Firlz.
Don't worry, Nick. Your playstyle scratches a particular GM itch such that I'm pretty sure I always want to either you or Saff in one of my WD campaigns.
I think you're well-suited as a player/participant in one of those Dawn of Worlds / Microscope-type games, pelt.
I peg you more as one of those 'Tomb of Horrors' type players, Firlz.
Yeah, the module is the one I'm thinking about.
Games where mechanical crunch and methodological play take the forefront, in essence
Maybe procedural is a better word.
Maybe after my test run, Mari. I mentioned those three because I'm very familiar with their playstyles and think they're really suitable for the Pactverse, making things smoother where the lack of a system would otherwise prove difficult.
Nah, it was me, Ace, lysa, and spud, I think.
Here's what exists.
Nah, Thalia was just misremembering.
It's nice that even in their internal monologues, everyone who interacts with TGK refers to him by his civilian name most of the time.
Except for Mendez. Bah.
I'm glad, because TGK's the sort of guy who -wants- people to think of him as his civilian name.
You can always make one up. I made one up for you so it's only fair.
A bat is just a rat with wings.
Rat-a-tat Rat sounds like a good cape name.
Eva, can I stack Rod's sad-ass dork cats in a cave?
Max's oldest son is 22, which means that he's probably in his early to mid fifties.
I'm pretty sure there's a soft ceiling around 30.
IIRC, it's referenced in the Dark Society case file.
I generally consider it bad form to use a GM quote rather than a player quote for the session headliner, but it's hard to turn down "You have traumatized your son to the point where he developed superpowers. Congratulations." as a candidate.
Ah, man, yeah. That was a good one.
Wha?! No constant suffering?
Booooo.
Nah. The most important part of the rat is the intestines.
Fry 'em up in a skillet with some spices.
Rat scrapple.
Mm-mm. 
Can confirm that fire will pop Khandhas.
Pretty sure it came up in the vs. Witchhunt session, though Maleficarum's fire was esoteric enough that it could be brought into question.
That and "Gruh," are the default Buff Rat phrases.
The Sly Rat defaults to "Nyehehehe," and a silent but larcenous nose twitching.
Nope. That's the tier 2 Sly Rat.
And it's a one-fingered twirl that's somewhat unconvincing.
You'll want the Soc/Dex Tier 3 rat, the Vizier Rat.
It does not.
the boohoo queen of sicol bend
What about the baking-oriented Pie Rat?
!addquote 
<tubes|Slither> a blu blu my name's nate schyluer, i've got a plan for everything, except for all these pre teens and teenagers running around my base bullying me
!addquote <tubes|Slither> a blu blu my name's nate schyluer, i've got a plan for everything, except for all these pre teens and teenagers running around my base bullying me
Which one of your schemes would you call a Tier 4, Bel?
Hey Cogo.
Cleveland has been fun today. You might like the logs.
Room 1006.
No problem. I had a blast.
Will you share your ones to meeeeeee?
Needs some tidying, but 'tis there.
I mean, I can't contest it. He's right on all accounts.
Yay. Arc 17 is cleaned and up.
You know, I don't think you've spelled Schuyler right this whole session.
It's hurtful.
A blu blu blu.
Fiddled with the word count statistics for Cleveland. It's a little messy, but it's cool to see how things have progressed.
I like Katja's power. It reminds me of something I can't quite put my finger on.
Whew. Looking at the logs, we're close to the end.
I only planned on having 21 arcs in total.
As things near the end, Thal, players throwing themselves headlong into the chaos will likely get more than one session per arc.
I expect the campaign to come to a head sometime in the vicinity of Christmas or New Year's Day, if not earlier.
Also, definitely, Bow. I'm figuring out how I want to approach the mini-campaign as a trial run, but I'm taking my time with it.
Yeah, the 12th. There will be something of a timeskip, as I assume you don't want to deal with the complications of joining the Wards in-session.
Yeah, it was a quieter time.
And scheduling in the future would be tougher for you, because school starting back?
I think that Khandhas will play a crucial role in the end of Arc 18, although I'm not sure if he will help or make things worse.
Morn'
I was working on this a little yesterday too, Mega.
It might be interesting for you.
Logs are clean (ish) up to Arc 17, btw.
I haven't looked yet, actually
There's a lot of stuff to comb through
Accidentally gave Mega full access to all of the secret sessions when I gave him the ability to correct typos in the Cleveland logs.
wew
I hope he didn't notice.
Thank goodness.
There are too many secrets that need to be uncovered legitimately.
Fights can be quick, but they get exponentially longer with more participants.
Especially if you narrate the combat.
Handling pure mechanical combat can be pretty quick if both parties know what they're doing.
Nah.
I'll help with the PC gen.
We'll need 3-4 players, ideally.
Once you have them, hop into #Gamedesign and I'll walk you through the process.
I think you'd like Pact, Nick. Give chargen a whirl and see if it catches your fances.
*fancy.
Your call, Mar.
Whatever's within your comfort zone.
It's one of the old skills, so it's kind of ambiguous, but I only use it for unarmed combat.
Mmm, burgundy wine sauce
I wanted to make beef bourguignon but I drank the wine ; - ;
Oh, Cogo, did you see all the logs I cleaned?
We're getting really close to the end.
Oh, and did you see the wordcount thing?
You're winning average words per session by a long shot.
I had a lot of fun breaking things down by stats
It really shows me how much things have changed
hey scrug
never fam
huhu
I hope that Ignatius guy falls in a deep pit.
He's a bad dude, all around.
Good luck with the plumbing problem, Non.
Tomorrow, you say?
I think it's doable.
Any particular time you prefer?
Heyo, Tell
Cool to see you folks having fun with the pact thing.
G'luck.
If Bow comes around, lemme know what he thinks.
I need a bit of a refresher, Cogo, but I think I have my general idea hammered out.
Behold, the power of my stand! 「ALL-STAR」
seabiscuit
Yeah, I saw the Command designations as "these are my lieutenants".
The mooks you care enough about to know their names.
I know the names of all your squaddies.
Even the new ones.
I also know their families and personalities and hopes and dreams.
You monster.
Lt. Isaiah Grant, Sq. Thomas Leighty, Sq. Laura Mulaney, Sq. Joshua Pruit, Sq. Rook Alston are the new squaddies, btw.
*Pruitt
Twas the plan, but we both got busy.
There's gonna be a post-arc-18 timeskip to get the newcomers field-ready.
!search a blu blu
No and yes respectively
Oh, I did this a while back
villains not done
Downsize has a really good power.
Quickdraw by affiliation with the People.
Longinus by virtue of conspiracy theories.
Jetstream's background. Quickdraw got TGK out of a pinch, which he was publicly grateful for.
i forgot about the wink memes.
Oh, did you see Quickdraw's tech in use by TGK in Freddy's most recent session?
*choo*
He patrols the most out of the People.
@ Dol|mobile
17:24 <Antioch|GM> He walks over to one of the machines on the wall and works the terminal for a brief second, spider-like appendages from his backpack doing the typing for him. A shutter on the device slides open and expels a rolling chair with a tiny choo sound.
*choo* should be in italics.
Who are Mendez's favorite capes?
Like, top 3.
Poor Sirocco. He gives you undying devotion and you spit in his face.
The boy cries you a sweater of tears.
I'm going to have a not-really-an-arc where the Wards and Protectorate have the opportunity to spar under controlled circumstances, I think.
Woo, combat mechanics.
Take this! My love, my anger, and all of my sorrow!
Woo, Pact Dice is happening. Exciting times are afoot.
It's in #PactDiceEspoire.
I imagine that an act of blatant disrespect from an unawakened individual in the demesne of a practitioner with forty or fifty years under their belt doesn't go unnoticed.
I wonder if the folks with a good eye for connections would notice Foss's Past Crimes flaw.
I'm using them to inform a setting and a general town dynamic, Ace.
There was an old pact dice game?
Oh yeah.
I didn't realize there was actually a session. I made a character but didn't play.
Master sheet?
I'm glad you caught that, ColdGold.
I was going to act on it.
Now your brother doesn't have to die a meaningless death, leaving many undiscovered secrets in his wake.
Also, Nick|Mathieu's "He stops himself from adding 'enchanté,' because he isn't, really."
Savage yet refined. Kudos.
I'm running a few errands -- getting this upcoming school semester squared away and getting a haircut
But I'll be good in two or so hours.
Have you seen how long it's gotten, Dol?
I haven't cut it since then.
It's kind of awful. My bangs are all over the place and I've been needing to use hair ties and bobby pins.
My hair is tied back and I look like a fucking goon.
Harsh
you scoundrels
is this a knock knock open up the door it's real sort of trigger?
mmm. warp shackles.
that's a fun one.
[ <ColdGold|GM> ColdGold ... 10:15 PM ((Wits check please Anti)) 10:17 PM A<Anti - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
Thanks
Hey Teller
Getting a haircut atm, but I'd like to chat Sicol with you at some point today.
red rover
rend light
ready, ColdGold|GM, Nonagon
that's seedot
[ <ColdGold|GM> ColdGold ... 10:15 PM ((Wits check please Anti)) 10:17 PM A<Anti - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
Ahh.
Good shit
A+ session Cogo.
Gimme like 20 mins to go out and buy some cookies and booze.
Mo the merrier
Cookie and coconut rum.
Drivin' back.
9 adds newvie?
kk, makes sense.
Ready.
Do we need to legacy in a cape or roll one or something?
DYSON STREET DRIPS
It doesn't really matter
You're just using that character to inform your draft and the direction you're taking
With the setting gen
YEEE
My boy
What? No
I have barely any legacies
The only legacy I have is actually Runaway from Berlin.
No. Jiangjun has had screentime.
This guy got a single line mention in Cleveland and then left because Lilith died.
Peter got a lot of screentime.
He's still in Cleveland.
That's Malcolm.
smdh.
shakes my damn head
"We also have Coffin, who prefers his civilian identity. Personal reasons, though I'm unaware of the details. Darius Bradford, in any case. A prolific hitman and murderer, more than seven kill-ordered capes dead by his hand. Teleportation, superhuman reflexes, a pocket storage dimension, and other aspects of his power that I'm not particularly cognizant of."
-- Absynthesis to Artful Dodger, regarding independents for hire in Cleveland, 16.3
The guy who you said was like a better Circus, IIRC.
He ain't doe
ROFLcopter is still in town.
Welcome back, Tell
I love that Grand Spiral Labyrinth thingy
That's String Theory fam
I like the Red Cleaver Axecalibur weapon.
It reminds me of the recent 1000 Celsius Knife meme.
gnight
gundam, big o, evaq
*eva
TTGL mebbe.
this bluray collection of mine burns with an awesome power
Afternoon, Tell
he sniff
*hey
lol
Sure, in conjunction with the werewolf thing
Kink intersectionality
Sorry, man. I can't be seen associating with toxic members of the community like you.
They'll be able to smell the taint on my soul.
It corrodes me, even now.
Thal, what's your schedule like in the nearish future
Ehh, idk, a week or two
I'm wanting to run something in #other to help me nail down some worldbuilding/story elements for something I'm writing
I'm not quite done laying the groundwork
Yeah, Cog
Gonna try and get one player per faction
Just to see what I can do for fleshing things out
I can try and put together a little session doc today.
An #other campaign of a sci-fi bent, Pink.
Not meant to be an RPG in and of itself, but to provide fodder for something I'm writing and play off of what's already there, I guess?
I'm not sure how well it'll work, but the volume of my writing as a GM vastly outstrips the volume of my general writing, so it's worth a try.
sessssions
Resolving a mostly OOG thing with Spelt, Bow, Mega, Non, then once that stuff is done, SCG, Saff. Might need Cogo again for round two, since he's been the eye of the storm for this arc. Then a possible small timeskip.
Seven Minutes In The Salt Mines
Nope. You have to diet now.
Well, SCG does.
Cwn doesn't.
To the same extent.
Like flocks to like
Who would you call the sad sacks of Sicol, Tell?
Flair, Slither, Caul?
Candela can only get sadder from here
Mm, bit off topic for this channel. We've got games ongoing.
Here's what's known about the setting / characters thus far, as a result of the draft and gen, Firlz.
There's a session, but I didn't log it.
Or pursue personal goals, like the elimination of a particular demon, vengeance on a family that's slighted you in the past, so on and so forth.
It's Scottish for "to shrivel up, to wither away".
Now you do. It's also a surname.
I'd recommend you take look at existing campaigns.
Mebbe take it to #Pact?
This is the WD channel, after all.
I am making the loaded assumption that tubes has Guts 3.
Kinda sad that Plower didn't just Kool-Aid his way through the wall.
!search toxin
All I really need to say tbh.
Is Gaebolg armored?
Man, I'm not even GMing you and you're a pain in the tuckus.
This whole line of discussion is kinda obnoxious, honestly. Just do what you're gonna do and let the GM settle the rolls.
Given that you're explicitly trying to do stuff that isn't covered in the rulebook yet.
It's a legacy thing, I think, irid.
Also might could use a $used trigger, too.
I wanna try and save the new and fresh ones for legit games.
I assume Tell didn't mean for Cassette to inflict a moderate bash.
Nah, she uses those weighted lead rings that batters use for swing practice and puts them on her baton.
Does Cassette's hugging prowess give her pips in Grapple? If so, how many?
Grapple 6. Your grapples grant morale buffs.
Going to bed. Good night, everyone.
Good luck, Caul.
I figured out what sort of implement I'd go for.
Thal Al
What do you guys have?
An implement that comes part and parcel with an implication of weakness. A single step removed from a crutch.
I think cast-iron skillet is the way to go, personally.
Lol, no way. Not even if tech worked.
Bel, you have an eye for implement symbolism. Can you see where I'm coming from with the skillet pick?
Nah man.
Magic cornbread.
Nourishment, sustenance. A meal for a meal's sake.
Hospitality, in a sense.
An acceptable blunt instrument when the dinner guests get too stroppy.
Yeah. If I had to be a practitioner (given the choice I'd step away) I'd pick the skillet, start a soup kitchen, make the kitchen my demesne.
A Calcifer familiar is just gravy.
The scissor and thread pick is interesting, Scrags.
Worth emphasizing that the spool of thread is finite.
Not spindle and shears like the standard Fates.
Well, then it'd be scissor and spool
Here you're ascribing power to the thread itself
Not saying it's a bad thing. It's powerful, but every cut you measure and take is something that you have to weigh against the future.
Also scissor and thread rather than needle and thread, which is interesting.
Severing connections over creating them.
I wouldn't want to deal with you as a practitioner, yeah.
A clay mug?
I dunno the breadth of your craftiness, Thal.
Though I prolly wouldn't forge a skillet myself, there's something to be said for the rituals already inherent in the maintenance process.
The skillet is seasoned with use. You need to scrape down the carbon with care, rub with linseed oil and bake it in.
An old, well-seasoned skillet outperforms a fresh one by a long shot.
I'm not the guy who gets a seat at the city's council meetings by dint of power.
I'm just there because I'm doing the catering.
d6 or d20, Thal, or something esoteric?
Die of carved bone, of molded plastic, of stone?
Weighted or fair?
A single die, or a set?
Two-faced coin was an interesting thought I had last tome we had this discussion.
Oh, Bel's bookshelf would be interesting. Practically a stationary implement.
Tome is pretty well covered in Pact, actually.
There's a writeup and errythang.
All the pages are glued together. There's a hollow for a flask.
I like getting into really niche discussion, like debating the differences between an hourglass and pocketwatch.
Hollowed book-- secrets, concealment, misdirection, spurned knowledge.
You can flip over the hourglass. Short term vs. long term, in a way.
Pact implement discussion.
Going off the rock implement, wondering about, say, an ingot.
Yeah, SCG. I probably couldn't deal.
And break two decades of habit, Thal?
Brutal.
I saw Kingsmen.
Just as a hypothetical.
!addquote [00:23:52] <Antioch> IDGAF about anything on that list really. All I want is my own magical cast-iron skillet.
It's Gathered Pages 2, Marigold.
IDK where you're coming from, irid.
Suede is way better than Black Shrine.
Cleveland is only lethal for those who play it lethal.
Or for the truly foolish.
Almost killed that Offshoot Hops fucked up.
It's an old change.
I'm going to work for Bastard Son.
He'll love me.
On the real, though, I sure hope more Elite come to SR.
Yeah, IIRC.
I think I remember him PMing me something to the effect of "gee, I hope I don't have to kill him".
Who's playing on the lethal level in Cleveland right now?
Cogo, Bow, Non. Spelt to a lesser degree.
In a sense,  although being part of the PRT mitigates a chunk of that.
Nobody really wants to be That Guy Who Killed A Protectorate Cape.
Barring, say, Caitiff or Sigma.
As Fidler? Two sessions.
I had an NPC called Wild Hunt.
Mhm.
Not Thal's.
!search pretzel
I'm going to remarry my ex-husband and have him killed. Dunno if that merits a session.
Nah. He was just a weenis.
I don't even really care about the kids.
It's the principle of the thing, you know?
I take losing custody in the divorce proceedings as a personal affront.
Hey, we know what we want and we get it.
Villains should aspire to our level of dedication and focus.
Sicol's always my log recommendation.
Read it before it gets too long to binge in one sit-down.
Today's Sicol Bend Fact:
The quotes for both sessions #35 and #36A both have characters talking about not wearing pants.
Camtist -- PMing [ATM] " $watch Fulvus " should do the trick.
I assume Myrddin and Doyen helped.
They turned Playpen's rift inside out and tucked it back into wherever it usually goes, is my guess.
Oooh, some cleaned San Raul sessions are up.
Time to indulge myself.
In the interest of one-upmanship, Vern, here's this: goo.gl/1N9xJW
I tried to put a bit more polish on it for presentation, heh.
Well, Vern, is your campaign set in Poland?
If not, I think a lack of polish makes sense.
There should be a Salvage faction (Adhoc) and a Savage faction (can't be arsed to type in Cyrillic).
Intentional, in a way. They're key words to help me categorize and develop the factions in my mind.
Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg?
Yeah.
I tried to do my homework. Hope I haven't bitten off more than I can chew, with a predominantly European setting.
Why have 100 feet when you could have tank treads?
The early bird cucks the worm, tubes.
For my experimental stuff, I generally just hand-pick players that I feel have the right playstyle for the setting and tone I'm trying to convey.
Thal was the only person that really jumped out at me, but I'd be willing to take applications in the form of biographies or character profiles.
Yeah.
I might roll some dice here and there but it's really just a playground for me to fool around and flesh out my session.
Hey, girl's got her priorities in line.
@ tubes -- I've got a few. What are you needing them for?
I think so, but I'm not 100% sure, tubes.
That was a good ending.
Cathartic, almost.
Thanks for having me, Tell.
Schuyler dying has legitimately made me resolve to be a better person.
I feel lighter, in a sense. I put a lot of myself in that character, and now it's been blown up.
Thank you, Tell.
He wouldn't have wanted to, in the end.
Schuyler was a very driven character, with his ambition, pride, and superiority complex. After losing all three, there's no reason to go on.
Him coming up dry for a scheme to decapitate the Wolves, literally trying to improvise and grasp at the sort of machinations he was working on before and failing outright, realizing he didn't have the guts to sell out two people who didn't deserve it for his own life?
At that point, he'd betrayed too much of himself and his principles to recover from.
It was a good end, and I think the session framed it very nicely.
Here lies Nathaniel Schuyler.
By God, he had it coming.
There's no character sheet to burn as per the standard tradition, so I'm struggling to find a suitable symbolic gesture.
Tomorrow I'll go to the drug store, buy a deck of poker cards, build a house of cards, and burn it.
It seems proper.
I think it's really poetic that Schuyler never got the death he was hoping for, a grand gesture that was going to be narratively impactful in his own mind.
No taking out someone major with an explosion, no shaking hands with Deep-Six.
Just being blown up by a drunk and angry teen. There's no justice to it, which in and of itself is a sort of justice.
Well, if he had anyone who was remotely professional, he wouldn't have gotten as far as he did, to be fair.
I'm happy with Schuyler, all in all. I'll be following along in the coming days, to try and find an answer to the question that the Lieutenant ignored.
Good night, everyone. Thanks again for the great session / campaign, Teller.
Good night, Nate Schuyler. May you never get the respect you craved.
Mornin'
I was pretty sad, up until I died.
I can call his death a lot of things, but I dunno if I can call it well played.
Well played in character, maybe.
!search a blu blu
A lot of what happens depends on what Hoagie does when she reads my letter and what the PRT does when they come back to arrest me but find a slightly greasy crater in the middle of the lobby.
Spontaneous combustion.
It depends on how deep into Turbo Jail Abby gets thrown.
Superstition's whole thing is about to go under.
The PRT's in depth investigation may turn up Coy if they look quick enough.
Well, her legs still need maintenance is the thing.
Hey Tell.
Claire gets permasnaked.
When you die as a snake you die in real life.
Nonagon is planning to be mean to poor Abby.
I can empathize with Abby. Twelve year old me had enough similarities that I can see where she's coming from.
I wonder what Katja would have had to say about the Schuyler who didn't roll a 0 to headshot a prone and dying Carpenter.
Or not be a damn fool and just cower behind his desk like a sensible man who's got a cyborg bleeding out on his office floor.
Yeah. I can't see a version of Schuyler who did hide behind his desk.
Ha, I was gonna add that quote when I got on my laptop.
I think I might've? Memory is hazy. (on the shooting)
Do you chant "A P O C R Y P H A" when you do so?
How far down the queue are you?
Twins count as one unit for multitrigger, I'm guessing.
One shard and all that.
Bad form in any case.
NP. I'll try to give more tomorrow.
Babby Eidolon, iirc.
We know clones can tap the same shard.
And Eido's shard had Endbringer control happening.
Ionno.
Anywho, night.
Welcome, whirt.
See y'all.
He tugged em out of the Endbringer Dimension.
o/
Moord Nag is murder night in afrikaans
is that the real human bean trailer
ahh
hey thal
Hey folks. Got some triggers for you guys to give a once-over in a little bit.
Jeez louise.
So many trump triggers in the suggestions.
I'm extra picky about letting those through, JSYK.
OK, the public trigger document has been cleaned.
All trigger suggestions have either been approved, or critiqued and rejected.
Gahh, that was a lot of work.
We went from 63 mainlist triggers to 81, so there's that.
Maybe we can get it back to 100 soon.
Sure. Just send me a pastebin with the stuff that needs attention, or post them in chat so everyone can chime in.
Pop the ones you fixed back into Trigger Suggestions and I'll take a look when I get the chance.
Be meaner, Nick!
MEANER!
I just eyeball it.
Try to keep it under 300 words, IMO.
That's a bit high.
Triggers.
There's nobody better than Moist.
You take that back.
Added suggested triggers except forone.
*for one.
Should be an easy fix, for when Faust|GM gets the time to look at it.
Our main doc is up to 87.
Thanks for contributing, everyone.
Don't forget, if you fixed a trigger on the rejected tab, put it back in the suggestions tab.
That'll let me know you've gone and edited it and it's ready for scrutiny again.
If there are folks who are willing, would you mind taking a peek at the rejected triggers tab and offering some critique? I feel like offering advice from multiple sources will help provide a more solid foundation for fixing 'em up.
Hiya, vanderhuge.
o7
Made a suggestion for that trigger, Faust.
Good rewrite, Faust.
Approved.
bro....
I dunno how the whole CG is a bot thing got started
"You ate some fish that might kill you if handled poorly. It is killing you. Trigger."
IDK. Needs some zing.
Would have to be the latter. Can't prepare fugu without a license.
It doesn't have that "oh fuck, this is the literal pits" razzmatazz I want in a trigger.
Sure. Sit down with yakuza guy. He serves you this tray of awesome sushi. Gets to negotiations or whatever.
You eat the Hell Neurotoxin Fish.
Trigger.
That's more zingy. I can work with that.
You serve this sushi to this really important crime lord. You accidentally kill him. Oh no! Trigger.
@ Nonagon -- Maybe emphasize the relationship between the victim and the Tinker.
Complete strangers leaves me wanting a little something.
A Certain Lame Dweebus?
I'll kill some folks for ya.
Who am I killing next?
Oh I haven't killed anyone
mb
Kaiju Quest
The latter.
Hi Tell.
Someone on Reddit was starting up an unofficial Discord today, which is what started the conversation, for some context.
That would be impolite.
I'm in a very polite mood today.
I haven't tried voice GMing online before.
I like GMing like this now.
Logs are awesome.
I wouldn't relish the task of cleaning logs that a dictation program spat out.
I'm good at GMing freeform spoken, for fantasy-type stuff that doesn't need much worldbuilding.
But WD in person is a lot iffier, having tried.
Logs are more important here I think because most sessions are one on one.
I'll be accepting submissions for my Sanction campaign shortly.
I have room for two players, not counting Thal.
IIRC, Mari and Mega were interested.
Character biography.
Guess I should figure out more stringent criteria.
It's nothing like a Cleveland app. I just want an idea of what you want to play, what you're expecting, what facets of the world interest you, and what facets of the world you want to explore.
I guess I'll make a form.
Very succinct, tubes.
Sameish stuff. I'll PM you later.
Yeah. I'll do that now.
OK. Form more or less done. Details in #Sanction.
Feel free to fill it out if you want, Thal.
Justice is blind.
Non-WD game I'm running.
His tips probably aren't that valuable then.
In essence, yeah. It's an opportunity to expand on the worldbuilding and explore other facets of the world that I might overlook.
That's a good name, Sigma.
Don't mind ThalAI. One of her characters in a Weaver Dice campaign was badly antagonized by a Tinker going by Sigma a few months ago.
Glad to have you, villainy or no.
Let me know if you have any questions, or are looking for anything in particular.
The one with all the active campaigns on it?
It's in Projects, innit?
Ah, it isn't in projects. It's in the REad First.
Thanks, Nick.
soulpelt| also has a grudge against the NPC Tinker Sigma.
@ Carte
Whoops, here I am on the IRC at work.
:S
No prob, bob.
Hmm...
I wonder if the combined word count of all WD campaigns here exceed Worm?
I don't think so.
It's an interesting thought though.
Cleveland + Sicol + San Raul is roughly 1.1 million.
Is there enough else to fill the gap?
I don't think so.
Sicol may be longer than G'ville now. Roughly same session count, but higher average length, IIRC.
No need to think too hard about it. Was just a fleeting thought.
You can if you like.
Or you could make one! ^_^
's what I did.
Spencer knows, Bel.
Poor Mega's PR.
@ Tuzi -- Conquistador first. Then one with Saff. Then Sirocco.
Mendez's eyebrow is probably stuck in that position nowadays.
Most of the good cooks left with Pizzicato. Sorry.
Capo II isn't even Italian.
eight legs.
Yeah. I soaked each card in lighter fluid before adding it to the stack. I couldn't use the whole deck because it was starting to look structurally unsound, so I set it on fire.
Which is pretty fitting, all told.
Morning
[Jan 10 18:44:15] <Antioch> Except for Vern, who has a weird sleeping schedule and lives in a ratty goblin nest built into the crumbling remains of the Berlin Wall.
Vern took all the rubble to build his hovel.
I want more Europeans. I need setting help for my other writing project.
Vern is a goblin.
That is kind of Worm's deal.
I'll be honest, Bel, I'm not seeing that bit.
Did that fix it?
I can Op people. They'll need to register the channel to become the owner.
I can make people owners but it goes away when they log out.
Try being Turncoat for a second.
And then doing the Nickserv identification thingy
Type /ns register password i think
If you aren't a registered acct on this server
Replace password w your own, obv.
Skimmed it. Busy today
Make sure you register under your usual name rather than your GM name.
Hi folks.
The Cleveland map is up to date.
I have also updated the list of local capes.
I hope you all enjoyed the new capes I added to the list.
Added.
Added.
Yeah. It's not up-to-date.
Nah. Kimmy-chan is at the top of the list.
Nah. She takes up all top 20 slots.
The best, you know.
BN came back with Capo. He was out of town for a week to pay his respects.
Hey, tubes, are you around?
Cool. I'm almost done with that Tinker you requested.
I'll PM you when I'm done.
rindle in spindle
That's not even your character, Foss.
Silly to revive old characters anyway.
He never died.
Ya dingus.
That's cloning, not resurrection.
Of BB not dying?
Yah, presumably because his shard backed him up.
all credit goes to Non
Mortem Volo? Might be something else
I like it well enough.
ATM auto-linebreaks now, IIRC.
Oh, yeah, sure.
I'll also agree that Non's word is pretty weighty when it comes to trigger critique. He's written a really large amount of them. 125, going off used and the current list.
That looks good. I can put it on the list proper and skip the submission step unless someone here thinks that the trigger needs some work.
That's also kind of conditional
There are situations where Charm and Deception don't apply, and even fewer where both do
It seemed clear to me, but I must have been extrapolating from the other social skills
Can do.
So 3h6+2 in some niche scenarios, otherwise 3h6+1 where charm applies.
Not too bad but you have to consider the skill investment needed to pull that off
Lol, I never noticed.
I just CTRL+F the skill I want.
He wasn't lying. He's still rat boi.
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 269)
I like using the plump rat meme myself, but it's less entertaining when other people use it.
It's a personal meme.
I earned that rat, you know.
I miss Yamana.
Oh, there they go.
The Yamana quotes must have spooked them off.
Hiya, Tell.
Hi Vern and Teller. I did some tweaking of the IRC plug thingy for Reddit.
I think Vern wants me to post it.
Here's my current version.
Oops, I forgot to take that out.
Sorry. I copied a lot from the old thing.
Should I link Kiwi & Mibbit even though they're already in the sidebar?
Should I link local clients?
I'll work on it some more. Back in a little bit while I get lunch.
Spooky ocean game.
"Schedolyn?"
TY. I'll look in a sec.
Only a tiny amount.
I can think of two and they're a good eight or more months old.
We've had a few, but not that many that more would be unwelcome.
I like the SO of disapproved race one, personally.
(in the voice of someone dying of a terminal illness) I guess I can help critique them as they come up.
1) In about 30 mins, Nick.
2) Not really, Foss. You don't need to copy Bow's triggers to write a good one. Quite the opposite, really.
3) I guess that's a concern. Maybe the discrimination goes both ways, although that's somewhat cliched.
We've done a good few of those.
Was ThalAI's Simulacrum the first?
Skimming the used section, I think Non wrote the first one (unless one that preceded it wasn't claimed).
So I'm pretty sure my point stands.
Not really a huge problem anyways, given that we have such a huge breadth of precedent.
If you want to really write a trigger that pushes the envelope, go for it. It'll go into the critique pile.
"You're just a regular dude and a Tinker kidnaps you and traps you in a dog's body. You awoo in confusion and distress. Trigger." Does it work? Who knows. It'll come up in this chat for discussion and we can deliberate on it.
Don't awoo.
Yeah, Flash.
A few others have cropped up in WD history.
"A Tinker builds you, a little robot, to serve him. One day, he tells you that your sole purpose in life is to pass butter. Trigger."
Irwin, the kid who made up Sploosh, triggered first, Nonagon.
Then Irwin got his skin melted off and Sploosh triggered.
It was an OOG game.
People picked actions and executed them. IDK if there was any / much RP.
Needs more wham at the end, Mega.
Could escalate into a full-blown panic attack, self-aware that the panic is only drawing the attention of whatever threats you're envisioning.
Keep the elements of the trigger while never having a physical foe actively aggress the triggeree.
Some trigger writing / discussion.
Knees weak, mom's spaghetti.
I like the general idea of it. It's an interesting trigger.
OK, the IRC thingy is pretty much in its last draft. I'm not thrilled with it, but I also don't need it to be perfect.
busy
?
Mention what?
They're in the subreddit sidebar, tho.
Here's the thingy.
There are links to both of them in the TL;DR, at least.
This one in particular has been around for about one year and five months.
We made the switch from the old one around September or October of 2015, I think.
WD has been around since around Winter 2014, by my best guess.
The IRC is a bit older than that.
Yeah. Walking over to work now.
It's old enough to walk. Old enough to kill.
I don't think we were especially off track, Foss.
Now you're getting off track.
Just generally bad form to barge in and say, "oh, off topic, let's talk about me / my trigger", you know?
I can do it once I have a break at work.
Approaching a trigger from a "I want to make -this- sort of power" standpoint tends to lead to weak triggers, based on my recollection.
OK, I have a breather.
What triggers did you want me to look at? Mega and Ties?
Triggers look fine, Ties and Mega. I'll add them.
All triggers on suggestion list have been critiqued.
Feel free to look, add your own critique. I won't move to rejected for a little while.
98 triggers on the list now.
Good job.
Cool triggers, btw, Turncoat.
I'm in Lausanne, Detroit, San Raul, Portland, and Fort Town. I was recently in Sicol Bend.
RIP Frederick.
He was the only Grantsville character that mattered to me.
since when is yesterday 43 hrs ago
Aw, you didn't have to leave, Mar. We were going to keep talking and make you jealous.
Yeah, you can roll with the Ottowa Squad instead
Some worm folks that live in that general area. They play board games sometime.
"Vern's friend"
Ha!
^_^
Stahp
I'm just making fun of him.
It's my favorite thing to do.
I've never envisioned tubes as a big guy.
In my mind's eye, he's frail, stick-thin, susceptible to nosebleeds. A pale fellow who subsists on the caloric intake of liquor and other alcohols and memes.
Brutal.
I can't believe that bear doesn't like Kimmy-chan.
Unconscionable.
Needs to be put down.
Yeah. There's one where there are kids racing each other on bicycles.
It's pretty alright. The art is weird.
Aw. I was liking the unsaid implication that there was only one singular non-teenager-vs.-soldier media.
I can think of flaws that promote RP in... uhh... World of Darkness sort of games. It's been a while since I've played any though.
I think that WD chargen is a lot more involved than a lot of other systems.
And that heavier involvement encourages better character building / RP, in a way.
In WD, if you have Guts 2, you're pretty gimped.
To be fair.
It's workable, but it sure as hell isn't ideal.
Rare cases like AQ where she has Ath 6 and conditional invulnerability dump Guts.
Yeah. I hope Withstand gets tuned a little.
It felt odd when I saw the battlebox demo for the newbie
And something happened like "OK, I rolled Guts higher than your Dex roll, so I block your gunshot."
Was a moment where I was kind of like, "Well?? Okay?? I guess??"
There should be pretty clear pros and cons that differentiate Dodge and Block as defensive options as better than the other in certain situations
But I don't wanna make things super granular, you feel me
John McClane is at least a Brute 4
Nor I.
OK, I'll start taking bets as to how many posts it'll take in Sicol Bend for the conversation to start.
Also will take bets for who starts the conversation.
I think... Explosivo has the most fun power, out of my PCs, although I also admit that playing an unpowered character (Schuyler) has been my most fun WD experience.
Yeah! Did you miss the session where she evaporated part of the river?
I remember that session, Ace.
Those were some crazy rolls.
Archival had his strengths, but he got caught up in Bete Noire's head games and put himself in a situation where he couldn't play to them.
Become the Cephalopod Catapult, Ace.
Ask Z to build you a Trebuchet Suit.
Archival needed time to hole up and consolidate his information through his power or Tinker something, but Bete Noire basically kept him running throughout.
He never tried to call her bluff, so it goes.
True. Always harder to think on your feet.
I like to respond quickly, so most of the time when I'm RPing I just type the first thing that comes to mind.
I think it works well for characters like Explosivo and Evie. For other characters I could stand to think things over once or twice, but it doesn't feel quite as organic.
I'm going to have a lot of fun playing in Cogo's Laconia mini-campaign.
Have you modified any plans based on the information provided by the public capes doc update?
PM me?
Huh, did the bear just get Playpenned?
Glad to see she's better, if that's the case.
I feel like you've done a good job taking the opportunities in Sicol as they came up, Non.
Was there anything that you wish you'd done but missed the chance to, out of curiosity?
I had fun in Fallout RP, Proth.
You let me shove a lit stick of dynamite up some guy's bunghole and for that, I'll be eternally grateful.
I think the pastebin of that is still out there somewhere.
It was a while ago.
Yeah. I found the logs.
A real wild ride from start to finish, tbh.
Only in the sense that she can make a lot of fire, as far as I know.
Social is more a metric of conversational / interpersonal aptitude, in any case.
Looks can only get you so far.
He's a kung fu fighter.
His horntennae are fast as lightning.
You're a fool, iridium.
Swole is the only gal in Sicol Bend for me.
I miss Swole. Her dialogue was so good.
She had such excellent Swole-isms.
You didn't remember such classics as "mark your calendar" and "that's a Swole guarantee"?
; - ; 
Hurtful tbh.
She never had a chance to be iconic.
She was cut down in her prime by Mishie.
That scoundrel!
Who are some iconic Sicol NPCs?
I think Hoagie and Cassette are strong contenders.
Ghetto G-sus could be up there, with more screen time.
Yeah, you're right.
IDK. For all of the hype surrounding Deep Six, he hasn't done too much yet.
He's iconic in the framework of the narrative, sure.
But he's not iconic in the campaign, yet.
It would, I agree, be entertaining for a Hatcher Face sort of cape to sock Deep Six a good one.
Whoops.
Hatchet face
snerson
God damn sneople are infesting our society
Oh, was that the purple stuff, Lex?
I had guessed playpen, but that makes more sense.
Barney the bear.
Even if Snake Eyes was around, how could you find him?
That.... sounds like a euphemism for getting put down.
I wonder if Allele made anything with Schuyler's genes, and if we'll ever see it.
mfw no rolla
yo
Hi Dol
Hi Mega
Hey mish.
City owns them
Police and such would have access.
As to where, I dunno.
You could manually plug into each individual traffic cam.
It would be dreadfully tedious.
There used to be a TV channel that just had traffic cameras for everyone to watch.
For my town.
It would swap between different cameras every so often and play classical music.
I watched it a lot because I didn't have cable, back in the day.
Here you go, Faustus.
Thought you weren't running rolla, but I was wrong
A net win for Sicol Bend, today.
Seachange punched himself in the nuts and we can all agree that's what matters most.
I have complete faith in Nonagon.
I'm hurt, Mega.
I'm absolutely blown away by how heartless your comment was.
It makes me so sad, you'd think I was being held hostage by two children. That's how sad I am.
Drop me a PM whenever you're done GMing, btw.
I hope Alex is OK.
What were you referencing with the poem, Non? It feels vaguely familiar.
Ohh, the Borat thing. Righto.
Been -forever- since I saw that movie.
More Freeman!
Hmm. OK. Gimme a bit.
is this the thief who stole from BikeVendor100, Mega?
Oh man
Cogo
BikeVendor100 should make an appearance in San Raul
As we follow the journey of Hops' bike
I hope he does get his bike back.
Say, Cogo, when's a good time for a session for you? This may be a two-parter. Nick may make an appearance.
Cool, I should be good for most of that day.
Hmm... Sunday is a bit of a toss-up for me.
I'll let you know if I'm good on that day, but we can fall back to Tuesday if it doesn't work out.
Debating on if I want to GM Tuzi, write, or work on my next WD campaign.
Yup, it's done.
You'll love my PC, Nick.
Absolutely love her.
I'll shoot for Sunday, then.
Either one will work for me.
I'll kill a fellow or two to hasten your return.
I figured out what flaws of mine I put into Director Secor.
Best I not split Tuzi's attention, I feel. Verdict and the other cape he is helping are very different folks.
But do let me know when you'll be free, Tuzi.
If yes, I can help gen.
Striker effect causes Shaker side effect.
Noxious venting leads to disorientation, asphyxiation.
A boiled person is rended when the boil detonates.
Man. I miss Meat Carnival.
Dunno about the Boil Bounce, but it's cool otherwise.
Acne-Man!
la pomme de terre
Nah, you should keep the 100% murder rate.
Seems about right.
Where's the poll?
Sure, what's up?
I don't think so.
But they certainly could.
I don't think it's a 'forced' thing, though.
I'd say they know how to use their power, but they don't know the nuances or limitations.
Mmm, sweat powers.
they could have been birdcage homies.
too bad none of em will ever make it there.
Giant metal hollow mittens filled w foam. Detonators in the mittens.
Just guessin doe.
Floating death fortress is the way to go.
Distorted afterimage hurdle/stutterstep Mover/Stranger
Trail of weird goons in your wake that do something silly. You hustle better.
who dat
I think the follower is imagined.
I just proffered it as an idea
Nonagon, you around to chime in?
Trigger 93.
I went for Mover/Stranger hurdle/stutterstep that leaves a trail of distorted images in their wake with some sort of esoteric effect.
Then I stepped away and some things happened.
Reminds me of panth's Streamweaver that never got played in Epoch.
What about that acid trail guy in Grantsville?
Hallucination aspect can go into the trail of false images, but the images should have some non-Mover Stranger utility
Mover aspect goes towards flat mobility improvement, and the movement trails the images.
Pursuers forced to barge through a crowd. Dummies can be obstructive or fragile, fragile ones create some bad effect.
Double back to hide in your own crowd.
Shank a dude in the back.
ripperoni
i'm in rehearsal right now
^
Past crimes is interesting tho.
Wonder how that fits in.
Thanks Non.
A power killing their cape huh
Does that happen outside of vials
I like it ambiguous
I give my life
Not for honor but for you
Cape eater
My offer still stands, Bow.
I miss Phix, our first Steward. :(
I love broke ass Tinkers
Debtor's prison!
Loan sharks!
Yeeeeehaw!
"I want to go back to school. I won't hurt the other students."
Then Cody shows up.
He's a walking beacon of crime. Fuahaha.
!
Stick around and keep an eye out.
A slot will open up in time.
Just go with Tinker death fortress, tubes.
My vote should count double.
The nega-Mendez.
She has bad Social for a Director and scary PR.
Pick a background, roll some life perks.
FBI, Police, PRT, Military, ...
Director Secor is gonna get fired.
She's just too damn weird.
I put my flaws in my characters.
Secor has my lack of filter and sense of humor.
Too non-sequitur.
Knock knock! Who's there? It's The Snurge! Snurge who? IT'S THE SNURGE
Nick's summary was pretty good.
It might be helpful if you had a specific trigger in mind, to point to as an example.
Hey, Megafire, you free?
If you wanna add me, it's Antioch#11186
NP.
Grats, Meg.
Is that 3000?
Anywho, want to interrogate Cremator for the second time?
NP, ping me when you're good to go.
I hope you feel the least bad about Schuyler.
That's pretty fair.
Probably just Silvors.
"Caitiff's people"
Fresh out. He'll need to get some more at the people store.
Given the success of your prior interactions with the PRT, that might be a tough sell.
Here's the deciding factor, Turncoat. KFC, Church's, or Popeyes?
Nah, given a choice out of the three. Working within bounds, here.
Cremator is more of a Church's guy.
Too bad the nearest one is in Akron. He'll have to settle for KFC.
No, that was Sigma.
Heated objects stored in Khandhas-stasis lose their heat when he returns to usual form. Objects cooled in that realm cool at a slower rate.
When he dies, I'll tell you the secrets.
I'm imagining Khandhas, just, like "please, let me perform a menial task for you. I beg of thee"
Nope! Thanks for playing.
!search parable
Just a conga-line of Khandhases, serving as a range extender.
It's a good quote!
!search sick fuck
<Antioch|GM> He doesn't nod his head. Maybe he can't, you sick fuck. (at line 380)
If you join #BlushyPlayground, I'll teach you more.
Is that 1st, 2nd, 3rd, catcher, and pitcher, or 1st, 2nd, 3rd, shortstop, and pitcher?
You're one Khandhas short of an infielder.
Yeah, that's him.
Ironically, I have a sinking suspicion you can make holograms that are more durable than a Khandhas.
Say, Teller -- could you add an exception for the #PD / #Pactdice prefix for [ATM]?
Who's your favorite new cape or the one you're most curious about, Cogo?
Not yet. Consider it my holding out hope that more Pact stuff happens.
I am thinking about running a Pact draft sometime soon, though. Would you happen to be interested, Tell?
Aw, shucks.
Yeah, that's right, Maz.
I'm ready to put Cleveland to rest. Three more arcs and a bit, then I can move on to a new project.
Not that it hasn't been fun.
Since May 2015.
Feels longer, I have to admit.
I feel like ~ t a k i n g i t e a s y ~
I suppose I could give that a try, Bow.
Sounds like something I might be fired for if I do it at work. :0
I can't settle on one thing to focus on.
Tell has been an admin since ~Aug 2015.
I'm also upset about the Tinker campaign not winning.
The hovering death laser Tinker house campaign.
Lots of newbies. Maybe will run a newbie thing.
Are people available to help a power gen?
Seems like a small crowd. I'll wait.
Hi, I'm back from a movie.
Mischan.
 I had a good time. It was for a friend's birthday.
Is there a gen ongoing?
I can talk about it in another channel.
Hm?
What's the trigger?
I'm writing up a power for ColdGold's trigger.
Sorry it took so long. I was making dinner.
Hey, Somecrazyguy. ColdGold.
No max quantity, but focus fire will naturally strip them of their stacks.
I'm actually worried it might be too weak.
Yeah. They pick cut or bash, not the actual damage result.
I hadn't thought about that, Thal.
Sure, I can clear that up.
Nah.
Nah. He has to be the one who creates the rubble.
I made rubble accumulation faster, but made the ability not stack with flowing/artful.
Rubble accumulation shouldn't be half-stack rate, because you need to commit an attack action to gain stacks.
I think that it's strong, now, but not busted.
I might add a footnote that debris falls away after combat.
The Lung perk?
I imagine the debris would also start to form armor, and that he could accrue stacks at an exponential rate.
Until he becomes Saturn Buzzsaw.
But I'm happy with things as they are, if everyone else is.
If he's not in a fight he can't accumulate rubble.
If he's not fighting, it'll just fall away.
It'll float around for a bit and get bored, because he's not beating the shit out of someone.
Yeah. A punch from him would shred metal / ceramic armor.
A Tinker would be rather upset.
Hm. Should be both.
Both should be ruled out.
I'll reword.
Yes, no, yes.
I'll add a note that says that melee attackers will get injured.
Flowing + this ability means... the cape is untouchable with five stacks (except for the rare case of Brawl's 1d8).
That's OK, I guess?
What do you mean?
Artful is 1, 2, and Flowing is 1, 2, combined is 1, 2, 3.
I don't know how it interacts with powers though.
Dang it, Mishie.
That was frustrating.
No, yes, GM's discretion.
I dunno, is this worth tweaking? I feel like there are a lot of issues that are being picked over.
I can scrap it and do something else.
Eh, can I just leave the clarification up to SCG? I'm really tired and I want to go to bed.
Needs luck first.
Thal's Trigger 88 hasn't been claimed or incremented, IIRC.
It was something else I think.
I'll look tomorrow.
Heyo ColdGold, I'm doing some errands. Free in about 2 hrs.
Gonna be a bit longer, Cogo, sorry. Had to locksmith someone's car.
Yeah, they just locked themselves out. It's nbd, just had to detour and help out.
What a salty trigger
A cape called Salty Dog
Make a character that's cool and meaningful and fun to play for you, and then play to their strengths.
It's fun to dump Know and play an ignorant character sometimes.
Depends on what kind of character you're playing!
Also, Cogo, your post reminded me about the old character sheet I made before I knew about WD
Minmaxing can get you a ways, but in the end, intelligent/creative play trumps mechanical strength by a long shot for the most part.
WD isn't a game that revolves around combat / contested rolls – those are simply means to an end (the end being the narrative).
Sure, sometimes. Most WD games are in the US.
If losing combat means you die, you've fucked up somewhere or crossed a line.
They might not cross lines, but they might've done something foolish.
There's generally some leeway for those who play by the rules.
Read some of the logs! They'll give you an idea of the variety of Game Overs.
Lausanne and Sicol Bend
She left town in the midst of some chaos. It was kind of ambiguous.
I didn't log very well at that time.
Only by dint of length.
Death per session, I've been kind of too lenient.
Almost ready, Cogo. Sorry for the wait.
We write them
Those darn Sigmas!
I know how it is with them.
Yeah, go for it!
Aw, shucks
So new and contributing to the community already ; u ;
It makes my heart swell
a blu blu blu
As it were.
Of course he'd ride a bike, he's a BMX pro.
Semi-pro. Since he got his face caved in on a bad stunt.
Graphic design is my passion.
Which one?
If you take Magic Mike you have to take his two friends, OK?
It's non-negotiable.
His whole shtick is that he's one of three goofy kids in the Trinity of Triumph. They're kind of like a heroic Uber and Leet team.
His two friends are Bath Boy and Greenbat. Greenbat doesn't have any powers.
Nolan Spencer is the guy that hates you, Firlz.
This is Evan Spencer.
He's appeared in a secret Quickdraw session. He may have appeared in one of Cwn's.
Hi Bow
Whew. Long post.
I hope that also sheds some light on why Cremator was so useful to Caitiff.
Yes. The spraypaint that Caitiff used to graffiti the parking deck and the Borgata art gallery was a Tinkerized paint version of one of his concoctions.
PMing you, Non.
" he's already ready with his answer "
mfw dodger doesn't respond immediately
; - ;
Heh heh
Best to move this to another channel, like #BlushyPlayground.
It's gone. You went to bed.
ya
not a queue
lottery
completely diff. system
\o/
I have decent ideas on occasion
The guy who rolled first and got a 16 doesn't sink into despair as others roll and move them down a few steps.
If you like sinking people into despair it's understandable. I'm not judging.
That's the sort of initiative that'll win tubes' heart.
Keep at it, Kastor
I got 2 life perks, but I don't remember if I rolled life or life perk, tubes.
Soery about that pause, Cogo
Thanks for the session
I'll be free tomorrow and tuesday
I had a good time, especially as Evan. He is the cape geek inside me
No, Cody is my inner fuckboy
Thanks for writing triggers. You guys are awesome.
We'll have 100 triggers in the main doc soon ; o ;
A blessed day.
I just need to go through the suggestions and vet / critique them.
Lottery winner Stranger would be a good trigger. Lottery winners get a lot of obnoxious attention, from strangers and family members alike.
Worse than obnoxious in a lot of cases.
oh, bother
_seen luna
Your past weighs you down.
You can never truly be free.
Most times are good for me. Explosivo is an impulsive guy so it's in my favor if I don't think too hard about things.
I will probably be running Cogo tomorrow.
I think so.
I would argue against all 3 of the Cleveland claims, personally.
Well, maybe not for soulpelt during the time he actively led and orchestrated the villain alliance.
Longinus wasn't the most active and he wasn't vying for top dog. He was keeping his head down for the most part.
h/o, rereading profindum
*profundum
Hmm, OK. I'd argue he wasn't top dog, but the other two were cleared.
He didn't slap down top either.
The PRT.
Pretty hard to call Blackjack the top, with the dissension in the ranks.
I imagine the be top / slap down top thing to be somewhat akin to a demesne claim
Makes sense. The city is in chaos and flux with no clear king.
So in a Cleveland situation, you'd need to bring the whole city to heel
The areas where capes are active.
Top dog means every cape worth mentioning, every one who gets a seat at the table or has force and power to bring to bear, bends the knee or affords you some non-token amount of deference when you demand it, I imagine.
If nobody holds that position you have to take it, and if someone does have it, you have to dethrone them.
Deep-Six would have fit the top dog criteria, I think. But I can't think of any others, WD wise.
Maybe Poe, pre-vanishment, in Oakland, though I'm only guessing.
I wonder where a campaign goes when a PC gets top dog, though.
Other PCs vie for the throne.
Being top dog is hard. If there are people under you they have a good angle to shank you in the nuts.
Not something to be proud of, though? :P
I can help.
too busy playing wd with pals online to pass classes
relatable
I'm getting a smidgen of Impact Blaster here
But that could well fold into the Shaker bit.
Cape punches the ground. Pillar of earth within LoS and less than 50 feet spikes out, blunt-edged, uppercutting a goon. Impact creates dust, they port to the top of the pillar, which can launchpad them further if needed.
Pillar mostly vertical, can tilt up to 15 degrees ish for some lateral motion.
Just spitballing, I'm late to this gen.
Maybe the pillar deflects the incoming truck and his buddies are saved!
Doesn't have to be the earth. Could be the floorboard.
Was just the first power that came to mind, anywho
I haven't seen the other ones yet, scrolling back now
I dunno how I feel about Super Conveyor Belt m'self
It seems kinda lame, from a shard standpoint
You're not really winning a fight, you're just telling some dude, hey, you, dude! Gettoutaheah!
And then they zoom off into the distance.
I wouldn't be too tickled as a player to have this power, personally
It seems a little too linear, if you'll pardon the pun
I like Faust's vacuum/expel teleporter
More than my pillar man idea, even
It's short and sweet and I can see someone having a lot of fun with it
Just a guy who makes pillars, Div. Sorry to disappoint
i'm cool with Faust's power, tbh. throwing my vote in the hat
I make Rocket and Terminus and Hurdle movers ;-;
Good night everyone! Good luck Divock on your luck roll
Alright, Cogo, I'm gonna grab me some lunch and I'll be good to go
What's your character's power, Turco?
Oh yeah, the giltpearl armor Brute
Spicy
I imagine those properties don't apply while armor is being worn over it
Valiant can fly, sort of
He wears a ghost and floats it around
Out of all the PCs in Cleveland, I think... hmm...
Nachzehrer has the best odds of killing Capo II.
Not because of her power or anything, to clarify. I just think that Non is really good at puzzle bosses. :P
Vacuum teleporter
Klawford?
Friction burn.
This is Saturday mid-day. Freddy is preparing for the fundraiser.
That was Vern I think
I don't believe he's planning on running it, either
Absynthesis deals in serums and concoctions that have powerful short-term effects but tank mental faculties for correspondingly long periods of time afterwards, Lid.
I have two real-deal sessions with Saff upcoming, and then one post-Arc 18 timeskip session where she can move some skills around and spar a few capes.
She's so depressing that the nearby fabric of space starts to weep.
what about some enemy-building exercises with the enemy
Breaker
pennies
The chem based stuff gets kinda gunky if the cape wants to, idk, save their chemicals, sell them, etc.
I like the doubt / morale tank effect appended to a strike, 'scool with me
When I GM I mutter dialogue quietly under my breath to try to get a feel for a certain character's voice.
I probably should not be using Strafe as a speaking NPC while I'm at work.
lol
People can find my real name if they /whois me, it's nbd.
By a smooth criminal.
I was born with it. As far as a Blaster vector though, maybe some sort of... intangible bird-shaped projectile, formed out of nearby shadow, with a homing bonus.
No physical wounding, just the effect taking hold.
I started from "no damage accuracy bonus projectile" and the bird thing was the first thing that came to mind, flavor wise.
Only for some clients.
I have my real name set as my IRC realname.
Feels solid to me, Non. I like the claw bit.
I could take that pistachio via force.
Hmm. I'd go with the latter, personally.
It's a more penalizing debuff.
I... think?
Well, a 5 is still a good result, so maybe not.
Ah, yeah, the average is lower?
That's what I said, Fir
It was freely given.
I'm glad you're having fun, Zene.
How've you been? Feels like I've only seen you a bit, lately.
I think that's pretty solid.
I'll PM tubes for the laqueus flaw
It is for Cayo, right?
yeah, definitely
Lol, imagine if Dodger made it through that and decided to talk to silver bullet and had to deal with Loup-Garou.
Everyone gets 1 + (percentage of triggers contributed to full list of triggers) votes.
sick
Famine and famine
I'll vote for Non's
What's the prognosis, Doctor Pupper?
Striker hits rob victim of next partial action, gains a charge. Can spend charge to do another partial action.
Man, if that stacks, you can just slap someone silly while they're feebly struggling through slowtime
For pupper's thing.
I like Non's too
Just a line from Zene, Dr. Pup.
Reads as follows: "<Zene> For a powerup, just going by narrative, would it be too strong for that striker to ever become capable of pushing the ratio down to where they have X seconds to act in a 0-second space of time?"
Drink lots of water, irid.
Did we increment for Shadow Hand?
Cool.
On a 4 or higher, he would have gotten additional dialogue.
Which might help him inform what to say/do next.
No Sicol
Jacksonville and Pittsburgh though
I can't wait to have a cape called Dr. Slunch.
Thanks. I felt like it was a little all over the place.
Heh, 'scool
Money isn't really analogous to strength
It's just a sham to put people in debt
"You could have this sort of shitty power with 100% of your money, or you could have something actually decent with 150%. Favors please."
I feel like you're missing the point here
Same difference
snurgh
I love flaws
"I'm gonna die one day, and it's going to be spectacular!"
Lol, you procced fettered because you shook my hand and then I killed myself
I hope you get your money's worth, Mish
Loot the building before the cops get there
Value
Usually.
Apocrypha, Reus, and one other?
That's the one
Always forget that one.
Rejecto
I remember most of the funky latin names. Except for Finem Mane
I always forget that one when it counts
Yeah. I think the quality of char gen has really improved these days though.
The ones I saw over the past week for like, Jacksonville and Cayo Hueso or whatever turned out pretty good (that I can remember)
is that today?
i wasn't aware
i haven't seen mega about today, but i haven't really been paying attention
I can go into the fort town channel, type "wauuuuuuugh" and roll like, seven or eight attack rolls
that's probably close enough to what the actual thing will be like
those eight attack rolls were me kicking icarus in the dick, to clarify
no, that was hitting him with a sledgehammer
this session is the one where i kick icarus in the dick
I don't quite recall who got Reus last
I know Jackknife's cape in Wichita got it, but he didn't seem to like it that much
And it's possible that it came up after
Good luck Pink
Hmm, I wonder who my strongest cape is.
I'll go take a dirt nap
Thanks, Lex
You're the real MVP.
Durandal hasn't been taken yet, in WD/Worm.
Mordred's an NPC
a blu blu blu my name's fortnight and i'm too destitute to afford a gas mask because i'm homeless and my family is dead
a blooo hoo hoo
The Goonch
slooooorp
"[18:50:54] <Antioch> Durandal hasn't been taken yet, in WD/Worm." Pretty sure it came up in Old Lausanne.
Oh, yeah, you're right Non
Thanks for that reminder
Wasn't there a... Coup de Grace as well
Or was it Coup d'Etat
The Crystal King
Drug names are awesome
Amphetamine Queen has forever sold me on the concept
m'nemesis
yay!
Would I ever not?
Terry Hintz?!
That's not far from Cleveland.
A day trip!
MI's best friend?
Oh, who?
Ahh
Lol, MI was just as bad
You gotta read more logs, Foss
read up on that sweet context
Artisan's Wall one?
Who was the Grantsville one?
I remember Annie.
Huh, how many years after Grantsville is San Raul?
That's not too much, then. For some reason I thought Grantsville was a little earlier than that.
Who's SuperWitch supposed to be, Thal?
Ah, gotcha.
PHO threads are fun. Maybe I'll do another one day.
"leader of local hero group 'the keepers' found dead in his base"
A chance for everyone to spit on Schuyler's grave.
That would be more fitting, I agree.
An open question for my own curiosity's sake – which one of my NPCs (by virtue of character) is your favorite? I was wondering earlier today where my strengths and weaknesses lie in GMing, so I can figure out what to lean on and what to shore up.
I think is just two -- I don't get a replacement, IIRC?
You're going to be rival leaders of hero groups?
J/k, I know what you mean.
You copycats. :^)
Good luck, twins.
For the better, I think. Non is a good director.
Ohhhh. the "Dice the Butcher Queen" epithet alluding to dice the verb as in "slice and dice", not the regular polygon used to generate a random number.
Good night everyone. Have fun
What did you roll for director perks, CG?
Nah, Breaker is different.
Would be Transfig. A smidge close to Phoenix but DynamicxTransfig works
girl, you make my flesh surge
girl, you make my flesh surge
"I didn't want y'all to see me jerkin' it"
KK. I'll be at work at 2 and ready then.
girl, you make my flesh surge
The trigger recommendation thing is a little wonky
Since it doesn't take into account the classification of the unclaimed triggers
It's automatic based on $classes
Yeah
if it's a good trigger, it's a good trigger
i care more about quality than $classes
There's only one Cauldron cape in Mega's roster at the moment.
Things will probably get hairy.
There's 5, in Cleveland as a whole.
Yeah.
The Offshoot / Case 53 analogue merits their attention, similar to Grantsville, I imagine.
"Here, kid. This vial will let you create rats."
"What'll it cost me?"
"Your allowance for THREE MONTHS!"
Yeah. I basically go through the whole list once every month and offer critiques or move over the ones I like to the main sheet.
I just did like... 120 of them a week ago though, so the next batch is February.
Here, Cogo. Have some ASCII art of Imp:
I'm trying to decide between Hydra or Artisan, Cogo.
So it goes.
I could also vote for the lady who runs the Power Threads shop.
I feel bad for Artisan OOC but I gotta choke down those feelings to maintain character
It's rough
Lowkey hyped for Cleveland to be over
I have a lot of cool capes lined up in my next campaign, yeah
Capes running the gamut from Agent Orange to Busta Crimez
He deserves that interlude
lol, what was his name
Airmaxx
that's it
Shadow claws
Coon Anoon
Coon Anun
privyet........ komrade
Valiant is, uh... 29, IIRC
Yeah.
Too old, generally speaking
I've reworked my interpretation of the Directorial skill bonus, Turncoat
Pastebin me the line you're thinking of?
I'll tell you my interpretation.
Hi Dol. Cleveland is happening, with Cwn.
I can pastebin you logs.
But only if you want 'em.
Most did, yes. Some voted Scintillate or Slimeball, but the majority went to Silence.
I, personally, wanted David, but he showed up in Icarus' interlude, so it's cool.
Event Horizon
Slurpie
L'il Bang
Schloop
Doctor Scunch
The Snurge
That's pretty ruff.
They're both in the wrong, but Cwn is more in the wrong.
No, she didn't have the time -- Capo II interrupted.
It's an unfortunate situation all around, and an avoidable one to a certain extent, but it's difficult to say where exactly to place the blame.
He was supervised by the guy helping him move in.
Mega was won over by his subservience and groveling.
tbh tbh.
I didn't expect it to escalate this much.
Ouch. These rolls have been unkind.
It's satisfying to be able to shed light on the intradepartmental issues the PRT must face when they have a high number of capes and clashing personalities, especially with a disproportionate amount of newcomers, although I didn't expect this to be quite that nasty.
Squaddie Angelo was -1 away from getting dragged into a rend hole.
In which case things would be even worse.
"Gee, Mr. Khandhas! How do you crash your figurative car so many times and survive?"
"Well, little Timmy, you see, it's because the lives of my clones are disposable, as worthless as I, the lowest of scum, am."
Saff has a Mac and the keyboard is too shallow for me to type on. It throws me off my groove.
Blame Gigawatt.
She's killed before.
She'd probably do it again.
"I know, I'm not shocked either. Always knew she was a killer."
Dec 2009
I always try to put the worst parts of myself in my characters.
Yeah.
I'll let you know when you're up, Tuz.
Saff has a chance to say something first.
Cayo is tubes' new campaign.
Quiet cape town in Florida has its status quo disturbed by a murder.
'twas Thermite, Saff.
(in Cwn's voice) "hell yeah, i love maiming shit"
I should get Saff a shirt that says "I Love To Maim"
Barium nitrate is really annoying to get a hold of, Scrags.
o damn, i forgot
you should keep a list for me
Yeah. She was supposed to be a freshman in college.
Put in that god damn apostrophe
It's L'il Bang
Show some respect
Who do you think would die first, Pink, and how fast?
Because it's a consequence for her mistakes.
"hey kid you fucked up and you're a nervous wreck so we're going to put you in a quiet box to save for a suicide mission against leviathan k"
I do hope the PRT doesn't employ you, Firlz.
From my perspective, a quiet department would be worse for Cwn.
In my shoes I might send her to Eagleton. Lots of robots to maim.
A department that doesn't have a lot of problems will have a big problem upon receiving Cwn, by virtue of Cwn being there.
You'd have to cross-check her with every cape on the roster, basically, to make sure there wouldn't be any conflicts that arose from them butting heads.
"I didn't realize Cauldron was involved in [insert any city with a numbered PRT department]" -- Firlz, who is wrong
Imbibing cocaine -does- have positive effects on morale.
A wise course of action.
I hope Megafire is enjoying this.
Saturday before lunch
What was the name of the therapy dog Verdict got?
Duffy?
Daffy?
"Caw! Caw! Pieces of eight!"
Man, imagine if someone taught Verdict's pet parrot how to cuss.
That would be horrible.
Lumina merits some attention if he can squeeze in some time.
Trigger events are really traumatic, so it's worth the initial scrutiny.
It's a question of if he can make room on his docket, which is maybe doable, maybe not, depending on how volatile this Cwn / Sirocco situation gets.
Like oil and water, those two. Didn't expect them to start a full-blown fight.
Freeman runs in the same circles as Dr. Yamada does, whereas Dr. Phan is the in-house therapist.
She's... okay, but doesn't have the right approach. She'd be better suited for helping people and not capes, but most psychiatrists would be.
Oh, nerts.
Wow, I super goofed then.
Yeah, that's right.
On a scale of 1 to 2, maybe.
I think this is fixable in the logs.
Shouldn't be awful to do, since the bulk of the "Dr. Phan is here" thing was redacted in Gigawatt 1.0, who was scrubbed from the annals of history.
The Gigawatt that wasn't addicted to cocaine. The weaker counterpart.
Calamity Jane sounds like someone who'd have Big Bad's power.
Just some kind of really explosive, collateral damaging aerokinesis.
It's the first thing that comes to mind, for me.
Big Bad is the current leader of the Wolves in Sicol Bend. He blows down buildings, like his namesake.
Don't die, Tuzi. Verdict needs you a year in the future.
This is a good session. Running Saff always rejuvenates my GM mojo.
Man, tubes. Cwn is really giving Slither a run for her money on being a sadsack who can rip people apart with their bare hands.
It'll be weird if Saff plays someone who Cody's taken to poundtown.
I have a session for you, Firlz, but there are a few other people I have to run first.
Hmm. Just Non & Bow, I think. 
Where you were sitting in the diner and making calls?
Lol, the secretary was going to call you back and say TGK was busy for basically forever and Khandhas was going to cry.
That was the afternoon where TGK fought the Blackguards.
ruff.
Let up?
Ha! I won't tell you to do anything.
Sirocco had good(ish?) intentions, but the hunter/hunted dichotomy he tried to force on Cwn was kind of the worst thing to hit her with when she's trying to find stability / a semblance of normalcy. There's no room for a regular person trying to live an average life in Sirocco's worldview. That sort of thing is beneath his notice.
He didn't really care about Cwn, per se, but he did care that she was a good soldier/dog for his queen. That was the thrust of it, at least.
I feel like I need to offer clarification on these things because he speaks so damn funny.
Cool. I'm hoping I'm not going overboard with him.
I dunno. Lumina has four arms, so the probability of her punching out someone is twice as high.
I changed the topic.
It said Thursday, but it's Saturday, so I fixed it.
Earning your salary, Tuzi.
Saff is my hands down favorite player to GM.
Cwn with Verdict's power would be a mess that would die awfully quickly.
I see our opinions differ.
I'm curious where he went.
The file on Daffy says "good dog".
Yeah, no problem. Valiant can essentially take over from here, and you can actually break here and say you gotta deal with sirocco too.
How Many Dogs Can You Maul Before You Are No Longer Stressed
!addquote <tubes> "Wow, why didn't I think of this before?" Says mendez. Proceeds to order valium in bulk off Silk Road and put it in the water cooler
The Opiate Duchess
Miss Morphine
Viceroy Valium
King Kush
Dang, ColdGold. King Kush is actually an amazing cape name.
Jack Smack vs. Jack Slash
Kid hears that, smokes weed. "Man... if anything I feel more tired. What a letdown."
Anti drug program successful.
Thanks for playing, Tuzi.
You're doing me a huge service here.
Cashy likes to see you suffer, much as I do as well.
no step on snek
Dummy. You'll need three hobos at least to power the Wraith Generator.
Out of everyone in Cleveland, Dodger is probably the person who hates Cwn the most.
I didnae ask him
Dodger hates Cwn because she betrayed her team and got her teammate killed. He hates her because it's easier than hating himself.
The shard is exacerbating a portion of it.
Pizzicato is gone. He moved back to New York.
That would be a tense seating arrangement.
Lol, I don't think anyone on that list would accept that invitation.
Thanks for the session, Saff.
You're great as always.
Gn
Ha. You still haven't realized the side effects of N.O.'s power.
Besides being indebted, ofc.
Noblesse Oblige.
Nah, no master stuff.
Cool. After 2 works for me.
Still addicted.
Think is the operative word there.
pretty fucked up
At least you don't have to hoot and holler and sing about how great texas is
Pink|gm with the lowercase g makes me read it like "pilgrim"
Nah. Was your writing style.
Die in hell soma
Plane tix are like, 60ish for round trip BHM to Orlando, tho I might drive down.
Oh, durr
Atlanta to Birmingham
my bad
Atlanta to Orlando
fuck me
3 hour drive, 1 hour flight, ish.
Flying from bhm wouldve been 220ish.
Airport parking was a little annoying, but nbd.
2
ye
6 or 6:30?
Fucking naps are not very restful, as a rule
Yeah
Wormblisters
I can't wait to be a horrible shitter in Laconia
Just like I was when I went to boarding school for the first time
I'm going to go to superhero boarding school and chug corn syrup and you cna't stop me
and i'll eat sugar cubes
and i'll spend all my allowance on white chocolate reeses cups
and i'll be weird and socially needy and hug other kids without giving proper introductions first and they'll hate me because i smell bad
this fucking kid is going to be the GOAT
no i'll steal the belongings of my fellow school mates and hoard them, like a creepy stalker
"please sir, what's for dinner today"
"grave moss and the flesh of the damned"
Wow
Cleveland's not gonna reach 250 sessions
135 i think
Can help w hwk today after 12.
Skipped class to do hwk, but hwk site was down.
!search butt
!search ghost of
Second trigger Cwn makes space rifts that puke darkness
Nach doesnt have your new phone number
me
I'm really excited for Kura's San Raul session.
haha, wow. yesterday's session was already almost 10k words
The Killhand and Nachzehrer interactions were great.
May 09 2015
1 and 2/3 years, p much.
The cliffhanger was that she fell asleep at a public park playground.
Whereupon she was accosted by a homeless man looking for money to fund his heroin addiction.
Free atm, Tuzi?
Can run you in a separate channel.
You were slated for a patrol with Sirocco, but his behavior may impact that decision.
We may yet find out.
The Wards will initially patrol as a full unit, though it may be broken up into two discrete, mixable squads.
Coolio.
#WDCleveland2 if you please.
Multi-track drifting!
M-multi channel therapy...!
Yeah, it's BMT.
booo, tuzi
you stole my hammer line
you thief!!
Oho, 'tis a learning Freeman.
He hasn't been publicly revealed yet.
Yeah. You got an interdepartmental memo about his arrival on Friday night, while you were out on a date.
"Mister Blake sir I need your Most Powerful Sedative for my Unruly Subordinate"
Good luck, Tuzi.
Oops, sorry. Try that again.
Freddy's rats are having a tea party!
Just ask Findlay for his piece and cap the shit out of him.
That should settle any disagreements.
"Face me unarmed." "Okay." -bang bang bang-
Er, I misphrased that, but you get what I mean.
Oh man. Why didn't Freddy just make a rat therapist!
He could have had it all
Sirocco plays a different sort of chess.
I like that Ripcord putting three sugars in his tea made Freeman tilt harder than this.
I also like that Tuzi is typing super fast and I can't interrupt him with ...
Probably crucial, in this scenario.
Yeah. You have to get the whole point across.
Nah. He took out the kidney entirely and threw it away. It was too fucked up.
'tis why you have a spare.
Don't worry, Thal, if you harvest Cwn's other kidney, it'll get you 75% of the way towards completing the Tenebral Core.
Just need a huuuge pneumatic hole-puncher.
We've gone over this before. Feral's dead parts melt into slurry.
'tis like Spree's clones, IIRC.
A nourishing breakfast.
Wait, no, don't do that.
Prions will fuck you up.
The rats slink back into the shadows and then break down into a bunch of smaller rats, which then melt away into the ether.
"Dead" as in "removed from her body".
We've gone over this before.
Yeah, p much.
She's really busy getting the fundraiser started and trying to get information on unknown factors in the city.
Oh, and interrogating Cremator.
Yeah.
Poor Valiant.
He won't be taking Sunday morning off after all.
"Please pass the coffee."
don't awoo
'tisn't.
gahahaha
Oh hey, I wrote this trigger way back in the day.
Yar.
Mm. Was trying to decide between controller or limit. Slime Kennel Tinker sounds legit.
Indeedly.
There's only one other 'robbed of closure' trigger and it hasn't been rolled yet.
But yeah, I'm totes on board with that Tinker.
Leperous's nemesis!
Nemesis Bots!
I like both, thematically, but I think the nemesis-bots really fit the theme of the Tinker. He lost closure and a person to fixate on and now his robots can relentlessly stalkmurder his next focus.
'tisn't Birdcage campaign, IIRC, 'tis Birdcage transport campaign.
Helperbots might could be called in to tip the car over.
Mebbe? Context or no, I think my vote is for the nemesis bots.
Wow, I forgot I did that, Firlz.
Feels like a long time ago.
"Escape this cell block and join another before this reckless cape gets the whole block condemned."
Snaque me up
Session is paused. I'm at rehearsal.
I'm back, Teruzi|Freeman
Yeah.
I know my lines and I can do the Haruhi dance.
Hi, welcome Smithy
Glad you've finally found us
will smiff
keep RPing in the shower. it's in character. cwn is in the shower too
na ping me when you're back.
You know that Wildbow chap. Always comin' up with kooky ideas.
How could you spurn Daffy...
My heart hurts.
Yeah. Your feet become skateboards.
Wait, that's Radical Deviation
My bad
I'm super behind on Mcninja.
!
Nah. That's not how his name conventions work.
I thought you were going to trash his little obelisk to be petty.
Roger, Tuzi.
Thanks for all your help.
If you give me a Cleveland cape that there's 100% no chance Sirocco will ever meet, I can think about what he might have called them.
Lilith would've been the Hanged Berserker.
Duck Queen is a farce and does not exist.
Right, Fir.
Invictus would probably just be the Prisoner.
Please don't use your powers to make creepy rodent sex golems, Nick v
*.
Yeah.
He called Capo II a knave.
Rest well, Tuzi.
Given that Cwn hasn't been taught proper drill procedures yet, that would be a pretty silly move.
It's Lilith, back from the dead and ready to exact her revenge.
Yah, Nick.
A lot of big players are getting two sessions this arc, with a multiplayer clusterfuck going on to cap it all off.
Freddy's done this arc, sorry to say.
Yeah. Maybe some people will die and some more slots will open up.
They skipped you the night base patrol because you were clearly stressed and freaking out earlier in the day, but something happened and woke you up.
Yeah, Fids is done.
Gigawatt got paired with Squad 3 for patrols instead, I think. I need to check my notes.
I need to run SCG, Non, Bow, and Firl.
I PMed it to you
It was just "oh god", remember?
Ty nick. I was looking in pms and not session logs.
Fried chicken was about 2:30PM.
Poor Mendez.
They can only keep her in the dark for so long.
But between Cremator, Lumina, and the fundraiser, that could be a while yet.
Two clarifications for the session.
Findlay's "CX-10-80" command is "this is Master-Stranger protocol to clear my order for uncuffing a hostile prisoner. You are authorized to use lethal force to take her down if she takes any hostile action."
Not strictly necessary, but Cwn does have a stranger classification and Findlay does things by the book.
Also, the contents of his flask is just antacid medicine.
Yarr. That's why you're a Striker-Shaker-Stranger.
Good job.
Muscle Rat Mendez drinks coffee mixed with protein shake.
Part of Cwn's problem right now.
The stir crazy thing. Not the protein coffee.
I like how the rats are somehow quotable.
Interesting to think about...
What happens if a cape who could second trigger can just never get to the point where they can because of their power?
E.g. Feral.
She dropped out of high school to shack up with a control freak boyfriend who slowly starved her, padlocked the pantry and kept the fridge in a locked room, and got the shit kicked out of her when she figured out how to open the padlock, making her puke out all the food she tried to eat within that short period of time.
So IDK if Feral could ever second trigger, even in the worst circumstances.
Yeah
He had the nemesis flaw
His nemesis murdered him in his base
His nemesis multitriggered with him but p1 didn't know it at the time.
They both were pure Tinkers with thinker aspects tied into their tech.
Nemesis is still running around, so maybe you'll know.
Sure there is.
2 people already know. A third has a suspicion.
Not counting the nemesis, ofc.
Where has ROFLcopter gone
"Keep up the mediocre work, boys," says the honest Director Harrison.
That is kind of the Cleveland problem right now.
He's still alive and in Cleveland.
Bow's agenda is in line with Main Office! Are you going rogue, scum?
He has a job now.
He's still a criminal.
Keandre has a new car. It's nice but it's stolen.
He's buying stuff to make it nicer.
Hops' bike!
He should travel to San Raul to steal it!
!search fossa
!search you buy
Mr. Finley
Kastor – power flaws
Oh, that's old, lol.
Shadows got changed to Ardeur.
It's NBD.
The Simurgh removed my flaws anyways.
The heads of killed enemies could power on your Banshee Refractor at a rate of 5 charges per head, Thalia.
Don't forget the hoboskin for the Wraith Generator and Cwn's kidney for the Tenebral Core.
What about five living bodies to power the Crucible?
They won't be killed! Just kept suspended in liquid light!
Dodger should have joined the PRT.
A Feral cannon is way better than a rat cannon.
What about a Meth Ray?
AQ needs to team up with a Tinker called Meth Ray.
"<Antioch> A Feral cannon is way better than a rat cannon." Patently false
Cool spreadsheet, Nick
I tried and filled one out for myself
I may have been kind of generous there
I don't know if I should count the threshold mercenaries I sent to their deaths
C is Cauldron, U is unknown
Those pie charts are nice.
I ignored all of the "character genned, 0 sessions" ones for me, Mish
Except for the ones that have sessions impending
(Halifax and Stokes)
By logs.
14K more words, Dol.
I love Know, apparently.
I have apparently never made a character with 3 Know or lower.
That's fucked up.
Gimme dem skills.
Only Explosivo and Cody have Brawn.
TIL I think Knowledge is the best stat.
Dol be nimble, Dol be Quick
Quackdraw!
DQ! QD!
#illuminati
Like the James Bond armory guy?
Il-Lumina-ti
Fidler was Duck Queen this whole time.
Hit Single "Since You've Been Cwn"
But both, Firlz
I dunno. All the good waifus are dead.
sigma bb
No, you missed like two lines
Where she woke up and was thirsty.
And Non
I can run you or SCG any time after those 3
Pfft. Ripping out cape brains to build hell guns is exactly what the shards want.
I think it's an interesting question to ask "does [Breaker]'s body go anywhere when they go into Breaker state, or is it merely a transformation".
Wink doesn't draw energy from others. He has two discrete beams, a sleepy and an awake one. His shard is the one that sets the rules that he can only use the awake beam if he's used the sleepy beam enough times.
I got really strong "have you tried not being gay" vibes from Sarah/Annemarie's talk.
"You are a rat having a tea party with your fellow rats when you realize that your master created you solely to pass the butter. Trigger."
It just sort of happened, Thal
I wasn't gunning for it specifically
Assuming either of you live that long.
Bucky's too weak
Forgemaster sucks.
It's nice having dum-dums that are Tinkers.
The drawing should still be on irccloud uploads
Watching the live action Jungle Book
And I just heard the law of the jungle
As old and as true as the sky
Cooking is art.
A meal is an experience.
New
I'm Antipater but not Antioch
Lol
I guess i will have to become more popular and taken back my name
There can be only one.
No, no, 'tis fine.
I accept this challenge.
I may have to switch temporarily because I got a couple messages not meant for me
Huh, did you get any $tell messages from ATM or _?
Yes arm
[ATM]:
What'd they say? I guess they were for me, and I can't get 'em now.
I'm trying to copy the text. I'm on mobile it's not easy
Thankee, Anti.
Np
A drop ride is a drop ride, y'know?
But that's like the exact opposite, Tuzi
:P
If they're old enough
It only splits at 1970
ballparkin
She did the first one to troll Firlz.
I don't think that's how that works, Fir.
I am thinking of idol culture in Japan as a comparison though.
And the culture is different in certain respects.
As both me, the GM, and Andre Sorensen, the director of the Dept 48 PR department, no.
Fleetfoot turned 18 in April.
He isn't very attractive.
I think we'd better move away from this line of discussion.
I will give impartial commentary on the appearance on any NPC.
I will not comment on their attractiveness if it makes things weird.
More weird, then?
Is it in her Witch Frame?
I Write Triggers, Not Tragedies
Wrecked.
You could check out the Grantsville logs, irid.
Oh, rad.
Thanks for the session, Dol! I had fun.
I hope you enjoyed it too, Dol.
ControllerxMagi. We didn't decide on if we wanted to do Greygoo/Nanofog Tinker or Nemesis Dummy Tinker, tho. Think we were waiting on tubes to weigh in before luck roll.
Archmage is Hspec Magi.
Oh, rad, tubes
Glad we got that squared away
Whereas a Limit trigger focuses on a deep obsession with others, the Magi trigger stems from a deep obsession with self.
Fidler's situation touches on both, whereas Kingbob's Grey Goo Tinker's relationship with the father is aborted, superficial at best
It's the denial of closure that's the crux of his trigger
Grey Goo Tinker could have nanomachine implants flowing through bloodstream and puke it out / exsanguinate themselves, smuggling some onto the transport.
Yeah, tubes went for the goo
Easier to work with in a scenario where the Tinker's kind of stripped of their resources
I'll take it. ;)
I can give you a few, I think.
Who'd you send to tubes, Thal?
I'll show me mine if you show me yours.
Yeah. Resource tinker could be like, uh... "It's your first semester in graduate school and you're slated for a GTA position, but they pull some shit on the sly with the paperwork and at the end of the first semester you find out that your position ends there, with no funding for the second. You're not able to come up with the money, and missing classes and
having a gap in your thesis work at this juncture is crucial, setting you back farther than just the six months you miss. You struggle to get what you need, but the short notice means that options are limited. A week of frantic scrambling and things come to a head, and you're dead in the water, deadline passed, student bill not paid, and class schedule wiped
from the official record."
Something like that mebbe.
Doesn't have that sort of oomph but you can kind of see what I'm getting at
I'm pretty chuffed with how Tinkers are atm
I feel confident enough that I could huck out a decent Tinker with any sort of trigger
And that most other folks could think up some as well
With the annotated process of making tinker tables it'd be pretty nifty to see more folks taking a crack at it
I think it's been a little bit since I made a serious business table though.
pleased
Never hurts to practice, Ell
I went kinda ham on tables when they started being a thing and now it's sorta etched into my mind.
I had fun running the Endbringer fight but it was tough and draining.
Hey ColdGold.
I can prolly resume your session today after lunch.
No problemo.
oops. it's fine. i'll get it tonight.
Not as many times as she's exposed herself. Wahey.
I don't like doritos. But those canalside potato chips were crazy good.
Yeah, it's doable. I'll PM you the link once I'm out of the shower.
I always do this. It's relaxing.
Before I had IRCcloud paid, I was still basically never offline. This server is probably my biggest timesink.
I can do italics on IRCcloud.
Only in Parahumans and Weaverdice channel, Vern.
I used a Tampermonkey plugin called Send With Style.
Those are the only two color locked channels.
I wouldn't really want bold and underline in mainchat, tbh.
Hey Panda
Been a lil bit
#WDPueblo is going on right now.
Oh hey, have you heard about the Pact Dice stuff, pan?
There's a campaign and everything.
Cool.
the Harmacist needs no sat phone
Soup Devil
Sometimes I let players fight my NPCs.
Myrddin was in Sicol
Canon chars are OK if you feel you can do them well, but the situation is rare where you
where you can use them in a way that makes sense / fits the setting
canon compliant maybe
I don't think this is a good idea, tbh.
Will this accomplish much besides scattering salt?
If you're going to keep doing this, Vern, I'd like to request to be taken off the voting list.
If it's something that ends up having an outcome that's disheartening for new/potential GMs, I don't want it to move forward.
GMing isn't a popularity contest. I write to have fun.
You wound me thal.
130ish?
Oh ty nick. I'm on my phone.
I've just been keeping it going for a while.
And more than half of that is thanks to my players.
"[16:02:24] <Antioch> GMing isn't a popularity contest. I write to have fun." GMing isn't a popularity contest... for you.
I guess that's a fair comment, Non.
Good luck with your new capes Non.
I just puke out files and interdepartmental memos at Megafire without as much tidiness, which does make sense because there's too much to keep track of and such.
Sorry, Cogo, I don't think I'll be able to swing a session today. I've been on the verge of dozing off since I woke up for some reason. Might be the allergies
Same, Saff
Fundie parents catching you jerkin' it to homo porn isn't a bad trigger.
Go for it, Cam.
I dunno jank about spreadsheets and coding either, all credit goes to Tell.
Type /topic whatever
Yay.
Frikkin huge, I estimate.
 Also, good job, Cam.
I've done things out of order when I know that one player's not going to massively impact another player, but generally only on a one/two day timescale.
Not necessarily.
Hiya, Slammin'
Sometimes I like to work on a trigger starting with a single sentence and then adding only crucial information.
Home stretch, lys.
Congrats.
Ditto
Good luck with Think Tank, tubes.
I hope you find happiness and resolution.
Probably and no.
SOMA's stuff still has major spoilers.
Aaaaand we're back off topic again.
No. I am being genuine.
Claire deserves some measure of happiness in her life.
Granted, getting suckered into a cult might not be the best way to do it, but hey.
Do try and avoid the kool-aid, regardless
Nay.
Makes me wonder about other capes in other departments.
Never came up for any of my PCs except for Sura.
Made sense for her, since she triggered from being forced into an arranged/abusive marriage after running away from home.
The former, tubes.
Latter's come up a good bit.
Freeman's trying his best, hey?
Looking forward to Laconia.
Midnight is going to be weird and awful.
Giving it some thought, I feel like a disproportionate quantity of my characters are ace.
Valiant's sexuality is guilt.
I wonder if shards skew libido one way or another.
Some might set aside sex for more time to do cape shit, but for those that it's a motivator for, mebbe the shard inflames it (eg Ardeur flaw)
Yeah. I just don't imagine a lot of my PCs canoodling.
Oh, how did I forget Cody.
Right, because Cody's a fucking weenis.
It's more interesting thinking about NPCs in this context, I think.
If you're curious about any particular NPC, I don't mind chipping in with my thoughts, if I happen to have any.
She's not real.
Bereaved and pining.
Yeah.
Most of them, Saff.
Well, Pink, Cody does love mackin' on them bitches at the volleyball game.
Feral's just looking for something to entertain. Banging her way through the ranks of her groupies ceased to do so years ago.
It's not really a consideration for her these days.
Yeah, it's unsettling, Pink, I agree.
Cody versus Caramelo, the grudge match.
Keep it out of Tuzi's ears, but she's really deep in the closet, and it's part of the complicating factors of her trigger / self-harm / et cetera.
I realize now that I haven't given much of them serious thought but it's easy to interpolate.
Most everyone else, Saff.
I'm thinking of capes only, though.
None of them can fly airplanes, Nick.
I savor your pessimism.
I wonder what AQ thinks once Shades starts dating.
Beat me to it, Thal.
Poor Shades.
He never signed up for this.
Seeya.
Same, Pink. A few weeks in he was bitching about needing a cape name and complaining "gah, why can't I just keep Shades?"
I have no idea what kind of name Cody is gunning for. Probably something too wordy and tryhard.
I think the joke is Guts = your insides.
Feel free to run your idea past me, Mega b
*.
Hey, Nonagon, when would be a good time in the near future for a Cleveland session?
Mon-Wed is good, Thurs is doable, this week, while my weekend's availability is toast.
Super. I'll probably do a brief PM session to resolve OOG stuff like you kicking in the dealer's teeth until he tells you what he knows.
Prior to the main thing, that is.
Today I'll probably be running some "enjoy fighting this NPC" mini-sessions.
If you have any requests and/or want to play, do let me know now, that way I can prepare their stats in advance if I haven't already.
The latter. I'm practicing making mechanically entertaining powers from an NPC perspective.
So I have puzzle bosses and capes with interesting powers that can't be approached necessarily linearly.
I only have a few puzzle bosses.
Most of the capes are just fun NPCs to fight (at least that's the intent).
I don't really adjust difficulty of encounters based on if players are doing too well or getting lucky.
It just makes sense for certain NPCs to be puzzle bosses, like Capo II or Caitiff.
Rip Artisan.
Some puzzle bosses you have to figure out the mechanics of their power.
Ehhh, 1?
(2 hrs from now.)
 Fight an NPC.
np. out of class in a sec.
~45 min
And udon and fish stock and mushrooms.
OK, NPC combat time. HMU if you're interested.
I'm curious if any of your PCs could take Capo II.
Sure thing, Div. I'll be here.
Aw, Mega isn't here.
I was going to make fun of him by sending him the list of all of the capes who didn't want to be transferred to Cleveland because it sounded too dangerous or would otherwise be a black mark on their professional career.
Afternoon, Tell.
Apologies, Zene. The current channel limit is 45, IIRC. I would like it to go up to 60.
You may only be in a maximum of 45 channels at once, Words^3.
I do not like that number. It is too small.
Yes, they can. I was speaking about it in #staff the other day.
The channel number, not bold/underline.
And I spit on it.
45 per user, tubes.
Yeah.
There are... 80-ish.
84 channels with 2 users in them.
That would be inconvenient and silly, Words. Raising the channel limit is simpler.
Zene's my favorite newbie.
He's not really a newbie, is he?
He was here like a year or so ago.
You're not a newbie anymore, Dol.
Thal's my favorite Sadness Gremlin.
I've got two new NPCs on my combat playtesting document.
Saff's probably my favorite PC. Dol's my favorite artist.
Dang, alright, man, sure
Silly Vern.
A lot of smiting going down today, it seems.
I'm having fun making powers and stuff today.
It's been nice also going back and putting my notes on existing NPCs to paper rather than floating about in my head too.
Aww. I was having fun and you spit on me like this, Thal.
Truly you are my favorite Sadness Gremlin.
I'm going to run some small noncanon sessions where PCs fight one or two NPCs that I made.
I'm working on making fun powers.
Fun powers to fight, that is.
You explicitly told me to ban you, Vern. I think that's a decent reason.
That would be awfully cruel of me
Gee, I sure love talking about Weaver Dice.
Let's talk about some Weaver Dice.
I ran Atlanta very briefly when I thought I could run multiple campaigns at once.
I'd like to revisit it at some point.
14:36 <&Antioch> Gee, I sure love talking about Weaver Dice.
14:37 <&Antioch> Let's talk about some Weaver Dice.
Hunh. It looks like I can't access the Sicol Bend player info page.
Oh, good timing, Mish, haha.
Here are some things I did today.
Yeah, sure.
We'll use #WDBattleBox.
Oh, Mega's back
Div is fighting Forgemaster as an NPC thingy right now.
That's the last one for today, but maybe, Spelt. It's an old power so it might need some reworking.
Goldenrod is nice when it gets her PR points.
She's an Akron NPC.
She would have joined Cleveland Protectorate but she was like yeahhhh I'm not gonna be here when things go to shit, no transfer pls.
Wraithraiser and a few others.
He picked Sirocco over a few capes that are in the Portland protectorate now.
Later. On my phone atm.
Too bad your PR wasn't high enough for Goldenrod to be on the list.
She's pretty strong.
Wise words for the ages.
Nay. Weapons have their own point costs.
Well, you cured Bankrupt, Tell.
Two plagues down for the count.
I wanted a Hydra interlude but the crowd chose Artisan.
Word.
I'm worried about some of my PCs this arc.
I hope they live.
What do you remember about Cleveland, Panda?
Oh, I misunderstood.
You've certainly missed a good bit, Panda.
There are 130-something logs. Good luck.
Have fun. I hope you like it.
I cannot view that image.
I'm on my phone, if it's a factor.
My favorite PC name is The Harmacist.
But my NPCs have better names, IMO.
If you have any curious questions, I'll be glad to indulge them if possible.
Oh, that happens in the logs.
You can have the west coast Team Skull, ColdGold.
Bone Thug, Redbone, etc...
Better to have a silly name and absolutely own it than a decent name that doesn't leave an impact.
It makes a good deal of sense for her power, Pink.
Where does the shame event horizon fall, Div?
How does the cape name "Busta Crimez" make you feel?
What if you replace the s with a dollar sign?
What if you add an extra z at the end?
The bonus/capitalized Z is about where my shame event horizon falls.
The dollar sign is pushing it.
And yet you've produced the gem known as Ghetto G-sus, Tell.
He's got one of the best cape names.
The Euro symbol is a good touch, Proth.
He accepts all currencies and you can tell!
I wish I could've showcased the Trinity of Triumph.
What about Agent Orange?
Someone log Panda's sweet commentary.
I gotta savor it.
Saff is my favorite PC. I should make a return to that loosey goosey GM style sometime. It's good for kicks.
Dammit. I want to go to bed but I can't stop watching Panda MST3K the shit out of my campaign.
I gotta save this stuff for Saff to read tomorrow.
G'night, friends and family.
'sup?
Either works. If it's today, it'd be in roughly 4, 4.5 hours from now.
Class, lunch, clean car, first.
I'm in Alabama, but same time zone.
Yep.
To both questions, I guess.
Yeah, that's super Master. That said, I'm pretty sure we're good on trumps atm.
loss.trigger
Mostly firebombing and armed robberies, IIRC.
The luckiest thing about Non's trigger was rolling the Stand Tall perk.
Tbh.
Hmm. Will sometime next week work for you, Nick?
The latter half of the week will be better, Thurs thru Sun.
I believed in you, Vern.
Emphasis on past tense.
wee
wew
Yep. I sure could use a coffee though.
She is fake.
As fake as any hope you have of getting into the Wards.
Let me tell you a Nach-nach joke.
OK, Non, I'm ready.
A photo of Cwn eating breakfast on the PRT Snapchat Story. "I love not doing crime. Crime is my least favorite thing, and my favorite thing is this cereal."
Nachzehrer's dialogue is always good fun.
Hops is totally the protag of San Raul.
Whatever path leads to the end of my ex-husband's life, I'll walk it.
Dang. I just damned all the Offshoots to more mutant suffering because I wanted this one prick dead. That's pretty awesome.
A new level of pettiness.
I mourn Shakesphere. He was a decent guy, for a hedonistic criminal.
(said in Director Sonderman's voice) I don't mourn Shakesphere. He was a hedonistic criminal.
Poor Full Throttle.
He can never outrun his anxiety.
4, probably.
"Full Throttle, please go urinate on this gang's graffiti for me."
"Uh, y-yes ma'am."
I'm tryin' ; - ;
I have no idea what Teller's like, but for some reason I imagine him to have a giant poster of the book cover of Stephen King's "The Dark Tower" prominently displayed on a living room wall or mantelpiece. 
I don't even know if he likes the series.
Oooh, and Rends can heal more slowly, making them more OP.
Oh, hey, Pink, could I schedule a Detroit thingy sometime not this week but the next?
'Coon Anun'
You mean 'pwn' isn't pronounced 'poon'?
Smh.
I really like the fact that if you cut off Cwn's right and left index and middle fingers, her knuck tats will say "K I N D"
Given that pwn is derived from own, 'pown' makes sense.
But, uh... Pink -- Thurs-Sun this upcoming week is good for me. I can do IRC or Gdoc, whichever tickles your fancy.
's just this weekend I have to do a bunch of dumb anime shit.
I recommend Verdict. She's a kind and understanding soul who needs some love in her life.
Hmm, more seriously, let me think...
Adonis, tbh.
He's an NPC now.
AFAIK.
I'll help you powergen, Saff.
I dunno if that one works for a kiddo either.
I think that Trump 3 is more applicable.
I agree, Tell. I'm not sure if I want to dip my toes in that particular pool since I think we're still a little skewed in favor of Masters in the statistics, though.
There's also the obsessive fixation that the triggeree has at the outset.
Hrmmm.
Okay. Two discrete powersets that have have a Trump 3 theme tying them together, maybe?
Hrm. I don't know how to handle that elegantly.
Mulling over emotional effects that the cape could utilize, here.
Charm, berserk, loathe, paranoia, I dunno. Spitballing here.
Hmm. Let's narrow things down.
Out of Trump 3, which is most applicable out of steal/borrow/copy?
I'm inclined to say copy as well.
For the same reasons.
Let's do this, then. Trump/Master power package and a second discrete Brute power that makes it easier to use the copied power.
"Stalker Eyes" effect on target cape dupes their power, maybe scaling over time, maybe not.
Brute form (Longarms Muscle? Dragonscale?) shifts in form and aesthetic to a certain extent to accommodate that power's use.
Master effect afflicts the copied cape to some extent, trying to figure out what.
Was thinking about charm, given the stalker thing again, but dulled volition works as well.
Seems strong, so I might add that it works both ways, that the cape develops a fixation on the Trumped victim, but...
That seems like the Ardeur power flaw
I don't want to bump your fist after you're done pooping, tubes. Fist bump rescinded.
It's the principle of the thing.
I appreciate PCs that can pull off very readable apeshit.
The Trump/Master effect I could see being a dupe of a target cape, a crude idealization that's essentially a caricature, with best and worst features exaggerated, and the power lacking certain nuances. But it feels weird to just slap that alongside a Brute.
I like that idea, Tell.
It ties the betrayal aspect of the trigger in very nicely.
The minion that pummels your friends?
The friendly minion that pummels?
"Oh shit! It's the young hero Fleetfoot! He's come to my aid because you suck dicks and I'm clearly in the right here!"
I don't have the full picture of how the land lies in Sicol, but I admit that Non does appear to have things on better lockdown than the current situation in Cleveland.
Ooh, very zen.
I scrolled back and read them this morning.
I should have saved them for Saff though.
Panda did a Let's Read of the first Cleveland session.
Thank you for linking the logs, Tell.
Erm, did we finish the gen, btw?
I'll try and chip in momentarily, sorry. Juggling a few things at the mo'.
The money boxes at McD's are for runaway children.
Well, a foundation for runaway children, usually.
Yeah. There are too many trumps on the trigger doc IMO.
Stop submitting trump triggers. :|
Nick, you're a good boy.
Hang on.
I'm going to go to the trigger doc and pick out 5 triggers that apply and send them to Pink for clearing.
And then Saff can just roll a dang 1d5.
Most of the awareness rolls were to realize how SS's attacks were telegraphed by the controller's motions to allow her the option to counterattack rather than dodge.
It worked out in the end although Full Throttle's leg might be broken, so there's that.
It's an identity forced on them that they don't resonate with, so I do get a Changer vibe from it.
There's a decent bit of overlap between the two (e.g Shifter)
Magi Tinker could be neat. Let me think about it when I drive.
I'm between Magi x Limit or Magi x Architect.
It's relationship w others weight against relationship w nebulous groups of "others" - more the system of society rather than any particular specific person
*weighed
P sure relationship plays into that.
Use my signature move – <Die Inside A Parking Garage>!
Lemme reread the trigger one sec
Ooh. I like that, Non.
Oh?
I like Nonagon's ribbon changer
I'd like to vote for the ribbon changer. We can hash out the mechanics later
But I think that it creates a stealthy ish shroud that provides the flowing costume effect naturally and people who hit you and miss get jellyfish tinglered
With some kind of emotional morale busting effect
And you can also reach out and tingle someone
Secondary Tinker is OK. I can handle that.
Let me eat this fish real quick though.
Good job on figuring out what Boxcars' power is and coming up with counterplay, by the way.
I like my stakes medium rare
Go to google drive and search squeakywheel
Should turn up
Whoa yeah. I can't find it either
Weird
Oh! Ty.
Sorry non gimme a sec. Grilling some sandwiches.
"[22:34:24] <Antioch|GM> Sorry non gimme a sec. Grilling some sandwiches." It's fine - brb, like I said.
Lol, missed that one.
He's your Vor-pal.
Not your vore pal, though. That's Snapper.
Not quite, Thal.
I like that power.
kk.
Which days of the week are better for you again, Non?
Hmm, OK. Let's try for next week Tuesday, same-ish time, fall back on Wednesday if that doesn't work out?
o7
And thanks for the session, by the way. It's always fun to run you, especially for combat-heavy stuff.
I can add in some kooky Fluxus/Refluxus stuff tomorrow.
I want to run Non with a nonvolatile toolbox power some day.
Yeah, Lumen's a good example.
But with a nonvolatile powerset you know what all the tools you have available at the outset are. I feel like that's a better opportunity to see creative play.
As an aside, w.r.t. design, how do you feel about PC powers that A) have multiple aspects that draw off the same battery or B) force the player to alternate between modes on a round-by-round basis (e.g. uhh... Amplitude tinker?)
hi sniff
Damn. Too slow.
Laconia?
For today? I'm not doing too much.
Glaive is a free cape name as of Detroit's timeline.
The previous Glaive was a villain who died to Behemoth.
Hmm. Flounce is taken.
Tassel is OK.
Longinus II.
Do it. Kill Thal in Detroit.
Putting the 'riot' in Detriot
That's not a bad pick, bearing the setting in mind.
Opens some doors with respect to the Kanshinin storyline.
You can always make time for Detroit, the coolest WD campaign with the most storied of histories.
You'll want to change your nick to lysa, Lysa|GM 
Better to register the base name rather than the GM-tagged name
I've sent you a $tell
Back in an hour or so
Pinyin is weird.
Jiang / Zhang are both Ok romanizations of the same surname
I'm excited to see CG's Baltimore cape
Sailor Saturn
Missing teeth, jaw brace, cranial concussion?
I did the first. Y'all suck.
:^|
I'm almost done with my char sheet, Scrungus
I think all of my crowning personal WD moments are social based come to think of it.
The acid sarcophagus gambit, gaslighting Artisan into throwing away his cure for the offshoots, and most of Schuyler's stuff
Not to say that anything Schuyler did was crowning, so to speak - he was damned from the start
Figaro!
No need, Kusakabe's helmet sends text messages.
Non's my always favorite.
You're my favorite Sadness Gremlin, Thal.
OK, here's my award for worst decision of Weaver Dice: 14:47 <JulesVern> We need to make some 10 odd awards for the best and worst decisions of Weaver Dice
dang firlz
you ask a lotta questions
just read the logs, m'boy
read the detroit session logs
on the motor city info doc
they should answer your questions
now with 150% more krampus
yeah, sure, but it's a pain in the ass to see you asking a bajillion questions that i don't wanna answer and watch the chat flood
'nawmsayin
Darn. The wifi here isn't working.
Ditto for Cleveland, Pink.
Sometimes players will be like "Whuh, (some NPC) is black?"
Sometimes I can still hear his voice...
Damn. My phone keyboard is making me slow as balls.
check yon topic
Reading logs of extant campaigns is always a good way to go
Afternoon, Tell
Lol, good job nick.
Genius idea indeed
let me back in vern
keep saff meowt
I can assist.
I'm here, but not for long, sadly.
I think I can do it. I'm running SCG but I can do multiple things
Lausanne is pretty legit.
p[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[  omv0/
Heh. Shouldn't leave the keyboard sit-on-able while I'm cooking.
Stagger penalizes the victim's next attack by -1, soulpelt|TBG.
Non -- I don't have any cats but I live with 4.
They're horrible, but in a vaguely endearing sort of way.
Fair enough.
Ripperoni.
I'll do it for you. :P
Pact games?
Marigold's doing one, IIRC.
I'll do a little one when Cleveland's done as an inbetween thing before my next WD campaign.
"Is he lying? Is he telling the truth?" Buffer overflow.
I feel like a lot of users here have been verbed.
Well, maybe not a lot, but a nontrivial amount.
That's because you're a sensible, respectful GM who runs sessions constantly and consistently, Camtist.
Your behavior is unimpeachable.
I thought that was to bargain with devils and demons in search of greater knowledge, but alright.
"That's my secret, Cap."
Meow-sand times folded finest Catnip-pon steel
It was just a broken mask, IIRC. I think he rolled the 'dead broke' flaw.
That should've been Redcap's cape name.
Surprise Period.
Yo, Cogo
For you, maybe.
I've been in 6 sessions this week.
Granted, that's because I've run them all.
Yeeeeuh
I remember it like it was yesterday...
Schuyler's my only death.
Well deserved tbh.
if the friends live they'll know your civ id. would be cool.
story wise.
that cape ain't right
Good luck, Horn Lord.
No, carry on my legacy by enabling Abby's villainy.
About 50-50.
Ashcloud, Coy, and Furor were problems. Pas, Caul, and Gungnir were not.
Sure.
Forgot that's what made Burr retire.
Sheer Heart Attack has no weaknesses.
12 ish.
Make her a ward and then use the policies in place for the termination of a cape employee to execute her.
Lmao. If they arrest Abby they'll have to confiscate her Tinkertech.
She'll just be an angry little torso.
holy shit, meg, you're beefy
Who would be on the other?
You're a stinkin' pushover, Horn Lord.
Is Punji a cape name that's already been taken?
I feel like it might be.
Hrm. OK. Thanks.
What about Spike Strip?
I could always make a very silly name instead.
I think I've done enough silly names as of late, though.
Hmm. Maybe I don't have enough silly cape names.
To go for what, Cogo?
Setting up some computers atm. Maybe in a bit? IDK.
N-nanomachines?!
Psycho Mantis!?
Cowl's not that old, I think.
It's doable.
who wrote that
I don't mind rerolling.
I don't have any pics. Saff does.
Should I trigger now?
OK. Ping me when luck is needed.
I don't know if this works in Berlin with its gun laws.
Sure. Seems out of place for a disgruntled high schooler to go to that length.
Your call. I don't mind either way.
Not necessarily, Nick. I'd rule this more as an imbue Blaster.
Rolled for Saff and unused.
B/c it didn't fit her Detroit char.
If it works, it works. If not, ping me so I can reroll.
To ignore writing/approving Master triggers, not to gen them, AFAIK.
Yes
Good
Ty
 What's this about Danny & Feral?
Unlikely, Firlz
She wouldn't get anything out of it, really.
One year after.
12 atm.
I can't wait to use my NPC "Rube Coldberg".
I need more silly NPC names for my next campaign.
I don't have enough I think.
I am the boner of my sword
I already did that one, Jackknife.
Tired.
Last day of convention. Soon I can GM again.
Thanks, Dol.
!addquote [Jan 10 18:44:15] <Antioch> Except for Vern, who has a weird sleeping schedule and lives in a ratty goblin nest built into the crumbling remains of the Berlin Wall. || [Jan 10 18:44:21] <Mari|GM> yeah vern is weird
What do the blood claws do, mechanically?
[Jan 10 18:44:15] <Antioch> Except for Vern, who has a weird sleeping schedule and lives in a ratty goblin nest built into the crumbling remains of the Berlin Wall. || [Jan 10 18:44:21] <Mari|GM> yeah vern is weird (at line 583)
A traveler/sightseer.
The Breaker one you suggested.
Breaker drill-Mover with antigrav rubble clouds.
They're going to start talking to the police to get a sense of direction, going from there.
They only traveled so much because Berlin was a sucky place to live, so now they're going to try and clean things up a bit
Never mind those two life flaws.
Missing limb and something else that I don't recall.
Maybe. I'm going with missing leg.
It'll nudge the character into using their power as often as they can get away with it.
You're the GM, so you can put a cooldown in if it feels too busted.
You rob me of my leadership position.
You rob me of my GF.
What are you exacting revenge for.
The 10000000000 times I made fun of you in chat?
Please be reasonable.
Have some perspective.
I need more silly NPC names.
For my next campaign.
I only have Rube Coldberg so far.
more things in the vein of Bone Homie.
Thal's naming sense is probably the closest to mine.
I'm looking for stuff like "The Harmacist" or whatever.
I'm disappointed, but not in the way that I hoped I would be.
Not really what I'm looking for.
Cwn has 4 guts.
You got a milestone, tubes?
It makes sense for Cwn to have 4 know, but some of her skill points are in useless / inapplicable skills like Wilderness Survival or Gen. Biology.
She's retraining those skill points into stuff like Martial Arts, Endure, or Withstand, as she trains with the PRT.
Is "working off" due to Snowdrop's power, or something else?
Legs Milestone into Soc is, hmm.
More self-confidence because you can walk again? I suppose it works.
I gotcha.
I think +1 Soc can make sense, but you gotta RP it right
It works.
Let's see...
I need to resume sessions for Dol, Nona, and SCG.
@ Nonagon, did we schedule our second session half to be tomorrow afternoon or Wednesday? Either one works for me.
Sounds good. See you then, Non.
I need to finish the aforementioned half sessions and then do one for Bow and Firlz.
Oh! Cogo has a half session that needs to be wrapped up too.
Somehow out of everyone Cogo was the first to interact with one of the Tinker Chaos factions.
A very brief interaction with Magnus's Army.
A... gal pal?
Emphasis on GRINDylow
His real power is SURFING!!!!
He and Horn Lord could have been best friends.....
It's *The* Eight Hundred.
Thank you.
Whew.
That's a lot.
If you cut off both her index and middle fingers, her knuckle tattoos will spell "K I N D".
between redcap and Lumina, personally, I think that Lumina is worse.
reprehensible, even.
A tie with Caitiff.
It's mostly diffused.
Some parts of the lake are a faint pink.
"Sure, OK. I'll ask Abby to take the bombs out of you. It worked really well for me." Said in the voice of Schuyler's ghost.
Horn Lord doesn't wear underwear, you buffoon.
We've brought Schuyler back for this one-time special appearance!
Audience applauds halfheartedly.
look man, at least I didn't sell you out to Galileo.
Hi folks.
Are people around to help me do a trigger gen?
This is for an unnamed player for a future project.
Let me see if there are more folks around to help me out and we can get started.
Super.
I wanna say something cool and striker, but the trigger does say that it's not about the syringe.
Really feeling Gate mover here.
Trying to escape something complex, institutional
I don't mind Mover/Striker, tbh.
Fly, thumbs!
The Mover power to send texts quickly and accurately!
Reminds me of Havoc. Don't think it works here, Iri.
Gee. I hope Coldgold's phone didn't die.
Iiiinteresting.
Hmm. Neat.
Brb. Driving home.
I think CG's power is closest to what I had in mind.
I'm happy with CG's trigger, honestly.
Gravy-t-ass.
Oh, I could have answered that one for you, van.
I had to look that up for Cleveland a year and a bit ago.
!addquote [Jan 30 19:07:00] <Antioch> You rob me of my leadership position. | <Antioch> You rob me of my GF. | Antioch> What are you exacting revenge for. | Antioch> The 10000000000 times I made fun of you in chat? | Antioch> Please be reasonable. | Antioch> Have some perspective.
[Jan 30 19:07:00] <Antioch> You rob me of my leadership position. | <Antioch> You rob me of my GF. | Antioch> What are you exacting revenge for. | Antioch> The 10000000000 times I made fun of you in chat? | Antioch> Please be reasonable. | Antioch> Have some perspective. (at line 517)
Flensed, if you will.
'Flense'?
That's... not a whaling reference.
Well, etymologically it is, but the definition is broader these days.
Feel free to nap.
Hell, I'll nap too.
I just got a new pair of glasses so I'm getting used to the stronger prescription
And I could use a break with them off for a bit.
Oh, yo
I thought of a good silly cape name
"Smarmalade"
Very productive nap
You're gonna love Snakebite, SCG.
I hope to achieve the same level of Yamana-esque insanity.
Yo, Non.
Ready when you are.
Roger.
!search aware
Lol, I think I gave her that power before Zaheer was a thing.
Hmm, nvm then. I think Zaheer already existed at that point.
He's kind of a tough fellow to kill, these days.
Yeah.
See "Blister".
PMing you.
You fatty.
I think I'm priming my upcoming campaign to have a very heavy focus on PR, branding, and public opinion.
It might be a good opportunity to bring back the "Cape Alpha" suggestion Bow gave me for Vancouver.
Now that I have more experience under my belt it doesn't feel as daunting, especially since I cooked up some PR soft mechanics to piggyback off the rep system.
Yeah, 'tis.
I'd probably want a finalized version of the OOG document before I revisited that idea, Mish.
What's her PHO username? "xX_MethPrincess_Xx"?
I don't think you are.
I sent you an invite.
An old, old IRL campaign I ran before I realized this server existed, JustLurking.
Nah.
I have other plans.
Lol.
Is she that self-aware?
Vorpal and Nachzehrer are having a discussion.
same
One would not.
Kill her before she finds out I'm dead.
It's a mercy, tbh.
It does feel good.
Schuyler's goals shifted around a lot when he got the bomb in his chest.
Here's a snippet on sniper rifles in Wormverse USA.
but having the instakill option does make things pretty boring, on the combat end, and there's still the logistical issues of finding a rooftop, finding a spotter, etc.
^
It means you get your legs blown off.
Haven't you been listening to Katja? Sheesh.
More like a "do it fgt i bet you wo—" kaboom.
Hmm.
OK.
!addquote 20:50 <Non|Nachzehrer> Me: *tries to make a good power* Saff: *epically trolls me by suiciding immediately*
That would be a master stroke.
I like Nach a lot. I hope I can find her in more interesting social situations. She really ought to interact with more PCs. I still look fondly on her chats with Killhand.
Yeah, I'm still running, KB.
Another session, though.
What's up?
For uh... the Grey Goo tinker?
I'm running CG in another campaign, just to get my chops for it.
Sure. It's a Magi x Controller, right?
For all intents and purposes, pelt.
@ Firlz - Bel filled me in.
The broad strokes of it, at least.
Quite clever.
Probably the best sleepy nickchange here, tbh.
Nah, 'twas Vern. I haven't gotten around to trimming the quotebanks yet.
Let's see...
Draconian flaw.
It's the Accord flaw.
Let's see what kind of neuroses and problems your character would have.
For the shard to fixate on, exacerbate.
You could be like Cody and just straight up murder anyone who makes the slant-eyes gesture at you.
E.g. for Artful Dodger, he was so hardline about not wanting to betray the Blackguards and got stuck between a rock and a hard place, so his shard picked up on that and warped that self-loathing for being a traitor into a burning hatred for snitches, backstabbers, and the like.
Dodger's coming to fuck your shit up, Bel
!search triple
I think that something that nudges her towards severe aggression would be fun to play, as well as in line with shard motives.
Lashing out at every person and thing that drove her to attempt suicide in the first place.
Where Taylor buckles down and sucks it up when she keeps getting bullied, maybe you lash out and snap.
Hmm...
#notthemen
:p
Hates liars, maybe.
It's a facet of the drama, the two-facedness that puts her in that position.
Ooh. Inferiority complex. Does tie in nicely with the trigger.
Not just fake friends, but any fakeness in general, tbh. Gets to the point where anyone who isn't truly genuine /grates/, and the ones who are she still suspects of ulterior motives, mebbe.
Yeah, 'tis.
Hmm, I wonder if Coil has any flaws.
'Ambitious', maybe.
I gave Schuyler that flaw on accident ;-;
But yeah, any of those ideas strike a particular chord for you, Saff?
Draconian is more about aggressively forcing others to meet your standards and pulverizing them when they don't, imo.
Haha, shit.
I hope this character never runs into my Detroit character.
Cody is... the worst.
I don't even know where to begin.
Cody is a high school womanizer who triggered after a girl he dumped turned out to be a flier, kidnapped him, and dropped him from the sky after making a snide comment about the Mile High Club.
He survived and lives on to continue his habit of mackin' on bitches and beating racists into the school urinal until either their teeth or the porcelain gives way.
If you are a bitch, I must mack.
It's a flaw of his.
The other few bitches I am currently macking on will be sure to exact retribution on me as well.
This is the part where Thal crucifies me, I think.
I cannot deny the urge to mack.
It is a life flaw.
!search sauron
You betrayed coldhand so you wouldn't have to fight nach.
You traitor
I do. Whoops.
I'm working off a merc/corporate hero team concept for the upcoming campaign.
Have I done that idea before, Mish?
that's a cool power. I don't know what trigger is for, but I like it, mechanically speaking.
it's
After an enemy is taken down.
Makes it worthwhile for multi-opponent fights, shard drives the cape to go for the kill.
Enemy or long rest.
Ehn, short rest is fine.
Tis a perk.
now Claire is the bully
Just run Nick a lot.
It'll give you practice.
Harden your heart.
!addquote <Lurks|GM> I just really hate killing people off. 9:52 PM <&Antioch> Just run Nick a lot.  <Antioch> It'll give you practice. <Antioch> Harden your heart.
My process is "let's make some bitchin, if generic equipment. Now what thematic stuff could I add to make that equipment less generic, and more bitchin'?"
Bow's Tinker sheets are spicy across the board. I'm more hit-and-miss.
Sure, do it
I'm just ploppin' down whatever tickles me atm
What was the calculation for, Non?
I don't think there's too much merit (personally) in filling out every gosh danged table, but it's a nice place to pop whatever ideas I don't mind keeping in the pocket for later.
I literally shat out "Landslider - wheels on m'feets", don't give me too much credit
Sure. I'm filling out that doc purely for my own benefit, not really for anyone else if I'm to be perfectly honest. I don't mind if other people get something out of it, but it's not what I have in mind when I fill it in.
Hmm.
I think I should take a break from filling out the Specialty tables.
I just put down "LIL FLYING CHEMTRAIL ROBOT" for the Toxin Drone, so I think it's about time to cash in my chips.
Lol. Nothing I did there should really be classified as masterful.
wheels, wheels, wheels on m'feets
wheels on m'feets my daaarlin'~\
night, y'all
@ Nick, ColdGold, Nonagon, whoever else
Channel limit upped by 15
Hope it's enough. Let me know if it isn't.
Caitiff is pretty close to the latter.
Cleveland
A goodish bit, I think
?
Cwn was fighting a one-woman shadow war against her own angst
Obsession with worthiness/worthlessness?
Obsession with overturning oppressors?
Obsession and condemnation of ulterior motives?
Hatred, condemnation, and revulsion of close personal relationships?
Who here besides me and Non has context for the Guandao character?
Hey, Nick
Could you link me to that document with campaign demographics
Like the one you have for Pueblo where you keep track of classification and gender and etc
the third one, imo.
I need to learn how to do more Google Sheets voodoo.
Thanks, Nick.
Yeah
IDK
My family was pretty intense on the sports up until I broke my leg
I'm trying to make a spreadsheet that collates the statistics in question for the Pueblo doc while retaining the general formatting/methodologies of your PC doc
But I don't have the know-how to get it right
GSheets is vexing me with not reading the 'CL' range
Yeah
Your enemies?
Ty. No rush.
By which I mean "you owe me for upping the channel limit, meat-slave".
same
I'm already the champion of lol racism.
You can't horn in on my turf.
Yes. I am a representative sample of this entire chatroom.
I'll PM you.
Well, never mind then.
Lol, I remember why you're on my cleveland banlist now
Why are you so cancerous, dude
In a weird way, that both doesn't and does answer my question
Yeah. There have been a few people who've just been real tools, either being troublesome in chat or just real tools about wanting to join it
Just not people I'd want to deal with in an extended "I'm your GM" sense, y'know?
Nah, you're not
Most folks on there aren't here anymore
But yeah, Nick, you see what I'm talking about with the CL thing?
Column range in Googsheets
Nice.
My class demographics are super janked up
No Tinker skew this time though
Weird
Should I use slashes instead of commas?
Woo. I think I can frankenstein something together to feed the graphs later.
Brb, gonna head home and make an early lunch
Thanks again for your help
(To clarify, JL, you'd've known if you were on there when you applied. I'm generally pretty up front about these sorts of things.)
Mid Feb for lotto/chargen.
3 more arcs before I can take it out behind the shed and shoot it.
Yeah. Feels a little short. I dunno if I'll be able to give them the full experience
Might give chits to winning applicants who're looking for a potentially longer game for entry into my next campaign. Mebbe.
Nah. I don't wanna tread that closely to canon
Probably gonna reuse some Vancouver conceits
I might change it to something similar but less verbose
Like "village drunkard"
I feel like that maxim applies to a lot of Saff's characters.
Which cape would you use to fight AQ, lurks
Good luck
I might do a fight one of my NPCs minigame for fun today
that's a lotta shrimps
3 arcs is kind of hefty in my eyes these days
one 'session' is generally broken up into three chunks, not necessarily chronologically proximate
that's the key to good GMing
I can host you in #WDCleveland2, Bel.
Thanks, Nick.
I think that cat pun inflation is a decent tactic.
Would you mind if I took a look at your Sicol one, Tell? I'm hoping to put one together myself.
Oh, I got it.
I wonder how 'Cloaking Hazard' does, as far as a cape name goes.
{ rude: ☑ | same: ☑ | true: ☑ } 
I definitely enjoyed it, Cogo b
.
Hella
tomorrow or sat is fine by me
making fancydinner rn
What's up, Vern?
And what did you want to ask about Cantus, Mega?
Just let the consequences unfold naturally.
Yeah. That makes sense.
#WDCleveland2 Bel and Dol
Well, when you run your own campaign, Firlz, you can make it a house rule.
It's a GM-by-GM thing, really.
Firlz will bug any GM any time, up until he realizes it's an ineffective tactic for that one particular GM, and even then it's not always the case.
Counteroffer: shove it right up your bunghole.
Why did you think that, Fir?
This is pretty much all your fault, not gonna lie.
Rough rolls, SCG.
tfw you're abandoned by mendez
I'll see what Mega will do for you, tomorrow.
I think there are options for creativity, like targeting the environment, getting into the car and trying to run them over while doing drive-by shootings, et cetera.
One wheel half-attached hardly makes a car undriveable, scrags :p
DEJA VU!
when you replace a tire, you put all the bolts in and tighten them a little bit at a time in a star pattern
harsh
The encounter I random-rolled for SCG's session was a rough matchup, regrettably. G.G. was probably the worst out of my list of Tinkers that were 'wandering monsters' for Gigawatt.
Electromagnetism/ferrofluid specialist.
The trunkarino bambino gambit did narrow down your options, I think, Scrags.
Or was it the trunkaroonie bamboonie?
Got it.
Help may come before then.
Lol. I have an NPC cape called Paper Tiger.
He can be shot.
That does have the unfortunate side effect of freezing CB in place for an indeterminate period of time.
Time-freeze wedgies are the worst.
Alexandria packages are commonish in WD, imo
Common as NPC, moreso
 /kill tubes ok ; - ;
I'm in the mood for chatting about skills, mostly.
Think it was because skill changes came up a few times in SCG's session.
Accuracy - > Aim/Gunfighting, Subterfuge -> Deception/Charm
I feel like that's less a combo and more the fact that stealth as a system doesn't really have any mechanical support at the moment, to be honest.
'Surprise' as a term is pretty mechanically vague, though.
I have inklings of a d6-based Stealth system that works off of scales of alertless, sort of MGS-like, but I haven't really committed the thoughts to writing.
It's a natural reflex now, a symptom of your inner corruption.
Absolute madman.
Weapon Spec, Negotiation, Sneak...
Withstand, also.
I remember seeing a revamped version of Withstand but it's not on the main doc.
I dunno if we wanna get that granular? At least not yet, when we could fill out the broader skill sheet first.
That's one of the reasons why I feel like I like it, Jyg.
Hard to put into words, but WD as a vehicle for narrative is why I'm a GM, roughly speaking.
I can never tell as exciting of a story with D&D, even with fudging and bullshitting and shenaniganry behind the DM screen
Hard to say what appeals to a broad audience, for me. I'm just in it for me, and generally I get more of a kick out of GMing than playing, as a general rule that applies over var. systems.
But I think I'd be unhappy if WD traveled in a direction that made it easier to pick up, to a certain extent.
The tangles and snarls I can think of are problems that are generally symptomatic of poor RP, y'know?
Hrmm.
It may just be the way I run things.
I think that it being a system that's hard to powergame in is a solid pro, personally.
I dunno if you can call it 'powergaming', since her power was made by other people.
Also, Lilith's HP pool was average. Near the end, she had a few pips of ablative blood armor.
There are 'dump stats', so to speak, but different dump stats exist for different character archetypes.
I've never had 3 Know or lower, but that is one of my smaller gripes with the system.
The quantity of skills you can take is pretty low, even with 4 Know.
Ditto.
The quantity of skills you can take is pretty low
So what ends up happening is you have one or two things, maybe three, that your character is especially good at
*lived
So you end up leaning on the same toolbox for most situations you run into
She robbed it with another cape, to be fair, Divock.
It was also a pawn shop and not an actual gun store.
I think you had a lot of underlings for that one.
Right, but they don't sell exclusively guns.
Gang members generally don't have great guns, Faust.
But back to the skills thing--
Either you're in a situation where your skills apply and you kick ass, or you're rolling flat dice and relying on luck
It's something that can be worked around with a good GM, but it's not something that the system naturally accommodates, imo.
Did you mean to put that 'not' in there, Thalia? It feels out of place.
On average, I like life flaws more, but my favorite flaw is a power flaw.
That one's fun.
Cwn Annwn has it.
It's the driving force behind her shitty life circumstances at the moment.
I like most life perks for that reason, Thalia.
Constraints help me give a character more depth, I think.
Some power flaws become interesting story points.
Like, by virtue of shard intent, power flaws are a way to generate conflict for the cape later on down the line.
Generally by putting them into a bad situation.
I think that a character that faces their impending death will have a very interesting story and a very interesting death, Lex.
Not that I'm aware of.
[ <soulpelt|> o.o <Antioch|GM> 20:57 <~Antioch|GM> It's a nice car, handling smoo - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
the trunkarino bambino gambit didn't pay off
Hi Mega.
I think you've seen the Cleveland logs.
Have some things to follow up w/ you, regarding those.
No continuation.
Still waiting on Bel to be free / resolve interaction with Dol.
May have to kill him for being mouthy to Capo II and redact the Dags/Brigid session altogether, which would be a shame.
I need to finish SCG's first, for Baltimore.
I've been pretty busy recently.
Any weekday this upcoming week should be good for me, Nick.
Ready when you guys are.
Who-oa Black Betty
(bam-balam)
Tuesday works for me. Around this time then?
Sure thing, Nick. I'll see how early I can start.
Could be as early as two hours from now on Tuesday, or as late as about now on Tuesday, but former is more likely.
Ty.
Sorry Bel. If it helps your chef is pretty good.
For an ex-felon.
"Bone apple-tea."
"Badabing badaboom."
"Bon Applebee's."
I can't imagine Schuyler got too many 'attractive' benefits there at the end.
Sure, but he's also haunted by his own crimes, his impending death, and not eating very well.
Poor fella. Maybe his ghost will haunt the Keepers HQ.
What heart? :P
"Hey, Abby, me and this superheroine are going to abandon Sicol Bend and get married. See ya."
-sound of explosion-
Ava's turning you into Bizarro Ravel.
You're going to have to flip-turn your personality to drive off all your former fans.
You had something lined up, Zene?
Ah, didn't know you were in Talinn.
You probably told me at some point and I forgot.
Righto.
channel limit?!
Maybe I somehow lost my exemption when we bumped the limit up to 60.
Central.
It would be cool to see someone suffering under a Master compulsion to say everything to the tune of 'Camptown Racers'z
*.
!delquote 505
@ Lid -- I had an NPC named Scheherazade that never got used.
I think she was mentioned off-handedly in a session where the fact that she didn't sleep was relevant.
Say, Teller, are you around for a quick question?
I was wondering about your naming sense/process for capes. You use a lot of cape names that I think are really cool, but would have never thought of myself, like Finial and Ampersand.
OK. *says this in securely in voice of someone who's certain they won't be harmed*
It's cool that you were developed along enough that it was a constraint you could take into consideration.
I'd love to chat with you about your process for designing a campaign at some point.
Tong Ling Ta is just literally Ziggurat.
Literally translated, character-by-character, it means "through spirit tower".
I think that a few Chinese cape names here and there translate well, but they may be the exception to the rule?
For example, I'm fond of Sicol Bend's Thousand Hands (Qianshou) and Cleveland's Jiangjun, which has the nice double meaning of 'General' or 'Check' (the chess terminology.
)
I need more punny cape names, m'self.
A good cape name, I feel, informs just as much (if not more) about the cape's personality than their powers.
@ iridium248 -- It is in xiangqi, at least.
I'm happy with some of my cape names, but for the cape names that I'm kind of 'meh' about, I find that I'm also pretty 'meh' about them as NPCs.
I want to make sure all of my major NPCs (and generally, in WD, every cape is major in some aspect or another) gets the amount of depth they deserve, and I think choosing the right name is a good start along that line of thought.
But on the flip side, I suppose for every NPC I'm sort of 'meh' about, there are a lot that I truly like, for whom characterization comes easily to me.
Yeah, that's true.
It feels a little weird to have 'minor' capes. Makes me wonder if that's a consequence of scope.
I think that in general, if you're trying to be a minor cape, your shard might take offense and nudge you into chaos either overtly or subtly.
Yeah, that's true. A lot of my NPCs have benefited significantly from their interactions with other PCs.
Cantus Aureus wouldn't be as awesome as he is without ColdGold's assistance.
No, it really helped, Saff. It gave me reason to flesh them out to the depth I did.
Hence why you help me dynamically grow my NPCs, in general.
I think I always need at least two or three players that have the right temperament to make the city and its occupants as dynamic as I can.
Hey, his hands weren't grubby. They were well-manicured.
I'm glad he was Alex and Abby's ticket to the spotlight.
I'm really curious to see where Alex is headed from here.
40% of living Sicol Bend PCs have no interactions with the Doctors, AFAIK.
I think getting quizzed and asked various curious questions about certain NPCs is something that really helps me give them more depth. Often it's just a matter of hey it's a good question, I never considered that, or I try to approach answering the question from the perspective of the NPC and glean some new insight in a tangential sense.
By all means. Ever since you defected to them they've become the most fleshed out NPCs, I think.
Not yet.
Most of this discussion is being spurred on by the fact that I'm tinkering on my new campaign in the background, to be clear. I think I'm satisfied with Cleveland as it is right now.
Insofar as the pieces are pretty much all in place, and I'm just waiting for it to reach its conclusion.
No they won't.
As evidenced by:
23:32 <Firlz> I don't
23:32 <Firlz> I just leave this on and then chat when I feel like it
They will not see.
Remain forever oblivious.
Return to dust.
I reiterate my doubts.
We're poking fun at your IRL Wits stat of 1, Fir.
1.5?
But yeah. I'm looking at my list of NPCs, and some of them are like, "yeah! this is awesome! the backstory and characterizations practically write themselves!" but a few others are like, "hmm, I dunno what I can do with you guys," so I'm mulling over possible solutions.
I think I'm putting the cart before the horse, as I'm writing out characters as individual actors and coming up with group dynamics and status quo based off of those, but I think I need a stronger driving conceit so I can put in a few characters that I know will be major players, etc?
Not sure if anything I just said made a lick of sense.
I didn't really have a story or theme for Cleveland. 
Things snowballed to the point where the narrative was wholly player-driven, but there were parts, especially early on, where I felt like the narrative really fell flat for that reason.
They were just... setting elements, really.
I didn't have anything intricate planned. Just 'this is a thing that will happen, how will the PCs react?' sort of thing, I guess.
I'm moreso discussing a future campaign I'm poking around with and getting the basic elements off the ground, Words, although I'm reflecting on it in the context of Cleveland.
Nah. Sanction's a personal project that I'm approaching with a completely different methodology. That RP is solely a means to improve my own original writing, tubes.
Sorry. The applications are full up, and I'm sort of regretful about letting new players into the game when I know it's slated to end rather soon.
Another WD campaign. It won't be for a while, but it's close enough in the future that it merits me tinkering around with it and rolling it around in my head.
I won't jump into it immediately after I put Cleveland in the dirt. I'll be running a PD campaign as a palate cleanser.
Police Department campaign.
Wee-oo, wee-oo.
I can't imagine a PRT campaign would be too much fun, Teller.
What facets of it are appealing to you?
I'm wondering if there's a way to take those interesting facets and utilize them elsewhere, without all of the inherent 'yikes' that a PRT campaign entails.
Hmm, yeah, I get that.
Re: things not going "according to plan"...
I'm not certain that I have plans, the majority of the time.
I guess PCs have their own motivations, which interact with NPCs, with their own motivations.
But they feel less like my plans than the characters' own plans?
Which doesn't necessarily make for a compelling narrative?
I'm not quite sure what I'm trying to get at here. I feel like I'm dancing around something nebulous.
I think one of the reasons why Saff's one of my favorite players is because her character goals are very organic. They're personality-driven and personal, and that organic-ness bleeds through and permeates into the setting.
Ahh. I don't think I can simulate things that rigorously.
I don't necessarily play things out in my head. My NPCs surprise me as often as my players do, I think. The story tends to write itself.
I think I understand what you're getting at.
Some of my favorite sessions have been the ones that take me completely off-guard.
Depends on the source of the blood.
Wiping it aside feels more like a partial to me, but the forehead bleeds a shitton, so staunching it might be more dedicated.
I'm glad I was able to help. I had a lot of fun.
It's really satisfying to see how things I've done impacted the narrative.
It makes me want to run a smaller campaign so that the ripples are bigger, relatively speaking.
Regrettable that the conceit I'm operating off only really works in metropolis-size cities.
I also appreciate players who shake up the big picture, who disrupt the status quo and force others to -react-.
I think there's a bit of a shortage of that for my own campaign, although Longinus and Lilith did their respective jobs well.
Hey Cogo.
Good night, everyone.
Man. On the subject of legit cape names
Bankrupt had a fucking legit cape name
You're on a roll, van
I'm really happy with #weaverdice as I reflect on it
We're getting to the point where there's an ongoing session most days, and it's not an uncommon sight to see multiple ongoing simultaneously
It's satisfying to see that the community's grown to that extent, particularly with respect to contributors
I can't say for sure when we crossed that threshold, to be honest
But it's just something that struck me as I sat down and pondered it
Incidentally, Mega, are you free anytime within, let's say, ~3.5 hours from now?
Err, after, not within
My bad
Actual choir practice is on Wednesdays, IIRC.
What's with this fakey-fake choir practice
Ah, fair enough
Huh, OK.
Fair enough. Drop me a line if you're interested in doing something when it's over, or otherwise want to schedule something?
I think Camtist is a real contender as well.
Pfft.
The availability document existed before you joined this server, Foss.
Hell, it existed before I joined.
I also think it's cool that there are always 15+ people lurking in the channel of most active games at any given time
We've come a good ways.
I personally don't think the availability document is worth much, simply because a lot of folks here don't necessarily conform to a rigorous weekly schedule
And those that do still have irregularities
There's a reason why the original version fell through, for the most part
We've also accrued a lot of polish, in the WD sense
Campaign docs are shinier, on average.
Pretty much all the polish has been thanks to Teller, yeah.
SOMA was there too.
Good times. For a given value of good.
Longinus' player.
Most might be a bit of a stretch.
No problem.
You make characters when you're accepted into a campaign, usually.
thicc dad
I'm mildly amused that the Belaris option has become a WD shibboleth
A phrase unique to the culture, sort of?
To be fair, Mega kind of does that too.
Valiant only recruited Killhand so late in the game because the PRT dropped the ball on crisis points super hard post-Auswahlen for a while.
Nah. After.
She got the free time to go on the trip because school got closed temporarily.
Editable as well, so feel free to add your own.
He was a Striker/Brute who reinforced things on touch, and translated to a weak petrification touch for close range. He never got to use the latter.
parahumans is prolly fine, turco.
Ronald Ray-Gun
'Shackle' Master. Intangible 'energy' tether links cape with one specific target, granting certain effects that scale up as the tether solidifies into a tangible object, up to and including:
Psychometric read of target's emotional state, reduced damage from attacks originating from said target, inability to move a certain distance away from the cape, a morale penalty, etc...
She's like a less prolific Figaro.
Hey Tuzi.
I'm actually OK to run Freeman right now.
Are you available?
Cool.
Hey, you want to know something nice?
One of your Saturday slots opened up.
Gigawatt, who was slated for Saturday, was instead kidnapped and imprisoned by Tinkers.
So there's that.
I think all you need to do is Conquistador, then, actually.
To get caught up.
Sirocco's time has been spent, essentially.
You had the discussion with him with Findlay present, and that was pretty on par with your allotted time.
You can follow up on it later in the afternoon, if you think it's pertinent, since Gigawatt's session isn't going to happen.
#WDCleveland2, then.
Yeah. I'm helping out Saff, because she's turning her backstory into a narrative, and got caught on one particular character interaction.
Hashing it out as an RP could smooth out the kinks.
Raul Delcorsano.
Nah, he is, at this point, opening the door.
Not out of the room yet -- I'd wanted to give you a chance to react.
Yeah, it's a power flaw.
It's -extremely- dissonant to be jumping between Kelly and Conquistador's personalities.
I'm getting emotional whiplash.
Momentum-detonation Striker.
If it matters, he's also 20.
Cussboy.
Conquistador, to clarify.
Fuck.
Boy.
There, two sentences.
Yeah, Meatshield is definitely my favorite part of Strongarm right now.
; - ;
Strongarm's a cool skill.
I'm pretty jazzed in general about all of the new skills, really.
Lol.
you're a demense
Freeman is just three therapy goblins living in a leathery suit of some skinned dude.
bork
Freeman really earning his paycheck here.
I feel like there's a balance to be struck for these sorts of sessions
Where Conquistador is a truculent dick but doesn't just stubbornly call you an old cunt every single line without getting anywhere
It's as much of an opportunity for me as a GM to think on that character and how they operate, as well
That's certainly a turn of phrase.
BRB.
Oh dang
Your sessions are good quality, Vern. I've been enjoying reading them.
I should have that sheet for you by Wednesday.
It just means that I'm nearly done with that character sheet.
mr sword
Nah. It's a medium-size town in missouri. About 100k pop.
Not big enough for a real department.
Two, maybe 3 Protectorate capes, more if the villain scene is a little more active there.
Sorry, IRCcloud is overloaded apparently.
I'm having difficulty sending my messages.
Indomitable is Bow's cape! What are you trying to pull, Tuzi?
BRB.
Teruzo! How masculine. How Macho.
Thanks for the sessions, Tuzo and Soff.
I really like sessions where not necessarily much happens, but it gives me a lot of opportunities to breathe more life into a character.
It's hard to strike a balance between the character development and the action, I feel, since every player has their own preferences.
Always happy to help. It's flattering that you're turning my sessions into a legitimate narrative.
I totally get that someone in the throes of depression might not be fun to play, yeah.
I think the most stressful role in WD is a puppet of two Tinkers who are controlling you via a bomb in the chest.
Personally speaking.
That wasn't me.
I'm pretty curious what Hoagie will do when she reads my note.
Abby is 12.
IDK about Jade.
"[19:38:02] <Antioch> I think the most stressful role in WD is a puppet of two Tinkers who are controlling you via a bomb in the chest." Maybe if you're a pussy.
!search blu
!search a blu
What about "Hey clowns and clones"?
Dyson Street!
Hahahaha
That's slick, Mish. Good job
Howdy, Mega.
Hey Dol.
Wondering if you'd be up for a quick-ish session today, Mega.
Quick compared to my usual standards, that is.
I don't think my sessions -usually- run that long. It's just that they're two or three-parters that are maybe six or so hours apiece.
I'm not entirely happy about that, to be honest. I'd like to tackle things quickly, cut to the meat of things, some of the time.
But I feel like I get caught up in the minutiae for a good bit of it.
I think the pacing of CG's sessions yesterday was really well done, Vern
I keep my post response time to 10 minutes at the maximum, but I try to aim for five.
I usually do the whole post in a big chunk unless I'm A) on my phone, B) dialoguing.
B) gives the other player to interrupt, which can be important.
e.g. the Freeman and Sirocco dialogue, which would have undoubtedly gone worse if he hadn't cut in / cut him off at certain junctures.
Man, you know what the real shame about Conquistador leaving Cleveland is?
He never got to fight Strafe. The shit-talk on both ends would have been magnificent.
I -try- not to do that. It's probably more to my detriment, because sometimes I drop a line or a scene that doesn't really have anything for a player to react to, and I'm hoping for just a general post on their state of mind.
And then someone like SCG just wait for 10 minutes and then goes || without adding anything.
Agreed.
I think this sort of boils down to the level of granularity that the GM-player back-and-forth is broken down into.
There's a balance to be struck between advancing the session at a reasonable pace and having enough details to enrich the narrative.
At the moment, I feel I skew too heavily to the latter side, and I'm definitely interested in working on that.
vander is the WD Best Rookie GM of 2017. I'm calling it now.
Last year went to Camtist, imo.
I didn't have that much competition that year, to be fair.
2017 is your year, Vern.
Berlin is coming in strong. Keep it up.
I like running Tinkers.
Skill scarcity/narrowness is something I've been trying to mull over on the WD front. I feel like pretty much every mechanical issue can be solved via having good players (which applies to most things, really) which isn't ideal, but I'm personally happy with it.
need(say)?
I don't quite hurble(gurble) what you're saying. :P
Sure. That's a reasonable statement, Non.
Kind of abstract here, but I think that the codifying of more skills (and the limitations thereof) is kind of like...
You have a bunch of farm animals (players) in a pasture. Some of them roam freely, some of them stay close to their troughs.
The skills are like... putting a fence around the pasture. The trough-animals look at the fence and say, "whoa! look how big our pasture is!" and the roaming-animals look at the fence and say "hooey, we can't wander as much."
That's... a really weird way of putting it and I can't 100% clear up my head about how to better put things.
On the whole I think skills are cool (I love Strongarm and Gunfighting, because they're neat and they afford people cool options) but by making people meet the requirements for a certain skill trait it's locked off from... hrmm. I can't quite finish my line of thought.
I'm trying to remember what I said with Pink but I don't quite recall it
That's a good way of putting it, I think, Van
Skills give your character more mechanical definition than narrative definition, which isn't bad when you have cool folks who already give their players good narrative definition
But then you have Firlz, for example
One sec -- I'm going to find someplace to charge up my laptop and I'll hop into #gamedesign too
Writing up a charsheet at some point becomes weighing "I want to pick up skills that inform who my character is as a person" against "I want to pick up skills that optimize my encounter potential"
I dunno? I feel like it's unfair to judge a system by the players who abuse it
But there's, hrm
OK, laptop is dying. BRB.
when you press the eject button, the cd tray pops out and throws ninja stars.
you can have it all, my empire of dirt
Hey, Megafire.
You available?
Sure thing. Ping me when you'll be free.
Yeah. To Mega's timeline question.
!addquote 19:19 <Megafire> I'm not a real Director! I just play one on TV!
I don't think Lung started it. He just took it over.
But Waffle with the 'w' gone sounds like 'awful'
I'm in a college town with three or four waffle houses and I hear that joke a lot
Sphere did that.
I'm sure there are plenty others.
It's a subset of most Architect methodologies
Drones that assist megaproject construction, that is
Nah. He doesn't- not yet, at least.
I'd GM a Toybox campaign, but I like Tinkers, generally speaking.
I don't know if I should ever play a cyborg Tinker.
I'd have to suspend a lot of my actual knowledge about prosthesis.
Sure, I'll chip in.
I blew a few small fuses when Teller described the tactile feedback Claire's new legs were giving her. :p
Yeah.
About to be one, I believe.
I gotta finish his Grey Goo tinker table for that one, tubes
I'm working on something.
Shrapnel, for the cut effect.
I added some things at the bottom to give the Thinker aspect some more oomph.
A Thinker-push ability with corresponding headache backlash.
Hmm, I get that.
I've nixed that bit, Vern.
There are enough incentives with Tactics to take it with this power that I don't need to add the restriction, IMO.
The ability to stuff an action-in-progress as per one of the Tactics pips is pretty valuable.
Cool. Think we're good for luck, then?
Hey Mega.
Nah. Just make more mine options with limited charges of each.
Four mines: Gunk, Claymore, Concussion-Shove, and... hm.
Frag mine.
Hmm. Spy node? I don't dislike it but it's the black sheep of the group.
Oilslick mine.
Coats the nearby surface with tacky, glue your feet to the ground liquid forcefield.
Enough to make a car going 60kph brake kind of sticky.
The original.
I added the four bombs into the power doc.
Now I've got class, so I'm done. See you guys in an hour or so.
I went with the oil slick one.
Also, I have class now. See ya.
Oh, right.
12 charges.
One mine eats one charge.
Using the same mine again eats two charges.
Again, 3 charges.
So forth.
I'll alter the doc later.
I always felt like powergen should be we all make our own powers, may the best one win
If we all work on the same power it feels like a too many cooks thing
Cashy does votes, IIRC.
0.5 even, imo. but it's not a huge deal
As someone familiar with RRO, I sure as hell don't want to be the mod who enforces that during a powergen.
Well, I can just mute the room for that one.
But it's obnoxious insofar as I'd rather make a power than administrate a bunch of squabbling genners.
I defer my power writeups to better ones a lot. It's not offensive, it's an opportunity to bone up on your gen skills.
I'm game, though I'm in the midst of writing a fellowships proposal so I might drag my feet.
Close personal relationship, sudden reappearance, accrued negative attention. Scapegoat, 'shield', guardian, rot.
The corruption that drives his younger brother to kill on a whim.
Gotcha. One sec.
Aye. In the midst of writing one.
11:56 <~Wildbow> Don't do a full writeup
11:56 <Ellardy> Attention is both hostile and persistent but it's very passive
11:56 <~Wildbow> But do just outline the power & direction and whatever else.
Number 1 is pretty fucked up for some guy who's just getting stalked by his brother. It feels like it's got the horrifying power tacked on from the get-go. Other than that, I generally like it, though I wonder how easy it is to slurp up someone's brain, and if the takeover is essentially permanent. More curiosity about how that power would play out
narratively than any concern about mechanics or anything.
I like it well enough.
o/
Nah.
I think Bow is keeping track.
Doesn't really tickle me, insofar as I can't see myself having too much fun playing it.
o/
The wording is a little confusing, but I think I can see the general thrust of it. It seems a bit of a pain in the rear to GM, but that may just be me having difficulty interpreting how it works.
Taunt effects are, mm. I don't especially like using them? I think that there are powers that can probably utilize them elegantly, but between the effect, the scaling, and the vector, it feels a little disjoint.
Hey, we didn't use $classes for the Berlin trigger earlier today, Vern
I've always seen $classes as more of a "let's not write any more of this sort of trigger for a little while" rather than a "let's toss this classification by the wayside in an effort to keep $classes balanced".
But I digress.
Who made the 'skull flies out of your face' one? That was cool.
Ahh, didn't occur to me that you did one too
Silly me.
Yeah, that does make sense.
5 options feels like a good pool to vote on, I think. I'm pretty happy with how this test run turned out
I think that the GM has the final say about the mechanical implementation, but I don't really see any harm in having people chime in about it.
I think that the GM has the final say about the mechanical implementation, but I don't really see any harm in having people chime in about it.
Pardon any slow responses. IRCcloud got overloaded again, apparently.
Oh yay, I'm back!
Anything neat happen in my absence?
I kind of assumed the person with the winning suggestion would tackle the meat of the writeup.
Li Zicheng certainly enjoys it.
That's the one where Katja's polite.
[ rude: ☑ | same: ☑ | true: ☑ ]
Motion to call the Think Tank where Katja is derelict and raggedy-looking 'Stink Tank'.
The AU where Snowdrop turns her power towards offering psychiatric support would involve, perhaps, 'Shrink Tank'.
It'll keep it on the DL for you, tubes.
'cause we're buddies.
-in the voice of Claire- "Oh my god, she thinks I'm her friend?!"
*said in the voice of Schuyler's ghost* "No. Just let Nonagon arrest you."
I'm pumped for Kura to be in San Raul soon
I had a lot of fun making that power
It's also cool to have those "see if you can figure out your True Specialty" Tinkers
too bad dark reprise isn't even hot
poor michael
Hey Nonagon, do you still have the writeup for my Berlin power? IRCcloud is being annoying and not giving me the #weaverdice archives.
Prince of Egypt had a good soundtrack as well.
You gotta go hard
Is Trench 5 the Bet version of Rainbow Six? :p
good job mishie.
you really clinched those rolls where it counted
The chicken bone in Sicol is like the icicle in Grantsville
The affectation of the period after the exclamation point really characterizes your disdain for Zoup!
!addquote <Nonagon> BAD babysitter: "Murder is wrong. Don't murder me." gets murdered GOOD babysitter: "Well, he probably deserved it."
Damnit. Done up the butt by my italics plugin once again.
!delquote 512
!addquote <Nonagon> BAD babysitter: "Murder is wrong. Don't murder me." gets murdered GOOD babysitter: "Well, he probably deserved it."
>.>
That's a very relative scale.
They're okay in that for the time being they're doing more or less what you need them to as a Director.
And everyone kind of looks normal-ish when you put them next to Cwn and Gigawatt.
Actually, Ripcord's flight is based on his self-telekinesis. Power testing has made him acutely aware of the upper limits of the weight he can lift, and he's starving himself, terrified of an impending growth spurt and confronted with the possibility that he might lose his flight.
Have Forgemaster surgically replace his bones with lighter, hollow ones?
relationship with corn syrup ended gum syrup is my new best friend
I can clarify if needed. I was one of the participants.
I think that the person whose power got voted in should do the core mechanics, but I don't know how often that'll work well in practice
A lot of that is colored by the bias / assumption that the person whose power gets voted in is someone who's capable of designing mechanically sound powers
'twould work with some GMs, but maybe not all.
I can fetch you the logs.
And annotations regarding whose power was whose, as best as I can recall.
Or Kelly could be really oblivious and not see the gesture being made amidst all the dark smoke, but I like what Gwyn is going for here.
Could be both, really!
Sure. I'll post it here.
@ Teller
If you have questions, I can chime in with answers. In the lab so may be slow.
I'm marginally available.
Enough to contribute concepts, if not mechanics.
Who're you Freemanning, Tuz?
Gotcha gotcha.
Freeman's in such high demand these days!
He's just getting shuttled around the US to deal with every crumbling department.
You tricked yourself.
Watch my amazing prowess at predicting the future. I see... I see Antioch NOT running Firlz in Cleveland in the next two days!
Nick is the best here.
That data is immediately verifiable.
*mod
Sorry to hear, tubes. I hope your living situation/circumstances improve. Good luck.
If you need to get in touch with Ties, he shows up on the other server I'm on
From time to time, and I can drop him a line
Ah, sure, I wasn't sure about the reason you were looking for him
Half-Life is set in the Wormverse and Freeman's brother works for Black Mesa
Hey ColdGold, do you want to resume yesterday's gen at some point?
Yeah, Pink.
I'm not 100% sure. I was kind of busy yesterday.
I don't think they settled on a power concept, actually.
No, the gen after that. That one was finished.
At some point down the line.
After 4pm your time
It felt long to me, although that feeling was probably more me having a narcoleptic attack in the middle.
I have an idea but no laptop. Sorry.
The range subcat is throwing me off. Not quite sure it fits the trigger.
I have a power in mind but I also have to proctor a test soon so don't let me hold up the gen.
Ditto
I'm more in the bird camp here.
I was thinking of a bird attack that applied a stacking debuff that lowered the critical threshold bit by bit, among other effects, but I'm a little preoccupied atm.
If it's still ongoing when I get to a computer I'll chip in.
Vern's not a fan of the formulaic approach, afaik.
I like it because it gives me points to jump off from, but I don't like adhering too closely to the document writeups/templates, personally
It's a super shortcut for NPCs
I feel like I put myself in narrative/mechanical corners if the approach to power gen is too cut-and-dry
Like... we could get to the point where we say "Blaster, OK. Accuracy, OK. Effect, OK. It's a bird. What elements? Gust and Weakness." and make a power from there.
But it's not got the depth/human touch that I'm cravin'
I like the elements too
But we oughta take it one step further at least, imo.
If we go with the birds thing, Tuz, could you name your cape "A Flock of Seagulls"?
Birdemic
@ Yum: Generally, for powergenning Tinkers, we propose a concept (Tinker specialization, methodology) and don't do the table until the suggestion goes through
Otherwise it's a lot of work
I'm almost to a computer, folks.
A sense of security that's very concretely broken.
I'll write something up in a moment.
I have a computer now.
You clearly didn't go to bird school, which is for birds.
Writing something.
Ermm
I'll edit that to account for Absorption
Later
I'm needed for work now
Bye-bye
OK.
Not yet IIRC.
Let me check in game design. channel
A serious note: I think a cotton candy aesthetic here would be really neat.
Haven cape
Oh, man
You know what looks like cotton candy but isn't?
Asbestos
That's pretty on-the-nose, haha
I like Tell's idea
What happens to folks who are engulfed in the transformed cloud when it reverts? Are they coffin'd?
Or not necessarily reverts, but is, uh... alchemized?
Alchemified?
Transmuted
yo
that's the word
I like that too.
Cloud some suckers, the cloud floats up, and they're unceremoniously dumped on the ground
I think that giving Thalia a power that lets her sing "It's Raining Men" in-character is a pretty respectable pursuit
A little more than usual, I think
Yeah, I'm happy with that. There are a variety of shaker applications and the timer (by rounds, I imagine) aspect makes it a fun power to think around.
How much versatility do we want to give them, with respect to the end-shape?
A fluffier Licit.
Both of you should have 'Pom' as a cape name
>:(
I'm almost ready, SCG.
I'm ready when you are, SCG.
It looks like a fun power. I'd have a good time playing it.
Is contact required to dustify something? How long?
I'd say one cloud per cape, mmmmmaybe with an extra that needs a Willpower check to maintain.
Oh, whoops. I skimmed right past that.
"Sorry about your car. It's a pile of fluff now."
This is like the family-friendly version of Deep-Six.
Might could use some hard numbers about the durability of the resultant fluff
Can't park a car on it, e.g.
Does it melt when it rains
How long does the fluff last, unattended -- do people have to dump it into the river
Me and Non got turboflawed in SR
It's awesome
Thal, if you flake out on van -right now- I'll run a Tinkering mini-game for you
Poach this, you goon B)
 /s
I'm just joshin'.
Counterpoaching is distasteful
We settle our differences as GMs like men
By puking out as many sessions as we can before we die
That seems pretty comprehensive, Tell
It represents the inner fluffiness of humanity
Me too. I'm excited.
That one's my favorite
You can make actual softballs
These are pretty tasty power perks
Ha ha! Cashy really wants you to second trigger
Please don't incite the law-abiding citizens of this channel to debase themselves to your level, Saff.
So, I think the GM/group vetos first?
I... I like all of these, honestly.
If I -had- to pick I'd pick the second trigger one.
But I don't wanna pick. :(
Alumnor is really cool for a twin, and I can think of two or three applications of Minerva right off the bat.
Hurts my heart to do it.
If I had a heart.
We vetoed Ascendo, so you can choose the 'Power Pals' perk or the 'Bonus Thinky-something' perk.
Sorry for the confusion
You put the date on the interlude document you had me proofread, Scrags.
I looked it up in advance.
my friendship with Belaris is officially ended
crippling self-doubt is my new best friend
Sicol Bend Sucrose And Sucrose Accessories is no more. Many citizens are out of a job (and certain family members). It is a dark time.
Poor Thalia. No almunor benefits for her.
She's even going to get her fluff statues taken from her.
I'm foolin'.
Let me mull about it.
<emphasizing control, craft, or knowledge>
Wait, isn't that the correct permission for the public doc?
Or does that lock people out of the critique tab?
Ahh, capisce.
I shan't.
I'm leaning more closely to Thinker, at the moment.
I can come up with some nifty minor Tinker doodads and whatsits, but I feel like Thinker jives better with the power/trigger overall.
Some kind of sensory aspect tied into the dust cloud seems to make the most sense, but I can't figure out how to give it oomph.
Ha.
Some kind of knowledge/scan/infodump on people engulfed by the cloud, I think.
Tells the user about, let's say... their stats, for the first round, their skills, for the next, perks/flaws for the third, and power for the fourth? 
Numbers are just arbitrary, I'm spitballing here.
That works. Some kind of 'scan the dudes in the cloud' thing is all I'm going for, in the end
Good question. Maybe we can consider a hypothetical?
Mental state: "Ohhhhh geez. My allergies are about to kick in, and how."
NPC being covered in dust: "Gee, I sure do wish I hadn't cheated on my wife now."
Twins get separate rolls, IMO
See Nix/Nyx (although they're cauldron, so my argument isn't fully valid)
Good old Thal.
It's reasonable.
The Great Bamboozler will Bamboozle another day.
I'm excited to see that power in action.
It sounds fun.
And fluffy!
I love The Great Bamboozler.
I don't even mind getting bamboozled.
Well, I kind of do. But it's forgivable. That scamp!
Oh, I didn't see that message
Sorry, Vern
All I have is this trunkarino...
guess who just got back today
Yeah.
I bet they have a hell of a football rivalry.
God, if I have to hear you complain about football again
Artisanal Cotton Candy Creations
is that even a question
The Great Bamboozler 10/10
Let Him Transfer
take a closer look at that snout
Darth Maleek, the San Raul character
Traditionally, the visor is the lensed component, whereas what you've circled is better known as a 'faceguard', IIRC.
This channel ain't big enough for the two of us... pardner.
Where's my tumbleweed Shaker, boyo.
I love a good bamboozling.
Mulling over setting of next WD campaign, timeline-wise.
I think during-the-timeskip is the way to go, for what I have planned, but I don't know if I have enough know-how to properly portray the Protectorate after all the chicanery goes down.
I'd prefer to exhibit a little more nuance than that, personally.
GMing a WD game?
Sorry, your question was a little confusing, tubes.
I'm preparing a 'public capes information' document that will be (pseudo) publicly editable by followers of the campaign as well as myself. I think it's an interesting opportunity, and I'm puzzling out the logistics of it.
I'm trying to cut down on the shitposting/memes that would inevitably crop up in a public-access document, hence the logistics conundrum.
The thought is as follows:
In-universe, the document requires moderator approval and a verified PHO account to edit -- how this'll manifest as I keep to using Google Docs for this purpose would essentially be granting email access to chat member who request it, with an application form and the agreement that they're editing this as an in-universe PHO identity, not themselves.
Not sure if that overcomplicates matters, but I know a lot of people here are pretty likely to shitpost, and I don't want to spend my time doing the work of five fictional moderators to revert those changes, essentially.
It's for my next campaign.
I wouldn't want to go through the trouble of implementing the entire system for a campaign I'm on the cusp of finishing.
The idea of it is that certain chat members ought to have some PHO identity tied to them, perhaps not universal to all campaigns, but a consistent identity that they use for one particular campaign, with some minor but nontrivial thought given to the person behind the computer screen. Some could act as mods, both in the forum sense and the cape wiki sense,
but it's something I'd have to take into further consideration.
I don't know if it's too much work for too little gain, but I like the community involvement aspect of PHO threads, and I think this is an interesting progression.
Tell said something before about liking PHO threads because they're a good way both for the characters and the players to gauge the general thoughts of the public, and I'm inclined to agree.
I'm emphasizing public opinion, PR, et cetera more heavily for this upcoming campaign, so I think it's an idea that has a good deal of merit.
I'm imagining something like... this.
A rough first draft, more a proof-of-concept than anything, but I'd be happy to hear feedback about if there's more questions that need asking, et cetera.
I have a few dummy usernames for the extant and fictional Indianapolis PHO moderation team, like:
Plucky (chief moderator), captainursus, Quintis, Inflatable Hobo Clown, pachinkoid, Megamaw
But I'm probably going to fool around with that some, too, and honestly I don't even know why that's like a barely relevant facet of the narrative.
I'm pretty happy with Inflatable Hobo Clown.
That's a good username.
Oh, you mean parody the moderation staff here with the Indianapolis moderation staff, Ellardy?
Who do you think Inflatable Hobo Clown is supposed to be? :P
Well, those names are for the Brockton Bay discussion, for the most part.
So I'd prefer to use new stuff.
SCG.
Nah. That was the only direct correlation.
But yeah, do you think that Google Form is lacking anything?
Yeah. That's a good thought, Dol. Once again I've forgotten it.
There we go. I've added it.
I'm two for two now.
It's only a proof-of-concept first draft, Saff.
Good old Lanie.
I hope she's doing alright.
A holo-bottle?
I hope that's a pun and not an actual admission of coolness.
Druz was here last summer, IIRC.
I have some PMs from back then.
Orlando, FL, late October of 2017, tentatively.
We just kind of meet up and hang out. I ran a live session of WD and we did some other stuff.
I missed out on the gen because I was tidying my room. Could someone give me a quick rundown?
I like that.
Bonuses to heart quality for using acquired (human) hearts as basis for Tinkering, versus vat-grown?
Tough willpower checks to successfully attack the Changer, at the high end, mebbe.
I'm guessing hearts have some sort of limited use?
I'm wondering if it's the repair route or the make/acquire new hearts route.
The latter seems neater.
Nice.
The rice cooker was used to power the thermal heating coils in her glaive.
Her family starves.
Yeah. I'm eating rice right now.
In front of you.
Think before you talk.
Good evening, folks.
No. I have left.
Hey, Tell.
Did you catch my thought about making a pseudo-publicly editable PHO local cape wiki yesterday?
Do you think it's feasible, or too much work for not enough gain?
I'm also revisiting the 'Cape Alpha' premise I'd intended to run in Vancouver, and I'm considering it as a cell phone app (with respect to UI, functionality, content/services provided, and API integrated into the said pseudo PHO wiki).
It'd be nice to do a campaign that shines some light about stuff like the villain popularity rankings that Bambina talks about briefly.
Yeah. I think it'll be spread out on a few Google Docs, with a central hub.
I hadn't considered that, Tell.
I can sort of see where you're coming from. Maybe being able to be publically edited would incentivize people to be more involved.
I'm wondering if GDocs has the infrastructure I need to emulate a wiki properly.
Because then I'd have to do the work of a wiki moderator, as well as several fictional wiki moderators.
Gdocs has comment-approval and access controls.
Which I think I'll need to use judiciously, given the amount of shitposting I'm expecting.
That's more for the PHO threads than the actual wiki
That might be a fanon thing.
I don't remember infractions being handed out super severely in canon PHO interludes, except for the stuff with the Ground Zero badge, and that was pretty well justified.
The idea is to have people apply to edit the wiki.
And then I give them comment access.
And then I approve/deny the comments.
People apply as an actual PHO entity.
Like, here's my character (could be campaign character, or just some average Joe who likes to post on PHO), here's their account, here's what they're here for, what they're doing on PHO, etc.
I like to think that beego's absence is more because he dies during the timeskip.
Hunted down by Case 53 haters.
subtly?
lol
It was an old and shitty powergen.
Howdy
It's usually both, IIRC.
GM discretion, afaik.
There's Disco Inferno and Pinball Wizard, off the top of my head.
And Bat Outta Hell.
[Card] of [Suit] is taken.
Yeah. Like, uh... Matraque was the Seven of Wands or whatever.
That's certainly one way to put it.
Hi Mega.
I am probably doing a power gen in a little bit.
I am also probably going to do a little write-up doc about new morale and how to integrate it into the existing system (w.r.t., let's say, perks, flaws, skills).
Who's up to give me a hand with this trigger?
Hmm. That's a good question.
I'd like to try the new method, if only as another proof of concept to see how smoothly it runs.
So... here's the trigger.
PM me with your power concepts.
I'll give it 10 minutes.
Initial discussion, right.
Sorry, forgot.
Themes, elements.
Go, go, go!
I feel like the crux of the trigger is still Mover / Shaker, personally, Nick.
It's about chickening out, sure, but then getting forced into a situation where you're still falling towards a potential death, panicking in the meanwhile.
Hmm, I'm starting to get an idea of things.
Not quite yet.
All power concepts go to me in PM, in a little bit.
There's some Striker element in there too, with the getting shoved.
That's fine with me, TC.
Impending impact is also a thing.
Discussion seems to have slowed, so feel free to fire away with some power suggestions in PM to me.
Who am I still waiting on for powers?
Still waiting on Yumgar.
Feel free to throw a power concept into the mix, if you want, Wellwick.
I dunno. I haven't been in high school for a while.
I'm gonna fire up voting at 5:15 (8 minutes from now) regardless of unfinished submissions, just to let people who are still in the middle of something know.
I'd like to do voting and critique simultaneously.
The winner can take critiques into account when they flesh out mechanics.
It's a test of a new system, but the power is going to a real player, yes.
OK, time to go.
Power 1: Votes, thoughts, criticism, discussion.
Any more thoughts / ayes?
I'm not sure if "I like it but it's unrelated" is technically an aye.
Hmm. We should... go down the whole list and talk about each power.
And then at the end just say the numbers of all the ones you like.
So, let's go to power #2, then.
I like the idea of the flying goopmobile picking up random crap and dropping it on people.
Picking up random people and dropping them on other people.
I'm trying to tackle this power gen with the thought of towel powers versus toolbox powers as per the earlier discussion.
A toolbox gives you a variety of tools for specific tasks, whereas a towel is a single object that can be applied to various problems.
With that in mind, I like both 1 and 2. They seem versatile and fun to play.
I'm imagining a long wiggly dragon or UFO or somesuch, personally.
No concerns about flavor. Ride/Fly mover makes sense in the context of the trigger for me.
"Pilotable ooze construct".
Lemme know when you guys are good to move onto the next.
I think it's turning into a semantics thing.
Slime Car
Sure. #3, then.
Tentacle crowdsurfer.
Done
Really? I'm not feeling 3 that much.
Mosh pit shaker is pretty one-dimensional, even if it can throw stuff around.
Looks like we're pretty quiet on this one.
#4?
Mechanically, it feels like a linear blink? I'm not sure I'm grokking all the components of it, though.
I'm trying to imagine how it plays out. As far as I understand it, you make the tunnel, you step into the tunnel, presumably the tunnel doesn't pass through people/stuff, nyoop, maybe you shank some people as you zoom past, nyoop,  you're on the other side of the tunnel.
But I'm not sure my interpretation is correct.
Sort of Black Kaze-ish, which is, well, yowza.
Did we?
I, at least, did not.
Turncoat was the bride, Tubes was the GM.
IIRC.
I certainly don't mind my players having strong powers.
But I think having a fun to play power takes priority.
Anywho, I think it's time for the next one? #5?
This is just one trigger, Kast.
Reverse gravity fields with seismic drop after a few rounds, as I interpret it.
As well as vacuum-hands.
Hmm. Less reverse gravity, more tractor beam.
I like it well enough.
Pulling towards, for the Changer hands.
Yeah. It needs a little something extra, maybe, but the aesthetic seems neat to me.
I don't have a problem with it.
The shaker zones are vertical only, as far as I can tell, whereas the hands aren't?
Not 100%.
I think it's got potential. I like it, I'd vote for it, but I'd also want to see some tweaks when it was finalized.
Next power, I think.
Shaker tactics zone with upheaval/launch, improvised barriers, sensory aspect.
I think it's cool and versatile. Cape launching themselves would be cool.
Needs some numbers tweaks (time and scope comes to mind).
I'd have fun playing this one, personally.
Those questions can probably be answered with final tweaks and such.
As it is, I think the basic premise / concept of the power is neat.
I like it a good bit.
Any other thoughts/considerations before we move onto the next one?
Sounds like a no to me. Onto #7.
This one is pretty close to the tractor beam power. Out of the two I like the tractor beam better. Even though the push is thematically more fitting, it doesn't seem as flexible or fun to play.
I can see some tweaks being used to make it more exciting, but I feel like the same tweaks could be applied to #5 to the same ends?
What sort of tweaks do you think could make that be a cool thing?
We'll do the votey thing in a little bit. 4 mins from now, let's say?
OK! It's voting time!
I think I'll vote for Goopmobile (#2), Tractor Hands (#5), Tactics Launch (#6), and Upsurge Tunnel (#7).
Added the trigger to the top.
Good night, Words
Anyone else up for some voting?
Yeah. I think it's the third instance of this method.
I'll wait another 4 minutes in case more folks want to get their votes in.
Like, disposed sharps?
Oh. That's a lot harder.
OK! The votes are in!
Tractor Beam is the winner with 8 votes! A tough competition between Tactics Launch (7 votes) and Goopmobile (6 votes)!
ColdGold -- you're on your phone, right?
Mind if I take point with mechanics, then?
I'll run it by you after I get the meat of it hashed out.
Power first draft.
I'm fiddling with stuff here and there.
Want to emphasize some more battlefield setup / tactics / making use of the environment, maybe.
I was going to link the google images search results for meth mouth, but that would be too cruel.
Did you eat it frozen?
That's the important stuff though. 
Yes. I have.
You should read Sicol Bend, Saff.
A few more. There's more sessions I haven't added in a little while.
I put my WC document together because I was curious about session distribution among players, and which players were the most verbose / got the most sessions / had longer session on average / etc.
You will not carry on its legacy.
OK, back to WD stuff.
Now he can shoot fire out of his tum-tum
He should be thanking her.
IC, or another character?
Can I play the prosecutor as another character?
My Berlin cape doesn't make sense to be too involved in the legal system.
She's young and hasn't been back in the country for a little while.
I'm personally available whenever, although I can see the concern.
Yeah.
Sure.
I don't think you should have very high hopes for me being a hero.
Go to class, Saff.
Yeah. Getting set up in the lab.
I tell him, "You're broke, son. Better slash and burn."
Requisitioned equipment generally takes two to three sessions to arrive.
Yep.
Cursed to wander the earth, crawling on her belly.
Licking up the dry dust.
Happy gurtday, Nick.
!search fucking asshole
Such as it is, since time immemorial.
You really ought've seen it coming.
Is that a reference to Beholder, Prothean?
Or have you just gone blind from jerkin' it too much?
I'm in a good mood today. Fun session in Berlin. Making good headway on my homework.
Excited to GM some more.
The mutt's nuts, maybe.
CaH, I think you mean.
I like my sound Tinkers.
Good luck.
There are power gens here from time to time.
Stick around and you might run across them.
We're actually testing out an experimental procedure for power generation, with the side benefit that records are maintained for the process (in part).
Here's one of the recent ones. You can kind of see how things panned out, the general thrust of powers that were submitted for a particular trigger.
Less on the deliberation process for voting/selecting, though you can still see the end result.
There were only two, and both were suggested by the same member of chat.
Oh, nice. I'm excited to see it.
I have to give a lot of kudos to Vern for being a very quality GM.
The session was action-packed, well-paced, and had a lot of opportunities to further develop my character.
Gahaha.
I'm so ready for the Cleveland finale and lead-up.
Cripplekids and a little bit of Pact Dice.
I haven't, tubes
Might be better to talk about this in... uh, #anime, I guess? I'm not 100% sure.
Ah. The Japanese name threw me for a loop.
Oh. I just realized today is Feb 15.
It's also the day where I do the Cleveland Lottery.
Divock raised a good point the other day. Since Cleveland is actually ending pretty soon I think I'll give people the option to exchange their entry for entry into my next WD campaign as an alternative option. I would feel pretty bad about letting people into a campaign that's three arcs away from ending, especially as the lethality is about to ramp up
significantly.
Well, here we go!
Umm, guess I reroll the last one.
Erm. I mean only rolling one.
Silly me.
Sorry Well. It filled up early in January. :(
Well, I -think- it's Zene, Pink, and Mishie, but you remember how I fucked up the last one
Did I get the peopple right?
*people
Well everyone got lottery tickets and I drew three from a hat.
But um, Cleveland is ending not soon but soon-ish (three arcs), so I wanted to extend the offer to swap that into a free pass into my next campaign as an alternative
If you have any questions about my next campaign so you can weigh your options you can PM me.
I'll PM you guys the general details. It's still WIP but you should be able to get the thrust of it.
Are you surprised that I got lucky and only got active people, Vern?
I am too, a little.
The doctor who made bank off of him probably misses him a little.
He is doing rather well for himself.
Yeah. It should come up after her comprehensive physical results come in.
Playpen has pretty good grammar and vocabulary from her impression of Ian at least.
Unless that's a facet of her power.
I think he's caught up for the moment.
Ampersand! You snitch!
Ah, yeah, the three big Sicol Bend gangs.
Tiger, Bear, and Ferret.
I'm not much of a dessert maker sadly.
B-dap-dop-dowwwwww.
Dolyn!
Hello!
Heyo Tell.
Hey Vern.
I'm excited to see what Alex and Hoagie get up to.
That's good. He needs to enjoy some barbecue and spend some time away from his terrible sister.
Barbecute.
Wards are granted a trust of $50,000 a year, as well as a base minimum wage salary, the latter of which is doubled with full membership. 
Trust can't be garnished/docked.
I don't have to tell her anything. She's fired. Forever.
@ vanderhuge -- added some posts to the PHO document.
I do Tinker gone wrong a lot, lol.
Remember the meat carnival power?
That  would be a good crisis.
Oh hello, Icarus
Pretty alright. Are you the Icarus that's been here before, or someone new?
Man, the Midas tinker is weird in a fun way.
The versatility of the Midas material quests is what really tickles me.
Quest to acquire 1TB of encrypted PRT documents as material components.
Uh...
Quest to hijack five oil tanker trucks on their way to deliver gas to a gas station and keep them for yourself.
Quest to, uh...
I feel like that would be slow enough to be unfeasible.
Heist-esque quests as the prerequisite for a Midas Tinker material, essentially, Saff.
Quest to steal the key to the city and melt it down! Bwahaha!
Ooh, I like that. Break into the zoo and airlift out two lions, a rhino, and a cockatrice.
The shard, Bel.
The shard wants you to do these risky, dangerous, conflicty things.
You have to jump through this crazy gauntlet of stuff to get your carrot (which is sweet tech).
If I were the GM, I'd say five tankers worth, but I'd also say that getting five tankers worth by skimming a gas station would mean you lose your next twenty sessions because you're busy skimming gas from a gas station to get five tankers worth of gas.
Steal an entire T-rex skeleton!
Break into the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame and steal [some famous musician]'s guitar!
Yeah. That would still be a lot more time intensive, yo.
Acquire the corpse of a man who has very recently died of alcohol poisoning. You may administer the alcohol if the pickings are slim.
Corpse of ODed junkie would be a cool one.
Distill a crystal from five gallons of human blood.
Super size me.
!search a blu
Get the funnel, boys.
I try to delete the fucked up things, and yet, there's still this much.
I'll just delete Saff in real life.
That's called a muteban, Lurks. :P
I just want to see a repeat of The Great Bamboozler.
He's my favorite Ward.
I thought of a good, punny cape name.
Blunder Bus.
I was thinking Blunder Bus could be a Blaster in the vein of BONE TRAIN.
That's essentially what the Synod was.
Cleveland plot element.
Both Caitiff and Longinus defected for their own reasons.
Yeah. I did on Feb 15, as scheduled.
Not really. Recent betrayal and defections have made them shift paradigms.
Remind me, what are they intersections of?
Tutoring-spec Tinker could have... a minor cyborg augment, recording/stealing/etc skills and uploading it to themselves or hot-swapping them, as a facet of their tinkering, at first glance
A certain Marker-spec Tinker litters the battlefield with short-lived teleport beacons – some are destinations for him to travel to, while others are booby-trapped, exit points hooked up to, say, a stored gasoline reserve and rigged to spark.
I think that one's a little closer to Nemesis spec, Shade
But I'm just guessing, here. Artifice is fiddly
Mechanically, it doesn't touch on much that's meaningful for me
Tinkers naturally upgrade as a course of their iterative tinkerings
Having the gear do that automatically doesn't really tickle me, as a player
I'm vaguely reminded of the Smart Pistol in Titanfall 1
I'm gonna pick that up soon.
Hi Firlz. It's time to schedule a session.
Please confer with Nick and ColdGold. They will be in the session with you.
I'm not in a rush. The week after that is fine with me too.
Five Goons. Three Rats. One Tunnel To Launch Them.
nah
i'll work with them, but it's unlikely i'd join them
lunch
Yeah, I'll be on later.
Kinda sad all four NPCs are probably never going to make a showing again.
Especially when the concrete flier has as stupid a name as High and Dry.
F
What's the speculation?
I have some Ireland notes for the aforementioned WD Belfast campaign and notes for a former IRA member expatriate NPC.
Can pass along what I've mulled over for the situation as I'd imagine it later, when I get back home from lunch.
Yeah. I write notes for every idea I have, and given that I've already run a campaign in Belfast I figured I would recycle the knowledge I have.
One SOMA death per year.
I would set an Ireland campaign such that the country's on the cusp of being united. Political upheaval, with capes brought into the mix. Dissenting voices stronger than ever.
It's just a personal opinion, though. I dunno what tone/flavor of campaign you're going for. 
That's one way to do it.
Grantsville's a good example of a WD campaign in that vein.
The major consequence of London Simurgh was Mannequin, IIRC?
Maybe. I may be misremembering that bit, Non.
He wasn't in Laus, though, AFAIK.
Rebrand to Snakesphere.
It's a memorial, of sorts, and a play on the fact that she curls into a ball at the first sign of trouble.
He's here to help me in my time of need.
It is actually a u, to be fair.
Sorry for my bad handwriting.
The image is at least extant.
Don't Treat On Me is old as shit.
*Tread
I'm impressed that the metallic effect was achieved.
I think it could work on the shoulder.
Tough to tell from the image, but I think that particular tattoo is front of the shin?
Would work, then.
But they'd be the first to go when Abby blows the legs up.
Actually, you should get a bewitching masterpiece. A piece of art that she'd feel bad destroying.
Damn, Vern was lying. Jesus isn't real after all.
You tricked me, bastard.
Ah, sure. It's tough to tell.
"Um, c-could you, uh... tattoo shutter shades onto my face and eyelids?"
I've been trying to get in the habit of eating breakfast lately. It helps me get into a good rhythm for the day, but it's tough to find time.
When the campaign begins, I think. I'll take on... three additional players, with a lottery opening when Cleveland ends, then running for a month or two, and then I'll provide a list of triggers for the six players to bid on.
I think it got aborted pretty much as soon as it was rolled. I didn't see any power suggestions yet.
That said, it's trigger 29, so you can go ahead and work on something in your own time and submit it when the gen resumes.
If there's time zone concerns, you can always do a Gdoc writeup and PM it to FossAsleep.
I'd estimate July or August.
I got home at around 11:30 and did some laundry. I'm about to get to bed.
That's a ways away.
In any case, good night, everyone.
Remember what?
Coldhand had ice armor and a motorcycle helmet.
Cwn had smoke.
It started with a C.
Curtis was it.
It was that or Carter.
A self-fulfilling prophecy, because the conversation ends here.
Late response, but Freeman is off-base. He has a hotel room he's staying in.
Lasting environmental effects. Bat can be summoned and directed rather than launched skyward, after a time.
you mean for pact?
I didn't do that one
o/
They're being turned, as usual.
Morning, Nick and co.
o/
Hope it's not short because she's getting murdered. Good luck, tubes.
Tattoo a spoiler on your butt.
I want a Tinker gun that fires human teeth.
You shoot the ground with the gun and skeletons pop out.
I like IRL sessions.
Which magi?
I've seen Witch already, but not the other two. I'll take a look.
Thanks for the heads-up.
Which document is it in?
Shoot a music video while you rob the thrift store.
Snakelmore.
Snaklemore?
The command to join a channel is /join #channelname and the command to change your nick is /nick newnick.
Do change your nick, btw. No need to get confused with the author.
The whole thrift store was an elaborate hologram.
Darn you, Cassette and maybe Ampersand.
Terry's Chocolate Orange.
Mister Teatime.
Pipebomb.
Oh gawd, wawch awt, hea's a Bleayaster Ayte!
Claymore has a nice double meaning.
Or a landmine Shaker.
You could go with серебро, Turncoat.
There's kind of a half-pun there.
Now they're dreadfully frightened.
I would probably post a thread on the r/weaverdice subreddit asking around.
That one would be Sicol Bend.
Are you referring to one of the games on the subreddit?
It's been pretty easy to get non-Worm readers interested.
I'll do standalone pick-up games of "hey, you're a bunch of assholes with powers, what sort of dumb nonsense do you want to do today?"
Generally I just come up with them as they're needed.
She was a time-displaced small-area clairvoyant with functional microtelekinesis that appeared as if she had the capability of altering the future minutely.
The greater the immediate divergence of the altered future from the simulated future, the worse the resultant backlash was.
All things strive.
I'm still in the camp that $imurgh is a placebo.
Sure. I haven't bothered scraping the Lausanne logs for all the die rolls and checking the mean/variance. Think it'd go against the spirit of things.
The leg starts hollering 'hey it's me alex'.
Why KFC you dummy.
Popeye's is the right option.
Church's is a close second.
Dang. I guess it makes sense. It 's predominantly southern.
The KFC I had in China didn't really tickle me but Japanese KFC was good.
I'm genuinely wounded, Pink.
Best food in game.
Why even bother GMing anymore?
Like manna from heaven.
Dip the chicken tenders in the gibralty sauce.
Quote 493 - [Jan 30 19:07:00] <Antioch> You rob me of my leadership position. | <Antioch> You rob me of my GF. | Antioch> What are you exacting revenge for. | Antioch> The 10000000000 times I made fun of you in chat? | Antioch> Please be reasonable. | Antioch> Have some perspective.
I did, yesterday
Prolly didn't stick
Oh, yeah
So they know how to change
I've been busy lately
Just FYI, you don't need to relog
The command is /nick
I think NT is talking about the other Detroit game.
The Discord one that was posted on the Weaver Dice subreddit a while aho.
*ago.
Yeah. There has been one since 2014.
Not ours, then. And yes.
liverpuddle
Then there's a bit of a gap, barring the 2006 newfoundland leviathan one
Nice use of the defensive leveraging of rep, Nick.
Smmmmmmmokin'!
Good luck. I'm looking forward to seeing your powers in action.
The trick is just having a lot of players. The tradeoff is that any work you save is replaced twofold by having to manage more players.
♪ Give to the gorilla girl /
Gobs and gobs of love ♫
♪ No-one else would touch that girl /
Unless they wore a glove ♫
Gee. I wonder if I'm in contention for my school's Most Sinful superlative.
Cody's got a laundry list of sins and crimes alike, but I'm a little curious if there's anyone at the high school that sets of Verdict even worse.
I bet we'd make a good power couple.
Well, he's recently become a murderer, so maybe that'll shake up the school sin leaderboard a little bit.
Not very objectively, unfortunately.
Depending on the player, I GM in second person to their first, or third person to their third.
Either way, I prefer present tense.
Oh, I just remembered I had a weird dream that there were three new Tinker subcategories
They all had dumb names
Only one of those was workable I think
Let me see if I can puzzle something out
Permutation (free x chaos): Creates one random weapon on trigger, with a randomized pattern drawn from a rolled specialty. Has access to all orthogonally adjacent pattens, and can apply said pattern to set variety of equipment. Pattern heavily dictates equipment capabilities. Once selected, available patterns shift to options orthogonal to the one chosen
again, and can't backtrack.
Ssssomething like that anyways.
Darn you for trying to pull something out of the weird chaff I dreamed up.
Had a test yesterday (no problems) and one coming up on Monday (maybe some problems).
Np. I'll be free around 4 I think.
Uhh I mean if you start by randomly rolling uh... let's say you start off with a 1H gun with the Splice pattern
Then you have 4 patterns to pick from for your next tinkering...
picked from jetpack, connect, lifesign, and toxin
the four specialties orthogonal to splice
er, graft
That's a good question. I'm not sure if it would make more sense for the tinker to have a set template/frame of gun/melee/armor/whatever they can pick and choose from to apply a pattern
Or if they should have more leeway in that regard
I think locking out permanently isn't an issue. It does mean you kind of have to play a very slow game of Snake to make sure you don't box yourself out of any options permanently
I dunno if that's a good or bad thing
But the tables would tesselate (so toxin would loop back to uh... whatever life/shroud is. Pollution?)
Yeah. Maybe apply the pattern to an ever-shifting pool of random options (3-5)?
With no back to back building of the same thing (no double guns)?
Yeah, draw 3 pick 1 is a good way to go.
Look man. The subcategories were called "Octo(wra/mo?)ngler", "Yop", and something dumb and long that I don't remember
With different weighting on the card draw frequency
So maybe one megaproject in the deck, but four or five gun types
The Dr Seuss wikia needs some polish.
It doesn't sound like a right terror to GM, because you only need to make patterns as they come up
\o/
Get Jgyy with it
I actually had some notes on that the other day. I'll pass them along later this afternoon, Pink.
I'll see what I can remember ;-;
The Four Catsmen
Not sure if Macy is War or Famine
In a little bit. I gotta drive to class.
awww yeah ghoul posse
Things get smushed together / fused as the space warps, with weird seams?
Which can be tugged, torn apart?
Nailed into the asphalt by a prankster! I won't fall for it!
You gotta tear away from the intensified effect, maybe losing uneven patches of flesh in the process?
*said in the voice of someone who is questioning reality* Nice.
Yeah. The timing was great, too. That period of time where I'm trying to clear my head and get out of bed, scrolling through my phone to get up to speed.
There was a very definite sensation of being inception'd (incepted?)
Stay tuned for the exciting new Yop Tinker.
Snoot up. Sniff sniff.
das it
Yop!
I think that inside jokes are fetal shitposts.
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 179)
Ah. Looks like I have to die with it.
Seems a bit much.
Three mods actually automatically translates into a critical, IIRC.
Or maybe critical is one step above.
Anyhow, shotguns in the gear supplement were two moderates at point blank.
Whoops, reload that. Accidentally put an SMG in there.
If your Know is 3, Turco.
IIRC.
Takes [10 - Know stat] days to retrain one pip, methinks
Radical
I think two melee skills can be used in tandem with each other.
But I'm not sure about those two, in specific.
Hi Shade|Gestalt. I updated your specialty table document.
I love me some chemtrails.
Just Forgemaster, and Gigawatt if she's able to be retrieved prior to his departure.
It's not off the table. Lumina would be someone that's slated for an immediate evaluation, as a recent sufferer of a trigger event.
Come Sunday morning, we'll see when it's feasible to pen her in.
She's gotta fund that gibralty sauce habit somehow.
This should address both concerns.
Linked document contains list of ongoing campaigns, some of which accept applicants.
You can click on any given campaign to peruse its notes and logged sessions.
If you're in the market for a campaign to join, I'd advise popping in here every so often, let it get to the point where you're a known face, particularly to the GMs.
Most folks are more willing to offer slots to people who are on here with regular frequency, in part for consistency in session scheduling and in part for familiarity.
But, while you wait, there's a frankly impressive quantity of logs for you to read through, to help you get a feel for what a Weaver Dice game is like.
We've got campaigns of all stripes, and if there's a particularly flavor of campaign you're hungry for, I can help you narrow down your list of options for reading material.
My personal recommendations for Weaver Dice logs are Lausanne, Sicol Bend, Berlin, and San Raul.
Synopses as follows:
Lausanne - WiIdbow's campaign. Takes place in Lausanne, Switzerland, beginning a few days prior to the Simurgh's first appearance. A Tinker organization called Z is offering power suits to all comers,and capes from all over flock to the city in an attempt to take a slice out of that pie.
I think Non and Meg are slated for one soonish.
Haha.
Sicol Bend - Teller's campaign. Takes place in Sicol Bend, Oregon, in mid-2010. The city's major players were three gangs, each segregated by race, but the underworld's status quo was vastly changed upon the arrival of a powerful cape, Deep-Six, a Striker that permanently vanishes objects at a touch, whereupon he forcibly unified all three gangs and
essentially ran the city for six years. At the start of the campaign, he's stepped down for an unknown reason, and the infrastructure that depended on his presence in the center begins to crumble.
Berlin - VereorNox's campaign. Pretty recently started, though it's another iteration of the Berlin setting that VereorNox has been working on since 2015. I have to give him kudos for his very improved writing style. It's very well-paced, and he's given each PC many good opportunities for character development.
San Raul - ColdGold's campaign. The murder of Buckler, an upstanding and heroic Tinker in the city of San Raul, coincides with a horrific malfunction of one of his devices, afflicting a nontrivial portion of the city with mutations. The plot is getting to the point where multiple characters' stories are intersecting (or colliding), and it's a satisfying
payoff to the build-up.
But yeah, those are my recommendations.
I wouldn't personally recommend Cleveland as the first campaign to read for a newcomer. It's long, and in a way that takes it a while to find its stride.
Queen is the saving grace of the initial Cleveland arcs. She has a dynamic personality that's engaging and fun to read, but I feel like it meanders elsewhere.
Yeah, what Divock said.
Enjoy yourself, Vale. Hope to see you back soon.
Nice to have an involved and polite newbie. Good first impression.
I like to think that the library of campaign logs are sufficient opiate.
*is
Do you prefer the new one, van?
Congrats on those patents.
Congrats on the pats? Congratents on the patents?
Nah. Bow took off the Octo-gler, Yop, and Dumb Tinkers.
Uh... so I had a weird dream yesterday that involved three new Tinker subtypes added to the document
And I mentioned it in chat
And Bow modified the document to reflect it
I don't really remember what any of them did
I had a faint inkling about how the (it was either Octowrangler or Octomongler) Tinker was supposed to work and tried to nudge it into a feasible Free x Chaos Tinker
But all I remember about the Yop tinker was that it was a Magi of some sort
nope i'm going to bed
Needs to be updated with Tallahassee, Cayo Hueso, Pittsburgh, Berlin, Jacksonville, Baltimore, IIRC
Oh, right you are
Probably
The doc's commentable, so feel free to make your changes
I'm otherwise preoccupied today
Your favorite fic stops updating. Triggerino.
n o gaems
Hey, Tell, Bow.
Not today or this weekend, but sometime this weekend, would you mind chatting with me with respect to your methodology to Tinker design, Teller? I was mulling over the design and approach of certain Tinkers where the shard has a greater deal of input on the final result, and the Tinkering mini-game you ran for Gungnir came to mind.
I'm nominally available, SCG. I can provide power concepts, but not hard mechanics.
Ahh, I'd misunderstood -- I thought a vial had been chosen and a power was going to be genned. I can work with this, either way.
I'd put the application quality at either four or five stars, with the fact that the applicant went the extra mile to write something that tied them into the campaign at large tipping it closer to five.
Either way, I can write up a vial or two, as options to be presented, if it's wanted.
The corona means that his mutation chance is higher.
Not necessarily that it's guaranteed.
I'll agree that I'm not quite sure why Cauldron is offering a vial.
Besides maybe angling for the cruel irony of turning this guy into a mutant and wiping his memories.
:p
Maybe I'm not using 'cruel irony' correctly.
This is also in 2012, where Cauldron's been outed, right?
I wonder how that plays into things.
Cauldron wants... a high chance of mutation, a mad dog that could be leveraged to throw chaos into Case 53-only groups that are gaining traction, in hopes of muddying the waters, something that could be used to slow down groups like the Irregulars gaining traction?
Man, I'm sleepy
Nix the second gaining traction
In the end, it's just a question of the vials offered, right?
General strength/quality/variety?
Cranky Pete is just Reimann's third false identity.
:p
No, that's Sleepy Pete
You ignoramus
The Detail Generator didn't have too many Brute-leaning vials, so I sketched up two for Scrags to pick whichever one he felt was more suitable.
17:00 <&Antioch> Not today or this weekend, but sometime this weekend, 
>.>
Just noticed this.
<.<
Meant 'this upcoming week', presumably.
Do you have any cinnamon?
Drink some stuff with cinnamon in it.
Apple juice, whiskey, or whatever.
It'll help relax your diaphragm.
Yeah, that'll be good.
Some stretches can also help the diaphragm - raise your arms directly overhead, and do some squats, and you should feel some of the pressure/tension in your chest ease.
Calf raises and upward stretches after you've drunk the spiced ginger beer.
Have the ginger beer be warmed, as well.
You can also lie on your back and apply a firm and downward pressure to your sternum and directly below it.
Oh, don't sit down too much either. Either stand upright or lie down.
_c (0.08+0.05)*0.8 +  0.05 + 0.07 + 0.08
*said in the voice of Reimann* "Ha ha!"
Slink is from the Vials tab of the detail generator.
Luck is the same as usual, SCG.
As far as I understand it.
Not any more, IIRC
Weird pot, meet weird kettle
Up the anti?
What are you putting up me?
:(
Regrettaboh
Howdy Tell
I'm looking forward to getting back into WD after this long weekend is over
Feels like it's been a while since I played / GMed
Quote 519 - [Feb 25 19:36:51] <Antioch> i love suckin dick and she can't relate || Teruzi> what! || <Teruzi> She's missing the heck out, Anti || <Teruzi> I can relate.
Urgh. Feeling super woozy today.
I probably did okay enough on it. I fell into the liminal space of being too jacked up on caffeine to sleep but too mentally exhausted to study, so it's kind of a blur to me.
Left with the residual feeling that I still have a lot of studying / work to do, and no outlet for that feeling.
About 2.5 hours of restless sleep right now. I'm going to hold off until the evening - don't want to skew my sleep cycle too badly.
It'd be nice to move somewhere with a solid public transportation system.
The Protectorate is only Canada/USA.
Yikes.
I can imagine why that would be a huge pain, Pink.
I'm sorry.
Of the games mentioned in the Reddit, yours is actually the one that has by far the most mentions, that's for sure.
By dint of age / volume.
Just as a word of advice for you guys and moving forward with the rules rewrite, it'd probably be best if one or two dedicated members took point on the redesign.
I took a bit of a skim through the doc, and I saw a few contradictions crop up here and there.
Err, just have one or two people handle the rework rather than a lot.
When you have a bunch of folks working on the same rulebook, the 'too many cooks' things becomes pretty apparent.
*thing
Oh, okay, cool. I just kind of assumed, because the doc was open to edits / I saw a few contradictory things crop up in the doc.
Good luck / enjoy yourselves.
Do you guys really only have one GM?
Gosh.
Ah, I gotcha
It seems like shifting to a system that could be self-moderated might be a healthy option
But I dunno if using the WD we have here as a baseline for it is a good way to start
The majority of experience I have with it has been one-on-one
So I dunno if it's the best starting line for what you're going for
Might be better to move your scheduling convo to #WDCleveland, Nick
Oh, thanks
I'm kind of zonked out
You type /ns register (password) (email address) i think
Cool, I remembered it right
Oh, you write/provide your own trigger? That might be the source of confusion
Gotcha, that's where the differences lie
*said in the voice of someone who likes flaws* "B-but what about the flaws?"
Some of the philosophies in that doc might be different. I think I wrote it with running people one-on-one in mind
I'm new, I just do a lot of stuff so it seems like I've been here a while
It's a year and a bit old
Year and a half?
Er, I joined in May 2015
Wrong guy, Firlz
Generally, if you're responding to someone, make sure to include the message in the same response as the ping
You can also click on the hyperlink.
I wouldn't necessarily say that it bothers me, Div, but I can see where you're coming from
Wormverse is really a place where you do your best with however raw a hand you're dealt
And I like being able to try new character concepts and be creative
You have to kill two PCs every session instead of one.
Naw, I'm just foolin'
Ten of swords is my favorite power flaw
Yeah, hence the jokey answer
Yeah, I have some notes for the Tinker spear
They're a little disjointed though
I'll try and collate them for you tomorrow
b-but why
after all i've done for you
oh, thank you
Yeah, Saff, you have a channel specifically for discussing my private life
>.>
If you had to pick one to start reading right now, I would put my vote towards Sicol Bend
Good night, everyone
Hey
There are also sad Tinkers
Who's the Rad Tinker?
Oh. it was kickflip.
RIP.
A 72oz steak that's cooked kind of unevenly
; o ;
Is this an IRL thing, or are you talking about the Hare session?
I like playing heroes.
But I think that Einstichen and Maniobra are a very certain sort of hero
And Schuyler isn't a hero at all.
On the subject of Einstichen, I wouldn't mind scheduling a session with you sometime soon, Vern.
The thing about playing heroes is that they need very strong, concrete, personal goals, I think.
As strong as Valiant might be as an NPC, I imagine a PC put in that position wouldn't enjoy themselves.
Good luck, Vern.
Yeah. I think there's an opportunity to play a good PRT hero, but there needs to be conflict
Chafing under the rules and constraints set in place, making enemies of their teammates
I think that having a corporate hero PC has a lot more leeway in terms of interesting narrative
Of all the PCs that have played Protectorate heroes, I'd have to vote in Cwn as the one with the most compelling story.
Ravel's a close second. I'm eager to see how she progresses from here.
But in both cases, they had good opportunity to explore themselves, suss out individual motivations and character traits, prior to being recruited by the PRT.
Miss Militia trying to adjust to the United States with a very dangerous power that doesn't allow her to earn a lot of trust or goodwill, right at the outset, would be fun to play.
I think one of the roadblocks of running PRT heroes is being able to sufficiently convey a sense of procedure and bureaucracy
And in doing so, it inherently stifles the player's options by a pretty significant amount
I think there's a good opportunity to showcase more of a cape's personal life, and the public relations aspect of being a hero, for PRT capes.
Making appearances, checking up here and there w/r/t police reports and other news and seeing if they can reach out early to newly triggered capes, interacting with fans, good and bad.
(The bad fans aspect is one of the reasons why I like Ravel's story so much.)
Mentoring a Ward, patrolling with a newly recruited cape...
But it's moreso actions that promote a sense of peace and stability, and less 'cape fights' stuff, and I don't know that as many people are interested in that sort of thing.
I like social conflict.
Finishing grading/errands
I've been doing that too.
I'm really going to strive to follow Vern's example, though
His Berlin sessions lately have been really well paced
Yeah. I forget about pacing / endpoints while I'm playing so I think at certain parts the session slows to a very small scope of time
Slowly, slowly, I become less busy.
Feels like it's been a good while since I did any WD stuff.
Yeah. Had a big dinner, wrapping up some grading and homework.
Managed to squeeze a power nap in, so I'm a lot less frazzled than yesterday.
Now I'm in a very WD mood. Not sure where to direct that energy.
Meme-nto Mori.
In this channel, maybe
There's an ongoing campaign in #WDWilmington, if you're interested in spectating
Just don't post there
You can type /list to get an idea of what channels are on this server
Maybe /list >10 to get all the channels with 11 people or more.
There are too many to list every channel here
The rule of thumb is, if it starts with #WD, it's a channel for a Weaver Dice campaign
Oh hey, Valence
Nice to see you back
what's up
not atm
i'm folding laundry and editing writing
just put it in the trigger spreadsheet
i'll vet it with the march batch
i nede smoebody
Good luck, Spook. Your sessions are always fun to watch.
Go hard or go to hell
What a tale you'll have to tell your friends, Spook, had you any
Godspeed, you delightful piece of psycho
What was Spook's trigger?
Oh, yeah, I remember that trigger
Quote 265 - [Feb 05 22:56:32] <Antioch> why would you crucify the immortal dude? that's like, infinite dinner
They ought to go in the channel designated for it.
#BlushyPlayground, for the unaware.
Well! That's the name of the vial.  Always a battery or reactor, something the host will carry with them.  Powerful, powerful items, weapons, armor. Albeit larger, clunkier, heavier.
I'll bear that in mind as I vet the March batch
Why does this shock you so?
Can't say that I recall either of the two being genned recently
loss.jpg
I've sent in my idea.
Compulsion / taunt / mental 'push' abilities, in specific.
Chewing over some ideas in that general vein, and trying my hand at reworking the Willpower skill in parallel.
Hmm, Trump injection, mostly self-focused, can apply to others for slight beneficial effects for social interactions.
I'm not against this idea, although I think it needs some clarity in execution and some further costs and benefits for the 'granting others temporary powers' thing.
Came up with respect to the Tutor Thinker discussion in #gamedesign the other day.
Where there should be costs involved, either up-front or insidious, such that it's not automatically a "join my gang for free powers" kind of deal that could potentially happen.
I'm thinking less of a direct nerf to strength / applicability, and more...
A mental regression, to other imbibers.
Something that dulls the senses or alters their mental state.
More childlike, simpler. Ties into the trigger.
These effects are strong, during the time the power takes hold, and the imbiber reverts, but there's a cumulative sort of effect on that front.
A loyal lieutenant and abuser of the serums would grow less and less useful as time went past.
Left a babbling manchild, maybe fifteen to twenty serums in.
I wouldn't mind longer duration, more oomph, and more damning costs in the long term.
Having powers for a full fight is fine, when the consequences are heavier.
I like the power it its execution, but I'm concerned that it's a lot of additional work for the GM, having to come up with a variety of options for the user, and I do agree that the Trump aspect of it is exaggerated.
Mostly just the 'mental cost' part, w/r/t Tutor Thinkers or Grant Trumps.
I'm good to move on as well.
Hmm. Gravity reactor Tinker.
Nah, Reactor Tinkers have been defined.
I can show you an example if you want.
I think this one's a little too cut-and-dry.
I can understand the sentiment of capture and mobility denial, but this is more of a tearing loss, one that's not so easily surmounted
The trail's gone cold, as it were, and it doesn't touch on the Master portions of the trigger that I'd like to see addressed.
I was imagining a Tinker with a reactor that powers Vista-type bombs and cannons
Warping space into cordons, with walls and barriers that inflict crushing gravity or sap momentum
It's a cool concept, I like it, I'd love to see that as a PC power, but for this trigger, I'm itching for something more Master
Sure. Let me move to the lab really quick
I'll be on my phone
I'm not feeling the powersuit but I like the dolls.
What happens if the doll breaks? Is that scan lost for good? Can the cape that provided the data be rescanned?
Or is it just a 'no dupes' restriction?
I think 4 could be cool with some tweaks and twiddles.
I like it, I like the flavor, if you gave me a crack at the tables I could have fun with it.
I like 5 as well. I think some of the scanning / trumpiness from 4 could be incorporated into that.
Imagine 4, but dogs versus dolls, with a more focused hunter/seeker build.
holy shit
is this the gattai tinker i've only ever dreamed of
Oh, man
Melee weapons only, modular dog minion(s)
It's the Dog and Catcher Tinker
I'm about this
I agree, Tell
I don't think the loss of wife kind of registers for the trigger, personally
I was on the single minion track myself
Are you having Adonis flashbacks, Mish?
I like the single-minion stuff, but if I had to pick a single minion, I like the module dog and catcher Tinker.
The minion upgrading itself or being adaptable is a cool bit, but that's the highlight.
Ghost doggo Tinker for number 7 is pretty neat too, but if I want a doggo Tinker, #5 is the doggo Tinker for me.
One versatile dog minion is better than a bunch of minions, imo
Panda doesn't go here anymore.
Both in terms of having a Tinker focus and in terms of action economy, and the replacement child thing is a huge bonus
I'm imagining the dog gets an upgrade later on down the line with a very uncanny valley human voice plus AI
^
We're all pretty psyched about #5, then?
I wrote up a tentative not-really-a-Tinker-table for it
Are you a dog-hater
In terms of 6 versus 5, I like that 5 makes the Tinker put in the effort to make the minion adaptable, rather than #6 where it's sort of a process inherent to the construction
Oh, haha, we're on opposite ends here
I see where you're coming from
Maybe some sort of Dog AI subroutine that learns and it grows
It gets knowledge and skill pips here and there
I'd be cool with that
Yeah, I get you
I'm in favor of Dogson AI
Holy shit, Buttery Jensen is in the Bloods AND the PRT?
That's some double agent shit
<4,5,6> hybrid. Modular Doggo AI thing.
Cape is a melee focused Tinker that also has a single caniform minion. Rather than use List B patterns, they have a multi-use scanner that scans capes and creates modules that plug into their dog minion, their bodysuits, or their melee weapons for additional effects. Without the scans and patterns they're less useful than an ordinary tinker, but with the
scans, they're extremely versatile. The dogbot is the focus of their Tinkering and also has a learning AI that picks up knowledge and skills as it progresses. Aside from the dog the Tinker has some melee weapons, bodysuit options, and traps.
I can turn this into a more legit Tinker Table, if needed
I would say one mutation, double severity
But QoL for this
Hrm
I dunno man
All I can think of is Noctis and Dogbutler
I'd be cool with rerolling, personally
I think incorporating this into the Trump element of the power is sensible
The dog bites a cape, latches on, that cape's power diminishes to a certain extent
Which can go towards charging up a new pattern module, temporarily upgrading the dog
Permanently, if the Tinker's able to have him clamp on enough or supplement the absorption with some good scans
And I'd say that the same effect could apply to the mancatcher melee weapon
Hmm... so hitting someone with that absorption effect has two things happening (if they're a cape)
Their power weakens by an appreciable degree
And the dog / melee weapon 'overcharges', temporarily gaining a second pattern derived from the stolen power
Workable?
Oh hey, Bow is back
We made a Dog and Catcher Tinker. I'm tickled at the prospect
Let slip the dog of war!
"My Dog Barks In Leetspeak: The Official Autobiography"
I give my dog, not for honor, but for you
Here's the more formal write-up, Divock
I'll throw my vote in to nix 30
Life flaws ho!
It's not roll two pick two.
It's just pick two. :P
Err roll two pick one.
Roll two and keep 'em
I misunderstood
Spelt was just talking about the two finem mane options
Nah, I like this. It's legit
Flaws are good
Or, everyone around him dies horribly
Only his dog sees it through with him, through thick and thin
A Boy and his Blob
I'm in the zone for it.
Don't mind.
Sweet. I'll chime in here and there, while I'm writing up a power and polishing the robodog one.
I'm feeling one of the more esoteric 'poisoning' Brutes with some good Shaker interplay.
Good trigger, this one. Props to Non.
I'm sorry, Peanut. Next time, kiddo. Next time will be different.
Time destroys everything. Everywhere you look, behind everything you see, a hole. Everything is falling into it. Not quickly, but steadily. Inevitably.
Dark Smoke Puncher
Beat the shit out of Coy's mom, Mish
Just go whole hog on her
1 is OK. I'm not thrilled by it.
Every day Horn Lord descends closer to scumhood
Two hours ago was mechdoggo, I think
This one's "help i'm trapped in the smoking section"
I don't think that the defense reduction is necessary
I'm imagining more of a shedding/sloughing off of ash.
I like the power, I think it's pretty sweet, but I'm not sure that it fits the trigger quite so much
6
I don't know why I did that
fixed
You don't hafta use em
Gives you an idea of what the power is capable of
Hmm.
I'm debating whether to go with the violent warzone element (shrapnel, concussion, sonic waves, explosions, fire) or the riot element (Master-esque inflamation, chaos, panic, swarm).
^
Bees Blaster!
Not real bees
But projectiles that act like bees
Swarmshot with some degree of homing
I like the trigger
I'm working on a power for it right now actually
I've got something 
Shouldn't be too tough to write out
Just in between three diff. tasks atm
Yeeeeeeeaaah
Our boy Targe
First day and he finna get lynched by the Offshoots
Parading your Buckler-lookin' ass in the slums
It's a bold move, Cotton
哦
Oh, I thought we were doing the old way
I was making a full writeup
Whoops
I like the rain of arrows #1 power and it's pin down and shatter effect
Flavor wise it's really strong
But I'm afraid that it doesn't lend itself to super creative combat
Barrage a sucker, rinse and repeat
It's a power you can do a lot with, but the 'how' of what you do with it is generally the same
'Fire arrows at a target location' is what it boils down to, regardless of how it's utilized
I'm happy with it's lethality, it's not a huge dealbreaker for me
But I worry that it will be effective but same-y for combat
I like the noise/silence aspect of it, touching on the chaos of the riot
Flavorwise, I'm happy with it, and I think it's a power that's pretty well-suited for Cogo, but it might need some tweaks
A Shaker aura where the silence causes vertigo, maybe
Just fucking with the inner ear to that point
And with the option to do sonic blasts, or AoE concussive waves
Stuff that knocks people back, slams them into stuff
I like it, needs some more oomph / variety, but the flavor is sweet
Ooh yeah, adding that element to 2
Sound bomb traps
I like it
4 is neat. It's missing a certain something but the idea of it is pretty cool
I like 2 out of them, with the spit polish modifications mentioned earlier
On my way home for dinner
What's up
I dunno who did 2 but I can write up the baseline
Nah
I've done too many today
Why?
I've made like four powers, I'm worn out
The best powers that came out of the new system IMO are the ones that took the other submissions into account and aggregated positive qualities from all well received suggestions
The old system was fine in my book but a lot of people complained about their suggestions getting steamrolled over by veteran powergenners
I think there's ways to get a good power out of the new system consistently and better than the old, it's just a more exhaustive/exhausting process
"[11:20:36] <Antioch> The old system was fine in my book but a lot of people complained about their suggestions getting steamrolled over by veteran powergenners" I guess the effect is reduced but it's still there. Most (all?) of the time when I've made a suggestion it wound up winning.
You won Gorilla Girl and one other, iirc?
Dunno which others you submitted for
Ohh
Trigger 29
Which one, the dogtinker?
There was Thal's gen after I went to bed?
Oh, rip
What do you think about the new gen, but at then end we all talk about what we liked and smush it up into a monstrosity
Like with the dog and catcher trump tinker
Yeah
I think so have an idea to make this work
And yeah
'tis
I think we can make Cashy automate a process
With hard-codes timers and anonymous submissions
And vote tallying
Once I'm out of class I'll outline the thought of the procedure
I've been archiving power gens (trigger and mechanical writeup) on Gdocs
I'll be vetting the March batch of triggers today
Stick around for feedback / addition to the trigger doc
You don't like Will Smiff?
It's not a meme, man
It's a legitimately good show
The family shit in that show was so good man
These are some good cape names.
I'm eagerly awaiting Cogo's rendition of King Kush.
can i pierce the heavens
let's do it
I gotta pierce my GF first though.
I picked that flaw with Scelesta
I gotta be like this
Here's another
I'm offering a campaign application example to Chubster who's thinking about starting a new campaign
I like that trigger
Crowknight changer and Angelspike are both pretty solid. The first one seems more fun to play but the second one has some nice aesthetic.
I'm glad that the trigger was able to be interpreted as straight, full-on sexual repression
I tried to make it work in either direction, and I'm excited to see either interpretation
I can tweak the mechanics tomorrow.
I'll ship you a KO'd Saff for experimentation so you can really get gory and realistic for that Twig finale.
Night, everyone. Good luck, Saff!
Re: the setting, not surviving the inevitably lethal living biopsy
Hrm, yeah, I think biopsies are generally implied to be living
And small-scale / nonlethal
Or maybe I'll dream of the Yop! Tinker again and finally remember what it does. I think it emphasized consumables to a heavy extent.
Morn'
I'm acquainted with that feelerino. Condolences.
BTW, what power ended up getting genned for Mishie's fundamentalist sexual repression trigger yesterday?
Howdy, Dol.
The one where the devil crawls up your bunghole? Nah.
I like that one though.
Oh, cool. I'm going to take a shower, pay the rent, and I'll take a look at the mechanics of it, Shade.
Could you PM me what you have?
I'll go ahead and claim and increment.
Also, ask Saff for me when she gets on if she wants a full-on traditional Tinker Table for the Dog & Catcher Tinker.
Nice to see the Changer numbers getting on up there.
What was Thalia's ghost dog mine trigger?
That needs to be claimed/incremented.
Hit by car, smothered dog?
Hey, Nick
This one's for you, kid
Understood.
Nah. I'm drying off.
 type /cs register roomname
way ahead of you pal
Don't need combat skills if you're clever enough. :p
Three of the characters I've had the most fun with don't have em.
because making friends is illegal in weaver dice
you have to be a lone wanderer
never relying on others
it's a cold... cruel... life...
^
Lol.
Have fun playing a deaf character because it's Mechanically Optimal my dude
They have earplugs.
Queen doesn't need them as much because she doesn't use the high caliber stuff.
Seems pretty out of line with the trigger, imo
A paper-thin justification at best
You're not particularly creative, huh
Where's the narrative you're trying to build with this character? Is there any?
How has their trigger shaped them, how do they impact the setting and vice versa, where do you think their life and experiences will lead them?
Queen and TGK and Harmacist have addiction triggers. Speed, heroin, alcohol
Can't think of anything else off the top of my head
Don't bother trying to help
It's a waste of time and effort
I have to wonder, Jack, what are you hoping to get out of WD? Why do you play, and what experiences are you looking for?
^
I have fun being part of an overarching narrative, being able to learn more about cool NPCs, seeing the ripples of my actions affect other PCs, solving puzzles and getting out of pinches with improvisation and quick thinking, putting little pieces of myself in my characters and seeing them grow, learn, and fail.
As an example.
Nah
Pacifist with a gun is an awesome trope.
I ran one of those in my D&D campaign and it was great.
Might tell the tale in #Tabletop later.
I really like how you play Spook, by the way. All of the sessions are really fun to watch.
yop!
the best
Blitz sort of lets you do that, Jack.
Hit-and-run tactics where you rush someone and keep running past them, turn around after you've put some distance between.
Slugging people and hurling them away with Strongarm is also a tactic in that vein.
You'll need both for the skill, in the same vein as Martial Arts, AFAIK.
Hey, if that's the case, then Einstechen gets a little buff. Nice.
Through and Through got a little nerf, Headshot got a little nerf
But mod. pierce is still solid
Hiya, Tell.
yop!
yo-yo is a finesse weapon
yop-yop
Eh. This discussion has been on and off for four or so hours.
Just let Jackknife do whatever. If it's an issue for the player/GM, it's for the player/GM to work out. I don't think that we're getting anywhere with the multitudes of advice.
It's not my campaign and this entire line of discussion has frankly, been both disappointing and grating.
@ Mishie, Saff|GM:
Oh, and Shadewalker, too.
Hmm, you know, Cask might have been a Yop! Tinker.
tubes' NPC Double March is the closest we've gotten to Jet Set Radio Tinkers, I think.
She's definitely one of my favorites out of your NPCs.
For those of you who went through it, what do you think about the mechanics / aesthetic / playability of Mishie's angel Changer power?
Hrm, what's the next Helpful Weaver Dice Thing I should do?
Oh, Teller - I think this is the first time it's come up, since it's the first time the Trigger Doc has had a full 100, but when Cashy claims a trigger, all the triggers get scooted up by one -- except for the one in row 100.
There are logs, conveniently enough.
Hmm. 1) Tinker Tables for Faust's Mechdog Tinker. 2) Exploring Archetype cards and possible skill support. 3) Willpower skill rework in tandem with Master effects/flavors. 4) Something about smoothing out the kinks in the new powergen process.
Mmm, check the Pact Dice: Mile End doc for an example, Claw
I'm thinking about them as far as cashing in archetype cards for a character, giving them a label of sorts, but also being able to lean on the label for two or so bonus skill pips relevant to that archetype. Going down the list and connoting skills to any given archetype, but I dunno how that'd work in practice
Mrrh. Something like this, but I'm poking at the edges of a very slippery idea.
Less about the names and more about the colors, atm
Resource, kinda?
22, I thought
Awesome, thanks, Tell
@ Vulstag - Think Firlz was talking about major arcana in specific
Yop!
Yop!
I dunno! Something about her just stuck with me.
The only 1.5 trigger I know of is Lausanne's Abbatoir
*Abattoir
They do, Pink.
You can probably puzzle it out by giving some consideration towards their individual Tinkerings
Your weakling brother isn't really suited for the Barrio Cristal life, huh, Hops.
Toss him outta the moving car.
That's true. I may have gleaned additional insight on that front what with the old bomberooni.
Hey, ColdGold|GM, Nick, and Firlz. I'm done checking out wedding venues today. I am ready to GM, but I'm travelling through an area with poor reception.
Give me twenty or so minutes to get back into a place where my phone can tether to my laptop.
How do you mean, Mega?
Oof. I know that reality, Tell b
*.
I'm hoping to shed more light on the latter.
But I agree that I tend to fudge the narrative of character deaths with closure in mind?
Longinus had so much going on in the background.
'Best WD PC Death' should be something we all vie for.
Poor Schuyler went out with a bang and a whimper. :P
^
Alright, folks, I've got internet now. Let me get things set up. Firlz has the session opener, and I'll reel in Nick and Cogo as their appearances are needed.
He was a weenis to tried to get out of getting murdered by the chick whose life he ruined by attempting to seduce her.
Schuyler's narrative was so satisfying from a non-PC perspective solely because every lesson he learned in humility, honesty, and respect, he learned a few sessions too late. :P
I try to know my characters well.
That way, it's all the more exciting and impressive when they surprise me.
Lying to yourself is either the easiest or hardest part.
Man, now I wanna see the Hispanic H-sus vs. Ghetto G-sus throwdown.
Just a beefy teleporting dude whopping this kid around and yellin' at him to not do drugs.
Not everyone appreciates a good community barbecue, I see. :(
Freddy could make his on Protectorat Cratical.
*his own
Nice.
"I love making rats that look just like me," - Rat Rat Boy, probably
OK, you got me. I guess I'll just shoot him with a regular ass gun.
I love Rattletale.
! just makes the rolls separate rather than added up, IIRC.
Yeah. The ! is important for Khandhas, who needs to roll many dice.
I think Dodger is internally shaking his head.
Hah.
There's nothing better than making Nick cry
Just when he thought things were going okay, the ghost of Lilith comes back to ruin his life.
Caitiff in drag
^
Dags doesn't have Investigate, I think is what Spelt is saying.
I really like Hops' family.
This San Raul feels -really- authentic, as a portrayal of an extended family get-together.
And yeah, I'm a big fan of Cogo's clever moves and creative techniques.
Hiyah!
Nah. She's just taking Athletics penalties from the current ribbon thing she's using.
I've been noting wounds, yeah. If it matters, she's sustained two lesser and two moderate.
Stuck, graze, skull crack, and broken rib. Remains to be seen if those actually kicked in, or if it was mitigated by armor.
Sec-rat-ary
Oh, nvm
That's been done
Haha, I love that picture.
Hmm. I should make a cape called Flyin' Lion.
He's not dead yet, just blacking out from the pain, to be clear.
Blood loss may factor in, if this drags along.
Stay tuned. I may have need of you yet.
Man. I'm stressing out over here too.
I'm keeping track of it for you.
God.
Cogo dodged it by being unconscious, so he didn't mentally process the message.
*because
Man, this is stressful for me.
My hands are shaking.
That was a very good 'oh dear'.
Pretty much the same here, man.
I'm really glad that San Raul is running right now.
Every time my hands start to shake too much I can tab over and let it balm my trembling soul.
Geez louise.
Go, Firlz, go!
That's good nutshot protection.
That is correct, Firlz.
Thanks for letting me flex my medical terminology to help you, Firlz. I'm glad it came in handy, in a GM sense.
Sorry, we'll have to wrap up some other time, Nick. It feels wrong to end the session anywhere else.
Man, Firlz.
That was amazing.
You really came through on that last battery of posts.
I'm really, really impressed.
That was also really, really not how I expected this session to go.
I thought that A) Absynthesis would defect, and B) TGK would either die or be kidnapped.
I, yeah, I also didn't expect Sigma to die.
I've updated the main page.
I agree. Nice choice.
As per The Contract:
A) Sirocco would have probably called Khandhas "The Entangled Eye".
B) I'll be happy to answer any questions about his super weird power. But it'll have to wait until tomorrow, or some time after that, because I've got to get to bed.
As for Bel, this week is a big here-and-there, as far as scheduling goes, but I think Wednesday and Friday are your best bets, right now.
I'm going to need to take a moment to flush out this adrenaline from my system.
No prob. To Nick and Bel.
I'm going to need to think about what happens next. I didn't expect Sigma/Antithesis to die.
"Sorry, Julie, but I'm only attracted to capes with a PRT rating of 5 or higher."
I'm going to get these logs tidied tomorrow. Lots of italics to remember to convert!
I notate my italics in-session like so, not /like so/, so I don't think it'll work.
I think it was worth it, for the way the last few posts flowed.
Yeah. IRCcloud can do italics only with the custom add-on.
I use Tampermonkey with the Send With Style plugin.
Man, oh man. Just realized something.
I can't wait for Zipperless to read these logs.
Well, the session wasn't as long as the Longest Session, but that's reasonable
Because the Longest Session was a mishmash over several days.
DRIPS, BITCH!
Here it is without italics and cleaning.
I'll take care of that tomorrow.
Whew, okay, I'm wiped out.
I'm gonna try and get some rest.
Night, all.
Thanks, Cogo, N!ck, and very especially Firlz for this one hell of a humdinger of a session.
Man. Yesterday was crazy.
I was flying by the seat of my pants for most of it.
Really happy that it turned out the way it did.
That is to say, entirely contrary to my expectations.
Absynthesis defecting, Sigma living, TGK dying/kidnapped, etc.
Cashy made those rolls awesome though.
Khandhas getting collaterally Mastered was an important facet in his last scene.
I'm glad I had an opportunity to wank around a bit with my medical knowledge.
Poor Freddy(ie).
New campaign, not Weaver Dice?
Hmm. I'm not 100% sure. Maybe #Tabletop?
Rerorerorero.
Hmm... give me an hour and a half? I've got class at 11.
yay!
yeah
i'm gonna shit on katz
man. not those worthless goons
i don't remember her
OK, Pink, I'm just about ready. I'm grabbing lunch, so my responses might be a little slow, but other than that I'm A-OK and ready to play.
I'm still a little doozied out.
bark.ogg
Bitchiiiiiin'.
to his family?
Or to whom?
Picked a fight with street thugs, I think, will suffice.
Of course.
such mockery :'(
Haha. Antithesis wouldn't want Forgemaster, sadly.
Mm. Khandied yams.
It was an awesome session. Outshone the Behemoth one.
The Slow Vern pun, I think.
In the midst of a conversation with Dags, IIRC.
Hiya, Tell. Things are good.
Not yet. Just pokin around.
I cannot.
I have not.
Now with kung-fu action and realistic screaming!
Keeping him from getting yanked all the way inside?
Cody is the worst and it's satisfying to see him suffer b
*.
Howdy, iri.
If I make a good decision, tell me. That's out of character and I will need to redact it.
Queenterlude
They should give Verdict an MP3 player with recordings of Cody's blaspheming, and send her off to an Endbringer fight.
It's his only true skill.
Mal-slow's Hammer
As it ought to be.
Perfect.
Erie.
If you're talking about Lilith.
Yeah, I figured as much
 /nick Antioch
As is right and just.
19:57 <Thaliaway> Who did Cody wake up with?
That's a question that neither I nor he will never ask
"Cody, being the fucking worst, as usual"
That session was good fun. Thanks, Pink and Dol.
It's highly likely.
Hey, welcome, Desiak.
Glad to have you.
Pretty happy with Lumina's Arc 18 session.
Yeah, and the general build-up towards it.
The conversation w/ Sorensen was nice, in particular.
"Mom, dad... I turned your car, refrigerator, and television into a mechanical tiger."
"Uhh, have you tried being straight?"
I'll post what's there over the course of this week.
I think you would be better suited sober. There'll probably be points where critical thinking is a necessity.
She's going to keep running into different walls until one of them breaks (or she does).
how bout you cauterize this DICK
ayooooo
What's Audrey's dad's job?
Da-doy.
I was moreso wondering if their families might run in the same social circles.
Night, all.
I'm in rather a GM mood. Yesterday's session went a good ways towards rejuvenating my mojo.
Hope to wrap up major research for the week tomorrow and run a few sessions, clean logs, et cetera.
'til then, goodnight!
Of all the people in the Cleveland PRT's unpowered staff, I honestly believe Sorensen has it the worst.
Coffee is to Mendez as Lansoprazole is to Sorensen.
The little sorting thingy, Ell?
It just alphabetizes things by the column of your choice.
I was very pleased by it.
Which trigger, Ell?
Oh, whoops, I thought Ell was talking about the filter arrows.
Darn.
Did you read the full writeup for the angel power, Ell?
Now Malfire has a winged cape.
Correction: Malfire has a screaming lump of flesh who occasionally flails inconveniently.
She's thick as a sack of pennies, I tell you
Lesser murderhobo vs. murderhobo
I'm not sure yet.
Afternoon, Tell
The older ones in my pastebin should be from KiwiIRC.
What's the time limit?
Just got back, writing something up.
Wait for me as well, Faust?
Wrapping mine up.
Law never dies.
Hmm... Power 1. It's like a more huggy Ballistic.
She has a goopifying laser that melts inorganic things into a slippery trail, but if people get hit by it, they start bleeding.
Insofar as I understand it.
Trigger is listed in the doc Faustus linked, Firlz.
Imminent harm works out for Blaster.
I'm not super excited about power number one?
I'm concerned it'll boil down to "I'm gonna grapple the shit out of them for as long as I can, and then launch them into the moon when they break free"
With some "let's throw some heavy objects at them" interspersed.
Hmm. I feel like mechanically speaking, it'll get kind of tabular.
At the end, Firlz
Just moving down a table of weapon effects every round seems like it's tough keep track of.
I do like the tradeoff between defense and offense as it progresses, but since it's a one-way street the thematics are a little lacking.
Yeah, what if you just only ever use one for defense and only ever use one for offense, like a sword-and-board kind of deal?
Themes, I think, are strong, but I have a few concerns about the mechanical execution.
Shall we move to the next?
Yeah, we can merge it with the other Baraka power, lol.
Biggify Striker is... visually cool
But I'm reminded about all the nightmares I've had as a GM dealing with D&D's Enlarge Person shenanigans
I'd be a little leery of running this one myself, but if Faust is cool with it, I dig the flavor and the options available.
Yo ho ho, he took a bite of Gum-Gum
Please don't arrest my ghost, Non.
Why bother doping yourself with 5 when you can just pap people and make them puke their insides out, if I'm reading it right.
Five doesn't tickle me too much, here.
The second Baraka power :P
I think that combining them could lead to something interesting.
I like the defense / offense tradeoff in 2.
"My knife is better!"
Alright. Let's change the power so that the weapon manifested is a boxing glove on a spring, instead.
I worry about the logistics for 6. It's one of those where the mechanics of it would be up to the GM to decide, especially with the skill-stuff.
QoL perk is he gets to pop them out of his feet
And go ice skating.
1000 degree knife
Well, ain't that nice.
Ain't that knife.
sharp dickhands
knifeyhands
I'd actually treat the falling tower as a Very Big Projectile.
BONE TRAIN
20~ ish mins.
Sorry, I'm preoccupied atm
hmmm
 no bone train
0/10
Here Comes A Slippery Boy
rock boolet
podporter doesn't really really make m'eyes light up
i'm cool with 6 in a vacuum, but i wouldn't want to stick Saff with another Amphetamine-Queen-alike, as far as the takeoff / impact landing goes
aw, no spike field
aw
wa
I'm gonna finish Cleveland, dammit. I can taste it.
I killed seven folks, so there's that
Hmm. I have a question for you guys.
Who comes to mind, when you think 'Blaster'?
Be it a Worm character, WD PC, or WD NPC.
Yeah, I get that, Bel.
I'm mulling over potential artwork for each of the twelve classifications, so I'm thinking about visual representation of a blaster power in a static medium
Hand outstretched, finger gun, kamehameha pose, et cetera.
Revel is the one who's coming to mind for me, at the moment.
The Protectorate leader with the lantern.
Er, not leader.
Cape.
But there's not a lot of 'blast-in-progress' dynamic frames that stem from that.
Iron Rain could work.
Triumph would be good, too, with an illustrated 'sound blur' effect.
Purity's helical beam could work.
I'm thinking like, art that focuses on an individual character in the process of using their power
Wherein the power is the focus, sure, but the character might be recognizable to add further context
Not that I know of.
Hard to illustrate the one-two punch aspect of his power in one single static frame
I got up really early today and thought about a Weaver Dice manual visually polished to a similar extent as, say, a D&D manual would be, and was basically mulling over all of the art that would need to be done for that sort of endeavor
I think it'd be nice to have a blend of iconic Worm characters and WD characters.
Morning, Saff
Harsh.
I got up really early today and thought about a Weaver Dice manual visually polished to a similar extent as, say, a D&D manual would be, and was basically mulling over all of the art that would need to be done for that sort of endeavor
So with every section (or splatbook, maybe -- the Tinker handbook is probably a tome in and of itself) there would be character art of a cape
The focus would be on their power, so it'd need to be some power with distinct visual aspects
Lots of stuff I'd love to see illustrated. After next year I won't be socking away a silly quantity of money monthly for wedding costs so I could pony up for some nice commissions.
Assclown Akira was a pretty iconic Tinker.
I'm mulling over Changers right now. Horn Lord isn't bad. A Horn Lord versus Grindylow scene could showcase two Changers, if indeed the latter is one.
AQ should go in the little blurb about how using guns negatively impacts your reputation.
I can't believe you illustrated that, lmao.
Amazing.
Maniobra or Spotlight Head are the ones I have in mind for Thinker.
Who are some good Brutes?
Aegis is the iconic canon Brute for me.
which one?
Hmm. Don't remember that one
Jigglypuff as seen from above.
"Stop Calling Me Nate" - The Schuyler Story
Directors would be good.
I can give appearance details of anyone on the Cleveland staff, if you end up needing them.
Early forties, hispanic, hair neck length, suit, angular facial structure, severe expression, short-ish height, no jewelry.
I can try and find you a reference photo later.
Black suitjacket, slacks, white blouse, no tie, I'm thinking. You may have to ask Mega.
That's about right.
She's not short short, but she's in the mid-to-lower half of five feet, I think.
Descriptions for certain characters come easily to me, while others are tough.
Forgemaster is tough to describe, for example, while Cantus Aureus isn't.
Which few can you think of, Pink?
Fig is great.
A smidge more, I think, Thal.
And he never will!
Feral's dynamically iconic, but not visually so.
Can't illustrate her schlorping back together.
Yeah. I dig Paperdoll, both powerwise and characterwise.
Don't turn into bread, Claw.
Stop loafing around.
Coldhand was visually pretty solid, powerwise.
One of my PCs has it, but hasn't used it in too much depth yet.
I'm basically noting down ideas, and putting them in my notebook with as many details as possible to commission later on down the line
I dunno if Vic would be good illustrated, because it's hard to visually convey his power?
I mentioned Spotlight as a Thinker candidate.
He has a power with a good visual aesthetic.
I was stuck on PC Blasters, for a bit, but I think Candela's solid.
I like Captain Saturn
For brute
And Ratboy would be nice, but tough to illustrate the "this is a rat in disguise" look
That Leper Saint Master would be a visually striking one.
How far into Sicol are you, Saff?
He could be appended to the director supplement as Corporate Team Leader
Read more, Saff!
Nay.
People die if they are killed.
Gigawatt has a wig, but it's affixed to her head via a helmet. Only the ponytail comes through the back.
Two weeks 'til.
I'm not sure it'll get to that point.
Leitstern, bitch!
I'm actually not sure anymore.
Antithesis dying basically threw off all of my expectations/projections for the remaining arcs.
Yeah, I'm very satisfied with the scope.
Sigma is Antithesis. Sigma was the alias she was using while she worked with Longinus.
Nah.
The final boss is still a thing.
I'm not sure who all knows the importance of Antithesis being who she is, so I'm not sure if the whole Sigma = Antithesis actually means anything to anyone.
The true final boss is Mortal Lock's ghost.
!search mortal lock's ghost
!search ghost of mortal lock
Which is kind of weird/funny, because TGK hates Wink's guts.
TGK is a pretty spiteful guy, all things told.
You have to remember he ponied up a lot of cash for Coldhand's dead ass, and would have maintained the same offer for Killhand had she not defected.
It's thanks to Saff's big stunt, really.
And Einsicht's meddling.
I didn't expect Saff to turn herself in as Killhand, either.
Her unexpected actions generally lead to really good narrative moments, though, so I'm happy continuing to be surprised by her.
Stick a drone in her to keep her monitored at all times, wait for Wink to recuperate, and pass the buck, essentially.
Who, me?
Nah. I didn't expect her to defect or stay loyal. It was completely up in the air when I posed the question.
Nah, Thal. Build an Epilepsy Chamber for Cwn's disciplinary needs.
As of right now, Saturday seems most doable.
White and silver.
That's a rolled 7 for "Big Egg Sandwich".
I should make $madlibs return three random ingredients
And cook something using those.
It'd be like Chopped.
Most things taste pretty good on rice.
Mice on rice
No prob.
He lives on, in the rats.
_seen Dalenacio
Log formatter works for me (raws from IRCcloud).
Re: Antithesis copying Lilith's power - she did not.
Re: Antithesis copying Cwn Annwn's power - she did not.
In the traditional Trump sense.
Our settings may be different, Saff.
The reason why TGK's blood-ruining beam didn't work on Antithesis is because she was just suspending ferrofluid with some blood as decoration. The spatial tears were a copycat of Longinus tech informed by scans of rifts that Cwn left behind as Killhand, way back when.
That was the plan. She tainted the lake.
Good on Khandhas and friends for improving your prospects for continued employment.
Yeah. I think it was in the aftermath of you burning down / robbing the grocery stores.
Made it easier for other folks to hit her, though. Hard to shore up defenses when you're being attacked by multiple vectors. The timing was bad, on her end, not expecting Ratboy nor Khandhas to be present.
Finding out what she wanted with TGK is gonna be harder now, though. :p
That was, AFAIK, the only RP he put out here.
Yeah, same here.
We keep in touch via Facebook from time to time.
Yeah. At the time of Invictus, he'd just graduated with a physics major and was job hunting
Moved to somewhere with a lower cost of living around the fall, and cordoned himself off from the internet to really buckle down, find stable work, build up savings.
The mental compulsion that Absynthesis inflicted on Khandhas and Co. was derived from Invictus's power.
Who is long dead, but had inflicted a second-trigger 'Don't move, don't breathe' compulsion on Kusakabe, who was vegetative in the hospital.
And being treated by Absynthesis, for a time.
Not any more, though. Now he's just a vegetable forever.
Now he's just a vegetable until he dies ingloriously in Golden Morning, or of a staph infection.
Heh. He was one of my favorite NPCs, so it's a little sad to see him reduced to this state.
Nah. He's basically the same, which is trapped in his own mind and capable of communicating at a rate of roughly one word per half a minute.
Via the helmet TKG cooked up for him.
The latter. It's a compulsion that's tied to the shard.
Or you could kill him and put him out of his misery.
That's probably for the best, at this point.
!addquote <Faustus> Just pump bullets into their brain until you eventually hit the corona. I call it the Clumsy Contessa
Mmm, not quite.
Basically, the command went out and afflicted an overriding compulsion on the victim's shard.
Which now does its job, but also enforces said compulsions.
It wouldn't. Invictus's power as applied to normies was the psychometry/hierarchy emotional slam.
But mostly Khandhas, and man, that's gotta sting.
Forgemaster is commissioned five weird, melty, silently screaming statues.
You have a good knack for giving every character a unique voice through vernacular and colloquialisms, Cogo.
I like the idea of the city slowly getting graffitied by an inexorable onslaught of "Do you understand?" graffiti
Nice non-sequitur, almost an in-joke
Smacks of "Are we cool yet?", in a sense
Gn, all!
Morning, Bel
Nah. Rule the city as Duke Archibald Hobodog.
It's the best plan.
You have a lot of spells you can cast at the drop of three to five hats, but they don't pack a lot of punch, and also you're a hobo.
Not sure if the campaign is going to run long enough for research to get relevant, but it's the crux of my character concept.
Well, Bel.
I have 10000000 books.
Every single one of those books is Worm.
I have Blunt Weapon Mastery.
Bel accidentally became a practitioner on a drunken bet IRL
Qood guestion, Nick
i solomon-ly swear
They're 40mg liquid caffeine supplements
You can add them to coffee
Or any drink really, but they taste like creosote
I dunno which characters in any Bow-work I'd identify most with.
Struggling and drawing a blank, when it comes to Worm, at least off the top of my head, tho' I'm a little distracted
Out of Pact, Peter was probably the most relatable
new phone who dis
Evenin', Tell.
That feel when Findlay doesn't tell Cwn about Gigawatt being kidnapped because I'm bad at handling session chronology
That feel when he wouldn't have done it anyways
Is Miss Spelling a cape?
There isn't.
I'm honestly a little amused you rolled the 1, Saff.
Forgemaster's phone would have opened the lock.
I'd like to see a Mover with Strongarm just zip around and lariat the shit out of people.
LariRAT
Larry-Rat.
What a lovely duwang! chew
In a descriptive sense, or a pacing sense?
I think that it's nice that players can set their difficulty, if only a little bit, in WD.
Sometimes, yes.
Not at the mo', Game.
Stick around and keep an eye out. New ones open every now and then, and priority generally goes towards people who've shown their faces in chat consistently.
Harmacist and TGK are two serum-type tinkers I can think of, Turco.
What are you thinking about?
A unique twist?
Hmm, I got it.
Liquid metal serums! Nanobots! People shoot up and get temporary, super-strong mecha arms.
Advanced serums have them grow finger or palm guns!
Welcome back, Lys!
Did the job thing work out?
Awesome!
I didn't really base my campaign on anything. I did a lot of setting research though.
Saff fired up a campaign while you were away. Three sessions in so far!
Pretty good!
Nice relaxing session.
Saff yells at cloud.
I might give Pact Dice a whirl if I'm comfy enough with it.
Y'all failing the Invictus willpower checks was what made last session so juicy
(in the voice of Gutshot, who has been in jail for a few days) "Mmmmmgmmhllfmgmgmmmm!"
Wise words from Nick.
It's a good cape name.
One of my favorites.
Mouse Defender
I like Rat Pack. It's jazzy.
The Piper isn't bad.
Pssht!
Those children were vermin too.
Ratastrophe
You see nossing!
Because you're a nerd?
Logs are for nerds -> read these logs
Pretty clear leap of logic there, imo.
Arc 18 done!
I will write an interlude.
I will also probably do one PHO thread.
I think it works, Bel.
I'll be in the lab but can multitask.
Khandhas memorial thread
3000 posts saying "who?"
Ohh, yeah. Wratp-up.
Poor Cwn.
The worst thing that could have happened for her was no fight at all.
She's a menace to herself and others.
Yep.
Nothin' better than a good old-fashioned blueball
It's pretty fragile, so it shouldn't be tough
Gn everyone! Thanks for the session Saff
What flavor of justice?
I'm still really amused at the mental image of a floppy geyser of foam rushing out of a hole in the prison wall
Hardening into a permanent foam boner
Flurp.
I've always imagined containment foam to be more a yellowish beige.
Hard to get a pure white, when you're mixing chemicals like that, afaik.
[PRT INTRADEPARTMENTAL NOTICE] Please stop putting food coloring in the containment foam.
it is soft and warm like mash potatoe
I imagine the twins' candy taste like asbestos fluff
With a light coating of aspartame
Nobody died, which is as best as can be expected.
That's on Buchanan, regrettably.
The squad that intervened in the Sirocco / Cwn fight were basically told "yeah, sorry you nearly got dragged into a spatial distortion that would have left not very much of you to send back to your family by two capes having a shitfit in the middle of the day, go home and take it easy".
<Antioch> The squad that intervened in the Sirocco / Cwn fight were basically told "yeah, sorry you nearly got dragged into a spatial distortion that would have left not very much of you to send back to your family by two capes having a shitfit in the middle of the day, go home and take it easy".
It's still sitting forlornly on the beanbag.
I'm writing an interlude right now.
!search med school
Mega's intuition is pretty spot-on.
Jack of all forges, master of none
Enjoy!
I'm happy to run that at some point.
I'm in class right now until 12, with a business lunch afterwards, but if it's just you two.
Get rid of all that excess stress before you talk to Cwn, so you're surprisingly mellow when it happens.
Do you want to run through the debriefings and yelling in PM?
Enjoy!
Mmm, Thursdinner.
Yeah. They wanted the rampaging asshole 53s to stick around.
Morning, Bow.
They can always be resubmitted.
I let through ones with zero votes that were well done, IIRC. Just had to stop because we hit 100.
I like 'da meat'
I don't think your whacking stick is big enough to qualify as a staff
Mebbe, Mega. Depends on how long this lab meeting / demonstration ends up running.
hey hey, Cogo
Presentation is better for a ten of swords cape
Grandstand hoy
instead of pocket sand, pocket glitter
finely crushed glass is glitter-ish
I believe that was the joke, sir
Goblins only
Thal's schedule is antithetical to Mega's, basically.
Barring weekends.
Nah. Sirocco doesn't hit the gym
Hero, tho.
Would be nice to have a cape called "The People's Elbow"
I'm in ankle testing right now
But it's two people session
So I trust you guys
Let me set the scene and get back to the lab
Try the Arby's Meatstrosity
As far as fast food fries go, Arby's is okay. I'm partial to a good shoestring fry, but no Steak and Shakes in my town.
Checkers/Rally's fries are good, but every other place has been hit-or-miss depending on location.
Too bad Sigma's dead. She might've.
Flip them and grill them midair with your laser.
Implying being a rogue will keep you safe, tubs
"Your burgers suck! I'm beating you up!"
Nah, at the deli
Mmmmmeat mountain
Poor forgemaster missed his freeman session because it had to get rescheduled due to sirocco and cwn's nonsense, iirc.
She only derives pleasure from making Freddy suffer
Who'd you put as a 9 or 10, for relative context, Tell?
Yeah, six sounds about right. Maybe a seven, when Freeman inevitably makes her sad.
Hmm. 11 would an irrecoverable loss, then?
Every time I see Ivo I just imagine Dr. Eggman from Sonic
Pingas and all.
Mm, yeah.
Would playing a PC that's a 5 or lower even be fun? :p
Poor Verdict. Not even Daffy can bring her back from the brink.
1-10 being the psychiatrist you need to fix you
Yamada's a nine, Freeman's a 5 or 6 :p
Haha, that balloon was way better than expected
I was expecting a mylar party balloon
Such as it is. I think that within the bureaucratic confines of the PRT sets a baseline difficult context for most cases, sadly.
That's the Cauldron vial guy, trying to keep everyone's shit together.
Entiendo might be a 1-4 now, but I put good money on him Bonnie & Clyde-ing it up
It was destined to be slaughtered.
The Bean Hut
The Daily Grind
Koffie
He was guilty.
Don't they make drugs that sort of do that, for negative reinforcement to get alcohol addicts off the sauce?
DA, Khan, P1, Coldy, uh
Lil & Long
Devil's Advocate. He had a master power that made people incoherently mad.
Send him a PM, ask about his schedule and availability.
!addquote  <tubes|Slither> $roll 1d6 || <[ATM]> tubes|Slither [1]  = 1 || <tubes|Slither> if it's anyone's fault it's anti's
Rude
Saff, I think you'd like reading Slither's sessions in Sicol Bend.
She's right up your alley.
Hey, Teruzi, if you want to speak with Thalia at some point to schedule a session between the two of you, I won't mind.
There's no rush, but it's better to figure out schedules for multiplayer sessions earlier rather than later.
!quote 520
OK, tubes. Roll a 6.
Yeah, waste all your good rolls on drinking games
That's the pro strat in Sicol Bend
Abigail was born with one foot in Hell
Destined to sin
I wonder if we'll ever find out what happened to the Yellowjackets.
Maybe Deep Six ate them.
Claire, hon, you'll drink yourself blind before you drink away that anxiety of your'n.
It's the ghost of Schuyler, haunting you.
 It's going to be like the episode with the singing cloud in rick and morty
chuck v dennis
who wins
wife plis help
Oh haha.
You guys wrapped that up before I woke up.
Gj.
Prolly gonna do that over spring break over the long drives
I'm visiting family in Louisville which gives me enough time to make a day trip to Indianapolis for research
Dolyn- the place with the chips delivers, but only locally. I'll pick you up a few bags and mail 'em.
Why are there two legions?
Snoot snoot
Environment Tinker?
Hmm.
*Thinker
Pure Thinker, or any subcats?
*subclasses
I live in the timeline that god has abandoned.
I'd take cues from the weather themed hero group in Lausanne, in part. Storm Warning? Storm Patrol?
Heavy emphasis on branding and public perception, merchandising
Not that the PRT doesn't emphasize that, but there's a whole department that handles it
A corporate team manager doesn't have that massive infrastructure to lean on
So they have to be a little more jack of all trades.
Nephew birthday, not Speltday.
Also Ereus birthday.
Is he your nephew?!
:0
I'm GMing you now, Horn Lord and Slither! Bwahahaha!
Minecraft cake?
Poor Chester!
Also, hey, Mari
Glad to see you back
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have allowed it to catpun.
Body shots, you mean?
I'm imagining Abby going home and tinkering out a chest cavity for body shots.
Jack in the Box tacos.
They're not so common where I live, at least.
I interposed 'good' and 'curly' together on vanderhuge's message and read "gnarly curly fries"
Mm, gnarly fries.
Sour cream and gravy
Yeah, Pink gets it.
Here's the session that preceded this one for context, Lysa.
With Lumina a PC character, I can finally use the paperwork template I made for a Tinker submitting one of their parts for review.
And then Mega can say "No!" and tear it up.
Thank you, Lys, I'm glad you liked reading that session.
Pink -- the gameplan for my campaign is to have the players do the trigger draft thing, I'm thinking.
Nah, it's cool. I imagine it's a difficult headspace to put yourself in.
If it's a "they're dead and you're next!" sort of thing, it could also be Striker.
I think my favorite 'minion' type master is ColdGold's Anansi.
I like the rats a great deal, but I think their Stranger aspect is what sells it for me.
The fact that his rats are passable human facsimiles is the crux of what makes that power neat to me, IMO.
Ratlibs?
Longinus was just a fever dream
No.
The shard knows what you want. The shard knows what you need.
He'd do it, he just hasn't had the time.
It'd just be him giving you the stink eye and restraining himself from giving you a lecture.
(after Claire explodes in the corner) "hey wow yeah this party is really poppin off" - everyone there, probably, who is too drunk to care.
Awesome session, Nick. Thanks for playing.
Switchblade was at the Wards fundraiser, and he did some things.
He's not quite antisocial, but he's certainly introverted, so it makes sense that you don't see him much.
Yeah. He used his power and took some tricks out of Kuroko's playbook.
wb, mega.
need me to relink?
lol fuck, mish
did you go to cambodian knife wielding school
Abby is a darned menace
Just turn her inside out and wash your hands of things, tbh
(in Schuyler's ghostly voice) "Same."
"Rather than continue making out, we should go and get a hamburger."
You know how Abby is
She's not happy unless she has someone as her bitch, for one
The bar has been set a lot lower than that, Saff.
Everything Abby touches turns to ash.
Quite literally!
Have fun, Jill!
How does it feel being clowned on by a twelve year old
said in Schuyler's ghostly voice
!search babysitter
Whoa! Blushy remembers italics.
Spicy.
You?
:P
I kind of want to see the Abby and Playpen Show
Let's be real, Flip Off and Utopian were probably already gay for each other.
This is just helping them past their repression and helping them find true love.
ahhhhhhhhhhh
said in the tone of someone who's just had a refreshing chug of pepsi.
No.
Playpen maybe almost died!
?
I think Sonderman was OK.
She knew how to swim.
Just get real sad and smash up the whole party
A tail can't chew cud.
You ever had kelpie before, Faust
Mmm-mm
That was my introduction to the server when I first joined back in May 2015, haha.
"fixed"
Just a ribcage with two nipples.
Poor gal.
Did she?
Too bad she's drunk and illiterate!
*watches a guy get stabbed three times in front of him*
"hey bb u wan sum fuk"
Heroic.
That feel when you're just Deep-Six's disposable lackey by proxy because your boner keeps leading you astray.
He was damned from the moment he murdered Swole ;-;
A beautiful soul, gone too soon.
Yes, that.
Horn Lord's casual continuation of his daily life after his first cold-blooded murder was rather alarming.
He's a naughty, naughty boy who wields insidious magicks.
I can't really say anything different for Schuyler.
He murdered Papa Rinaldi.
You're right. He should have let himself get murdered by Papa Rinaldi.
(ghost voice) "Same."
Not even joking, on the letting himself get murdered. Would've saved himself and everyone else a lot of grief.
Too bad Schuyler was a bad, bad boy.
And a lot of other things, tbh.
Like every incident in the city under Sonderman's jurisdiction.
Or performing basic arithmetic.
That's the new Playpen Protocol.
"Solve this long division problem, fucko."
Maybe some improper fractions.
Lacrimosa's mom is the real villain of Sicol Bend. Tbh.
Hey, Woolybug.
No. Rather, I ask, "How can I go wronger?"
( ˊ̱˂˃ˋ̱ )
It's just a funny face.
Impressive, Vern.
Good old Gungnir.
Sicol Bend would probably be a lot worse were it not for him.
He drove a wedge between Alex and Abby, forced an investigation on the Keepers, made Schuyler feel real sad, gave Superstition fifty more panic attacks, etc.
Feels Badmon.
Haha, nice
Great pic of Buttery Jensen
Yeah I think she might be a rat in disguise.
Maybe she's an undercover member of Protectorate Critical
Fake Mom
Maybe her mom triggered and Lumina's the master minion!
Oh, sorry.
That's my bad.
I thought we were doing old gen.
Tack that bake!
Halping powers aren't a very fun way to approach powergens, IMO.
Oh, speaking of which, I have time to work on the Dog and Catcher Tinker, Faust.
I wrote the immortality bit into the power as a flaw / downside, honestly.
There's no containment foam in Liverpool, probably, but it's on death and not being K.O.'ed, so a savvy foe could take them down, bury them in a concrete barrel, and wash their hands of the matter after dumping them into the River Mersey, while the cape probably second triggers or something hilarious like that.
I don't think the cape has to have their costume on all the time, but they're essentially full-body paralyzed if they take it off. I'm imagining that the shard is incentivizing them to be in costume at all times.
Would be worth asking, Turc.
That's an optional step - Tell's the one who's done it before.
Turco's call, in the end.
Sometimes we have a few folks who are on the right track and we tinker with the listed powers and end up with something neat, like the Dog and Catcher Tinker.
But I dunno if there's any melding to be done here, at least.
I like the Make-A-Wish idea for LP23.
You're dying, meet your famous hero friend.
Mm, Changer aspect is easy.
Mold the armor more precisely, more options.
Manifest natural weapons, wings, more facility with false 'motion', can modify inner body by changing the armor's shape, or something?
Doable, but if you want to reroll, it's nbd.
Y'mean this?
Or do you need further clarification?
Oh, I guess with the perk and stuff added too.
OK, done.
I'm glad you like it.
Thalia is a good, respectful girl, who brightens up campaigns with her very presence.
(said in the voice of someone who's being Mastered by Lumina)
o/
I thought Superstition was still stuck in Non's custody, but I might be misremembering.
Whew. A Cauldron favor to like Mendez.
I'd have to back out of that one, personally.
Wasn't Director Samuel Scrags the first?
With his poor Ward statue in his office.
Ah, OK. I always forget which came first.
Righto.
Sage was supposed to be Director Tarde in Detroit.
But I think that never panned out.
She was fine. Just anemic.
Oh god I can speak through mutes. Admin abuse.
You can crush me with your bone powers anytime. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Got it.
Wildghost.
Only just now?
Gosh.
I'm ready when you are, Bel.
Hrmm.
I can't find the Dags & Capo II logs.
Oh, thanks. You're a gent.
Found them, Bel|Dags.
Poor Gutshot and Greaser. They got foamed for no reason.
Well, she was affiliated with Caitiff, so I figure her Bacon number is low enough that she merited a good foaming.
Bacon number equivalent.
When was this?
Maltese Falcon is a cape name I've been sitting on for some time.
I can get the PRT Tinker application to design and field-clear Tinkertech form to you when I'm done traveling, Pink.
Poor Dags.
Every scene I've had Capo II in has been pretty good.
I'm happy with him as an NPC.
He was flying around over PRT airspace waiting for Cremator to be broken out so he could murder him, but that didn't pan out.
For that song, I was thinking "the lark's on its wing, the snail's on its thorn / god's in his heaven, etc."
Thanks for the session, Bel.
I'm sorry you didn't get to threaten anyone.
Np!
Ty, Bel! I'll listen as I drive tomorrow.
What TV show did Jay pirate?
Ahh, gotcha.
I'm in Indianapolis.
Brr.
I'll keep an eye out.
I'm mostly snapping photos of the canal and downtown areas, major landmarks, where I'm intending to place the PRT HQ (along the White River – less sprawling than the Cleveland's facility without separate buildings for PRT and Protectorate, but a tower and an underground area).
It's cold out, though, and my gloves are really big and make operating my phone a pain in the rear.
Please taste the fruits of my devotion.
I'll be doing a weighted ticket lottery again, but not getting fired could reflect well on you.
No director PC this time around, I think.
Corporate team leader and cape news reporter are the two unpowered options I'm contemplating atm.
Less fun, though.
salutations.......... compatriot
huh
who wrote this trigger
I don't usually take $classes into account for a power gen.
Just when I'm letting certain triggers through, when vetting the potential triggers.
It's why I've got a few good Trump ones and Master ones sitting unapproved despite their votes and such.
I think this is a really interesting twist on Stranger.
Unwanted attention of the social sort, but it's like... a degree removed.
Disgust (perceived) by association.
I think that Turco's suggestion has some good merit here.
Chewing over stranger thinker atm. I'll think some more as I walk the canal. Be back later.
Sorry, tubes. You get to be a...
^
I can link you some cauldron dealing logs, Van.
Reimann comes to mind
Oh, ty.
Man, I missed it in Motor City the other day
But Teller, let me tell you
I fucking lost it over Blockbuster Now
An absolute master stroke
Lysa, I can get you PRTHQ layouts for Cleveland and Indianapolis for comparison.
IIRC your campaign is set in Baltimore?
Righto.
@ Lysa
@ Megafire
Sorry, no stair elevator layouts
In my car, so I can't be too detailed.
^
Oh, forgot to list Gym Second Floor on the paste
Running track and treadmill, iirc
Gun range adjoining first floor gym
Sorry, doing this by memory
Well, you know what they say —
The bigger you are
The larger you are.
16:32 <Antioch> Sorry, doing this by memory
The faux building facade in the gym is intended as an urban-styled rock climbing wall, incidentally
That might not've been clear
Does that match your mental image of the place, Mega?
Gotcha.
Can you think of anything I'm forgetting?
Lumina's getting Kickflip and Sentinel's old adjoined double lab.
I guess she can have Forgemaster's too, now. ;-;
There's nothing sexual about consensual disembowelment.
It's a platonic act between friends.
Michael is a bad, naughty boy!
A truly shameful bug boy who wields insidious and shameful magicks!
Democratic Representative?
Weird cape name but OK.
; - ;
Does a dice roll belong to the player?
No, it belongs to the campaign.
Some would not say that.
Lest they taste my ban.
Sorry, Indianapolis doc is -very- WIP
He's halfway towards dabbing.
How do you tell the difference between Mendez and a Mendez Rat?
 You're a good GM, Saff.
Also I'll be there in 15. Stopped at the pet store.
Any cats?
I'm just playing Betrayal House Hill
Can field questions
This is what you need to know.
Yop!
Dinked around with some Tinker stuff
Shadewalker's prolly helpful here too
His work is re: specialties moreso than methodologies
I don't apply formulaic generation procedure to any Tinker – see Faust's dog and catcher tinker – but Tinkers delineate themselves into some pretty coherent categories
Tinker tables for PCs you mean?
Hmm, Maniobra is a Thinker I don't mind sharing but his power is pretty loosey goosey mechanics-wise.
Yeah, Cogo says it's cool
Steve!
Beholder...? Bad example.
I can think of Yumgar's Shaker/Thinker in Berlin.
Tremorsense secondary. Not very significant Thinker, but has a Thinker.
Yeah, feel free, Thal.
Berlin's fine, Vern's just taking a break to pass his April exam.
iridium248's The Black Knight in Cayo Hueso is another good Thinker, IIRC.
Mid or lower, ish.
SCG's Thinker in Fairbanks is another one.
The Morale Buster / Exile one.
I don't have it, I think.
Whirlybird was solid.
Oh, Faust's Pittsburgh char was a Thinker, right?
I have a few Thinker NPCs, but their powers aren't as in-depth.
Rebellion's Spotlight Head but he can pawn off his low rolls to fuck up others' rolls, but his pool doesn't refresh.
Fleetfoot is an Environment/Movement Thinker, with a power that buffs Acrobatics/Evade and grants some benefits to commanded subordinates, and some special environmental benefits.
Sordina's an acoustikinetic who can dampen and memorize sounds to be replayed at a later point.
Delphi's a Striker sub-Thinker, with the Thinker aspect giving them an edge in Martial Arts.
Jiangjun's a spoiler.
I don't have a lot of NPC Thinkers in Cleveland, now that I look at it.
The Thinkers I have didn't really have mechanics until they came up in-session
Hey, Teller, weird question, but which Case number was Spook?
Thanks. I was chatting with Saff about writing WD-related narratives, and I was struck with the urge to write Eclipse's tale.
Gosh, he was such a good character.
Ahh, right.
I misremembered Stranger 87 as her Case designation.
Thanks a bunch, Tell.
Thanks again! Once I'm no longer entertaining guests and you're not GMing at the moment.
!addquote <tubes|Slither> if you lead a dope to water, it's called "entrapment" when that water is a crime you set up
!nicchange
Neat. Didn't know I had those privileges.
They seem to do that. It's somewhat alarming.
And Dolyn can clip the rest of him.
Ooh
Thursday onwards is good for me
I do line by line. As a player and GM I write really stream of consciousness, usually
And I'm always worried about response time so I skip the editing
I just make snap decisions and commit to them
I didn't, Dolyn. Any time from Thursday onwards works for me, however.
Hey!
I've been rereading Grantsville.
I am enjoying Grantsville.
Director Grady was killed by Blue Bomber.
Director Foley was alive at the end but may have been killed by the mob of B53s.
whichever one is arc 18.
someone link Firlz the forgemaster interlude?
Sorry to bug you in the midst of GMing, Teller, but was Von Neumann Spade's surname, or his cape name prior to Eclipse? I could see both.
Thanks!
I assume that's a Von Neumann architecture reference, as opposed to the nanobots thing.
Ha, that's very Spade of him.
I put together an outline of what I'm gunning for today, as well as reread Grantsville, but I'll pester you with questions while you're not GMing. The Von Neumann thing was just eating at me. :p
Yeah, that's the only arm I can think of.
Is the player not entitled to the roll of their dice?
No, says the GM. It belongs to the campaign.
If you get Superstition'd in campaign, you get Superstition'd in real life.
Sicol Bend is set in early summer of 2010, right?
TGK is probably dead by then, honestly.
He's not a guy I imagine has a long lifespan.
Not even in a meta sense, he's a kind of reckless guy.
Socially, in a fight, how he handles his business and alliances.
He chronically undervalues his own life. Why else would he design a cannon that killed him every time he fired it?
Go, Claire!!
Enjoy.
Too bad Cogo's hanging out with me instead
The Better Boy
Poor Branding Advisor Gareau.
I can do concepts but not mechanics.
You gonna play WD while we wait in line at Six Flags my boy
I'll bring the portable phone charger
Have fun in Eagleton!
🎢🎢🎢
I'll be in Atlanta for the majority of the day, so I'm not sure about my availability.
the joke is that he's a toxic member of this community
He ran Mosswood a while back
And Raleigh, iirc
you mean how we're all scum of the earth
iridium and dk11, as well.
Probably.
Got it. PM me the details.
I'll update the tables accordingly.
Faustus's decision if he wants to show his sheet off, I suppose.
He has a Trump facet to his tinkering such that he can't make his own patterns, and has to steal them from other capes instead, so each one needs to be conjured up as we go.
Shagohod?!
Psycho Mantis!?
Sorry, I'm just making random exclamations to the effect of Metal Gear Solid.
Enjoy, Saff.
Did you read the session where I made Artisan cry?
Good.
way to ping a sleeping dude
smh
:^)
Hello, people who read Cleveland logs.
I have updated the Session Logs document.
Secret sessions are listed now, as far as where they fit in the chronology, although links to those logs are not provided.
I am in the process of cleaning and uploading Arc 18.
Lumina is listed as Annemarie Fidler.
I regret using 'Gallows' on a Case 53 that died in one session.
It was too good of a name to be used and thrown away like that.
I'm ready.
"[14:01:59] <Antioch> It was too good of a name to be used and thrown away like that." Gallows II
Thank you, Non.
I think Tubes was just looking for him because he's looking forward to having Claire's fate decided by the Sicol Bend PRT.
I'm available to assist.
14:46 <&Antioch|GA> I think Tubes was just looking for him because he's looking forward to having Claire's fate decided by the Sicol Bend PRT.
Will we be doing the new gen process?
I'm torn between a Thinker or a Tinker, either with a combat skew.
Both I can work with well enough.
Sure. I can make something along the lines of Pain King.
That's pretty in-character, to be fair.
1 and 8 are my favorites.
If I had to choose, I'd go with 1, though.
Not done yet. I'm trying to figure out how to bundle that up with your debrief with Mega.
Hey, Teller.
Alright, everyone, I've finished (roughly -- I haven't grammar/spellchecked/added chronology links) cleaning the Arc 18 logs for Cleveland.
Enjoy!
This Arc has been the longest one of them by a great deal.
We broke 100k words in just the one arc. Good job, everyone. O.O
Granted, it also took, like, four-ish months.
Here are the numbers for the curious.
Also, Firlz, the session log has been updated to account for secret sessions. They're now listed, but not linked.
I'll release them at the end.
Hi Mega.
I put up all of Arc 18.
All logs should be pretty-ish now.
I think.
Credit to Zene though.
Whoosh!
I'll do those later.
Spent a good part of the day grabbing those logs and running them through the formatter, and reformatting the old sessions.
Gonna take a crack at some homework, now.
Ty! fixed.
Yeah. You should have edit access to all logs except for the secret ones.
Maybe not the main session logs page though.
That would be fantastic, thank you.
There are the logs, Mega.
If anyone who's poking through the Cleveland logs wants to help, I wouldn't mind quote nominations for some of the sessions lacking quotes.
I can fix that.
I have fixed that.
Guy Finessing is Mucinex, I think?
Fixed it.
It also depends on the food.
The flu is a virus.
I wouldn't risk it, personally.
E. Coli is a bacterium.
Sufficient and prolonged application of heat can deactivate the influenza virus, but it's generally to the point of where you'd be rendering the food inedible.
We've had a few average aeons back-to-back, but it doesn't rule out some stranger ones down the line.
Good job!
Which line about the coffee were you talking about, Mega?
That's a good bit cleaner than the old, old spreadsheet we used.
Look at this relic.
I really appreciate the reputation tab.
This is good. I'll give it a whirl.
Nick and Tell might be helpful folks here. They're both wise in the ways of Google Sheets.
Seems easier to do 1 instead of pips, though.
Means you can have stats that exceed 5, and also, pips aren't on a traditional keyboard.
I wouldn't fret. I can't think of any NPCs with a 11+ in any stat.
I think I'd use a truncated version of this to track NPCs, with all the characters in one given organization that merit having notes/stats with their own tab, all on one sheet.
I'm a big fan of discussion on what makes powers 'fun'.
A lot of folks approach it from different angles, and it's nice to learn about the various facets and factors that make a power good, to help figure out how to make better ones.
Do you have any examples you'd point to for a cape you'd consider to have a fun power, Pink?
Rainbow Idol? She's a good example of a fun power.
I'm generally happy with almost any sort of flight, since it's inherently versatile, especially because he can perform stable hovers. I'm looking forward to having more interactions with capes.
Quickfix was... not a Tinker.
He wasn't a cape at all.
He was an asshole who pretended to be one to bulk out the roster.
He was just a fuckhead who thought it would be fun to do drugs, pretend to be a cape, and fuck people up with a really big wrench and shotgun.
The extent of his medical expertise was "give them heroin. It's a lot like morphine".
I think this conversation moved a little bit off course.
I'm waiting for Pink's San Raul session to resume.
So she can meet Prince Charming and realize that it's just Adonis wearing the Groucho glasses-mustache combo.
Telefrag?
It's too late, Mish. 'Dysfunctional teen' is your new niche.
I'm a big fan of powers that encourage good RP, but I think that in the end the onus is still more on the player than the power.
That said, Mishie's Norwalk power is a good example of what I have in mind when I say that.
I've actually been playing around with a new process for Tinkering, Pink. Bounced some ideas off of Teller.
Mm, that's one of the facets of Tinkering I don't particularly enjoy, as a GM.
Tinkers prepare. They're by and large more proactive than reactive.
It has the tendency to lead to sessions where a player either doesn't do anything worthwhile because they're busy Tinkering, or they don't have the time to Tinker because they're too busy getting into scraps, and given that the timescale most of our campaigns run on, it can be troublesome.
There is plenty, for the GM / person who makes the tables.
Not as much, for the player, outside of the mix-and-match and who-to-scan.
It's why I like ColdGold's Artful Dodger so much. He consistently pulls these tricks and tactics out of his hat on the fly, utilizing his power in creative, new ways.
1) It's the player being creative
2) They're doing it in the midst of combat, generally
I love Tinkers, but that's because I'm the sort of person that has a great deal of fun making tables.
But as a player, I'd much rather make my own table than shop from one that someone's made for me.
And I think that's the crux of the issue.
Do you want to try my process with the holo-bio Tinker at some point later today, Pink? It shouldn't take too much time.
Could you send me the trigger as a refresher? I'll just use Holo-Bio Catalyst as the starting point, and not look at the tables.
I sort of used this process with the Dog&Catcher one, starting out.
Pink, do you recall the discussion about Tinker design in #Gamedesign about a hypothetical Toby Stank?
Or did I speak with Bel?
o7
oh, I updated the Cleveland session logs yesterday. They are almost up-to-date
just one session that hasn't been put up yet I think
oh man, the quotes are the parts I have an added yet
haven't
I clean the logs but I still need to spellcheck and search them for the best quote
I will do that today after I get home from getting my license plate renewed and also my car tuned up
oh yeah, you'll love the Norwalk session that Faustus was in
"The one where Marcelle gets brazy."
his dog went fucking ham on this Blood
it's leading up to a 1v1 with Buttery Jensen
the final boss of Norwalk
I also like that etymologically speaking, brazy is just a disrespectful way to say crazy, but it's also a phonetic analog to brazen which honestly is very fitting
Scupper 'em, Nick!
ur a scupper
I like how every instance of Sigma in the logs is lowercase except for the last one which is capitalized
The faceless aren't real. Silence him!
Vortex isn't a self insert. She's a neat freak.
Vortex isn't a self insert. If she were, Saff would have just killed us all right now, for those insults.
I got T-boned by an Xterra coming out of my AP economics exam
I like the prompt I got for AP literature, because I was able to write about Les Miserables.
^
really cool that your school offers AP Japanese
I like this conversation and I think it's interesting, but I've also think we should move it to another channel
I'm working on one as well.
Sorry I'm taking forever.
Keep getting distracted by the Exalted rulebook
Yeah.
Do you ever procrastinate on a project by throwing yourself headfirst into something unrelated?
I was moreso thinking about me putting off my thesis work to run a lot of WD.
I'm not 100% happy with it either, sorry. I'm juggling a few things at the moment and I'm not really on the top of my game.
Drink more bathwater. Shower in more beer.
Pink, if you're around, I have a quick question.
Do you remember any exchange where someone berates a Thinker for implicitly trusting the computer hooked up to their brain?
I want to say it was between Lenticular and Spade, but I can't find it and I might be wrong.
Hey Ath, welcome back
Hey, Lardie.
I have a Tinker thing that might tickle your sensibilities.
Yeah.
It's the NES Powerglove, JL.
TIL Vern thinks hands are sex toys.
It's a T. Vision (Focal x Madsci) Tinker with a gauntlet-lens combination as their focus item, to clarify.
The suede self-lubricating palm has to be made from Firebear Leather. That's the quest.
Me.
That's child's play, Saff
I'll raise you twice that number
the shining finger is a freebie.
Backhand would be more tasteful, IMO.
Not Saff, surely.
He's got a scary face.
You should write a will so that a bunch of people have to engage in a battle of wits with the winner inheriting your stuff.
May as well have some fun with it!
Hiya Bow
Which session was that?
@ pink
i'm having some difficulty finding the session where lentic you were in spade have a conversation, pink.
wow, that was pretty terrible
lenticular and spade
Gah, I can't find the interaction between Lenticular and Spade anywhere
At least I know I'm not hallucinating it
Gotcha.
I must have read it back when I was on KiwiIRC. It's not in my IRCcloud logs either.
Maybe Pink might have them, or someone else who was in the channel at the time with the proper client.
Hmm. spelt, were you using IRCcloud at the time?
Non was in pretty much every #WD channel, so it's possible.
#WDGrantsville
I'd be looking for the key phrases "implicit", "computer", "brain", in rapid succession.
It was a good line, Pink. Really stuck in my head. Lenticular was one of my favorite PCs.
That's the one I'm looking for, thanks. Could I trouble you to pastebin that full session for me?
Apparently I just blanked out of #WDGrantsville from 1-16-16 to 2-09-16.
What happened then, I wonder?
Thanks very much. It's greatly appreciated.
Poor Everybody In Grantsville Especially Frederick.
'tis cool. Non found the logs for me.
I also really like how you handled Spade for that scene, Pink.
He told them mean things about their past until they all had heart attacks and died.
I really liked Dr. Frumkin's "where are powers drawing their mass/energy/information from?" line of questioning. 
You're looking for something to improve moderate bashes into critical? I don't think there's anything like that, IIRC.
Mpierce is a feast-and-famine sort of thing.
Gosh. That's pretty mighty already.
That is, indeed, a very strong power.
Yeah. I agree.
Longinus was working on that too, but he was punked by his power and his mutinous subordinate.
Yeah.
He wasn't asking the right questions, exactly.
Oh, boy!
Go! Go! Gorilla!
I believe so, yes. I wasn't happy with how that played out and retconned it.
I think I excised a portion of that session and rewrote another portion of it to my satisfaction.
I think I just made his web search yield unsatisfying results.
I try to be courteous and offer thin mints or samoas if I'm selling weed on the streets. It's convenient packaging and deflects suspicion, and provides something with which to allay the inevitable munchies.
Hope I'll have time to add quotes and headers to the cleaned logs sometime soon.
These past two weeks have been incredibly busy.
I'll be happy to take suggestions.
Look what I found.
Hi, Nick, if you're around, could you help me choose a good quote for session 18.5?
There are a lot of good choices and I'm having trouble deciding.
That's OK. There's no rush.
Let's put Megafire in Megafire's department.
Yeah. It's not super exciting, but it captures the essence of the session well.
I think that your department has the same troubles as any oth--
:(
I think that your department has the same troubles as any other, but it's exacerbated by the fact that you've taken on several new capes within a relatively short timefram.
More opportunities for friction, more paperwork to deal with all at once, more attention split over too many things, letting things in the background slip past.
Say, ColdGold, are you around?
!addquote 18:35 <Saff> when does freddy get the cwn annwn action figure? you press her tummy and she has a nervous breakdown
Now With 25 Unique Disapproving Facial Expressions!
Woo, Arc 18 quotes are up.
Except for 18.5
Not sure on that one yet.
"Thank you for giving me time to put some band-aids on my boo-boos," she replies as sarcastically as humanly possible, then immediately kills the call.
Perfect.
I forgot that too. I think he asked for tissue samples twice, once after the Absynthesis fight.
My bad.
Oh, phew.
Yeah. He will be there, for a time. Perhaps permanently.
I have plans for most players and their sessions. I don't need to run anyone in any specific order, I think.
I'd like for you to wrap up your psychiatric session with Teruzi, Thal, and we can move on to the meat of things, as well as your interactions with Freddy.
Yeah.
Gwyn may need to wait for a little bit for Mendez to come up with a plan for her.
Everyone else is, I believe, squared away.
Gah.
There are too many good quotes in the Lilith vs. Longinus session.
Should I go with...
"You and me? We're the worst of the bunch. I can't save the world. The world is probably fucking doomed. But... with us gone, Cleveland, your boyfriend, all that baloney you seem to care about... hey," he says, trailing off for a moment. "Maybe they'll last a little longer."
Or...
"Do the words 'dead man's switch' mean anything to you?" // "I was a cop, I was willing to put my life on the line for strangers. You threatened me and mine, what do you think happens now? Here's to you, Longinus! And all your best laid plans!"
I'll give it to the first, I think. SOMA died that session, he deserves the headliner quote.
And it's a solid line, besides.
His final monologue was well done.
Touched on stuff Pink was mentioning, w.r.t Lenticular.
He had grad school and couldn't play.
Coward.
The arcs go to 21, which is Blackjack, but they run from 0 - 21, which is The Fool to The World.
That's why I have the card suits and the tarot suits on the main page, in either corner.
I just never got around to it, until now.
Did you find a good quote for 18.5, Nick?
anticidary?
I don't get it.
Legendpation? What the fuck are you guys on?
Sure, what's up?
He could fix her smoke, yes. It would essentially cripple her power as a side effect.
OK, Arc 14 quotes are up.
(in Freeman's snooty and pretentious voice) "Is it you who are mad, Verdict, or perhaps, is the anger coming from your power, hm?"
!search parable
Good.
OK, quotes for Arc 13 are up.
Lol, Non's quote as Nach killed him was just too good.
Arc 12 quotes are up.
Bomp.
Arc 11 quotes up.
Fixed.
I already have that quote up.
Arc 10 quotes up.
Arc 9 quotes up. I'm done for today.
It was nice rereading the old sessions.
Lilith's stuff was lots of fun.
It was a good quote, 'pelt.
Now you're just taunting everyone, Thal. :P
Dangling those secrets in front of them.
Shame.
He didn't dangle that much. :p
She got a raise.
She hosted the Wards fundraiser too
And the Cwn Annwn hero press conference I think
I enjoyed skimming the logs today. Forgot how much I liked some of the sessions.
Don't put that evil on me.
My favorite PC sessions are... uh, in no particular order...
Schuyler Gets Mauled For Being Arrogant
Evie Makes Artisan Cry
Maniobra's Six Shots
Reimann's Acid Sarcophagus
Schuyler Fucking Explodes
Sina Drills Everything
Let me think
top 5 is too hard.
Thanks. Will fix tomorrow
I gave sort of a whirl with CG's but not 100% because his tinker is weird. I'd like to try it with you still sometimes. I need to do all of this stuff i'm procrastinating on though
Turpentine.
And death.
"[20:03:26] <Antioch> Lol, Non's quote as Nach killed him was just too good." What was that again?
Jesus you little rat die with some dignity or something like that.
Nachzehrer has the best shit talking dialogue.
"Jesus, you little rat. Die with some damn dignity."
If you had one shot.
One opportunity.
Hi Cleveland players. Arc 19 is starting. Please comment on this doc to get session times sorted out or chat with me about it.
Hey Vern
Could be better, could be worse
Yeah, I'm going to PM you with some stuff that's happened and ask you how you'd like to react to it, in the broad strokes of things
Yes, that's fine.
Haha, I thought you were just being secret and sneaky.
It's actually a lever.
A nice, weighty one that you have to give a solid yank.
'tis in the depths of Longinus' lair.
Just going off of percentages, the more people you ask, the more people are likely to say yes.
So they're less uncomfortable to buttchug.
Gotta Get That Gurt
What's Figaro up to?
A Strat interlude would be neat as well. I like Strat's dialogue as well.
Imagine getting foam in your mouth and tummy and then having it expand though
blurgh
Weighed against other nonlethal options, I think it's the one that's capable of stopping the average parahuman decently across the board
Tear gas or tasers or beanbag rounds don't do nearly as well
Did you ever read Zodiac's trigger?
Yeah.
Might've been, Saff.
Nice.
Man! Imagine if I'd have rolled a 100!
I don't know, I'm kind of disappointed that she didn't.
If she's going to take me so literally she may as well go whole hog.
Silver linings!
I'm actually very entertained by this turn of events.
It puts Cody down a road I didn't expect him to travel.
Ruh roh!
Handyman?
Secret Handshake?
Too bad DMH is gone and Zoup is closed.
Yeah. Dialing.
Implying you can't jerk it and fight crime simultaneously, Pink. SMH.
!search moneyshot
<Anti> On the subject of Gob Magic, needs an 'unwanted moneyshot' ranged option, damageless attack that blinds/marks target/penalizes morale (at line 316)
But Adonis sure does!
:|
Well, given the context, if you cut his junk off, does he just lose his powers?
So all we really need to do to counter a guy like that is for SCG to show him a disgusting video and Mishie to shank him in the taint.
Should I post after rolling, Pink?
I struggled long and hard with that decision.
OOC, I was more inclined to go along with whatever scavenger hunt Malfire had planned out.
But Cody's a hateful little fuck-gremlin, and when you take away the fuck, there's not much left outside of pure, unadulterated spite that's been building over the past several days.
Thanks for the session, Pink, and Dol, too
It'll probably be cause for great rejoicing, probably.
I keep repeating myself today.
OK, works for me.
I think, by definition, Dol, it was a ball-less move.
I don't know the method of removal, but broadly, yes.
For the first time in forever, Cleveland's 'session logs' page is up to date and completely tidied up.
Arc 19 session listings are tentative, to help me get an idea of what my itinerary is.
Satan had nothing to do with it, Foss.
Thanks for the heads up, Zene. I fixed it.
Teller's a good GM and a good person.
You should have put the air quotes around 'person' only.
To answer the original question, I think there are a lot of things that make a good GM, and I think that every GM and player has their own preferences.
I don't really think there's an element of sadomasochism involved except as a tertiary factor -- a GM is responsible for providing a narrative, and a narrative isn't fulfilling without adversity.
!search ruthless
Thanks, Pink.
My players have mostly done worse to each other than I have.
Ah, I misread it as self-inflicted harm.
Yet, she says.
Typical Saff.
That's certainly true.
OK, cabron.
I think Mega is talking about Nick in Norwalk?
Hrm, sure. We can reshuffle the scheduling a little bit, then.
Want to do a Mendez and Freddy session on Monday around an hour or two before this time?
Tuesday, then? I'd have to nudge the scheduled session for Saff back a little bit.
I wouldn't mind a little bit of wrap-up to the Lumina psychiatric evaluation, just so that it syncs up with the narrative better.
Armor for Zene
"I'll remember you, guy I'm about to kill"
> accidentally gets his name backwards
i'm laughing so hard
"You're not a doctor! When's jello?"
"Where's my teeth? Have you cured my pancakes?"
:(
Man, Index is great.
I love capes of that age.
Hops is another good one.
Freddy is a little older, IIRC.
Freddy's a little more mature, maybe
Freddy has big boy problems
That very same girl bullied her mom into submission.
hahaha oh man
Index's practice lying to his dad coming through
Holy shit, Index is the fucking best
Whoa Mr. Radford. Just because your daughters don't visit doesn't give you a free pass on misogyny.
You make a damn good point, Tell.
Hahaha wow you just glassed the shit out of Mr. Radford.
Index the hero.
I'm really happy about how Index's personality interplays with his power.
I'm waiting for Index to lose his bike, and by a series of convoluted events, have it appear in San Raul to replace Hops'.
Winter 09.
Two weeks ahead of Cleveland.
I have to wonder if it's a downgrade or upgrade.
!search bik
That's where all the bikes end up.
I don't know if BikeVendor100 lives in Fort Town.
He's just this nebulous entity
Purveyor of bikes
"The Fallen aren't real" – said in the voice of one of Valefor's victims
"The Faceless are totally real" - said in the voice of a crazy conspiracy theorist
Sanity isn't a prerequisite for employment.
Time to re-spec.
The people that are returned by the Faceless aren't the real ones. They're just clones.
Thal's playing a clone.
For queen stuff?
Yeah, let me head upstairs
I've been sitting outside because it's warm
Hey dad I was really busy at church repenting my many sins
"Come here son and I'll show you how sins are properly repented in this household" - Index's dad, brandishing a ruler, probably
No, the bombs exploding in your knees is what's killing you.
May in specific, but any one works.
Index is the realest
Kidnap Damian so that you can get a Certificate of Smiting from the local priest.
Blackcurrant ice cream is villainous.
I just realized that Rain of Despair's cape name acronymizes to ROD.
Nice.
There's nothing with wrong with ROD.
She fires rods.
It makes sense.
Also, rain - > forecast.
Presumably.
Then conjure them into existence!
Session 18.8 is completely cleaned and proofread.
Working my way backwards.
Ahh, Saff's logs are the best.
I don't have to proofread shit.
Norwalk has been fantastic.
Best new campaign of 2017.
Sorry, Faust, Vern. You guys are close in my heart.
I don't know of any happening in the near future, Cyn, but stick around.
We have them every so often.
Hey, Mega, you were asking about how the tarot cards corresponded to the arcs, right?
I wrote taglines for them to clarify.
Nah, just major arcana.
Cleveland has 22 arcs, from zero to 21.
It's both the number of Major Arcana, as well as the target number for the game of Blackjack.
@ Megafire -- I thought a good deal of the Major Arcana taglines were pretty solid.
'be ruthless', for the arc where AQ gets interrogated, made me smile.
All credit to Tell for that quote.
I'll admit that I don't recall your Liverpool cape, Fir.
By the way, the Cleveland logs are tidied up. I don't remember if you were on when I mentioned it like seventy billion times.
I also cleaned up all of the old logs.
Added quotes, session headers, dates.
I didn't see anything about your Liverpool power.
Oh, the Y-render.
I don't think there's a lot of similarities with Killhand.
Haha, again.
Know
Wormverse McDonalds teamed up with the PRT and Beanie Babies and  offered happy meals with collectible small bears dressed up in cape costumes.
I want to believe this is true.
My favorite Protectorate leader is probably Myrddin.
Damsel
How many martyrs will it take
before San Raul is whole again
That's not bad
 Pay for the Ethan Pesche Memorial
He lived and died a sashimi asshole
Buckler would have done it by now
Free Crucible Baptisms
Become One With Us!
you better be sssssssory
you better be saury.
*courssse
*thissss
repent and be spared
Yeah, twas me
Whoa, whoa, Mega
Are you bowing to my butt or me
On the day of my betrothal too!
How shameful
T God Hatred Lake
What else were they supposed to do to pass the time, back in the day?
Go to jail, Thal
Hey there, Tell
Huh, that seems to only be half of it.
I edited the old one rather than upload a new one entirely.
That might be the issue.
Try this one.
What'll you give me for my Ninja Info Cards?
"Nah, Brawl is OP. I'll give you one pip at best."
I agree.
* terminate her employment via execution
Who was looking for a campaign to read or spectate?
Pft.
Hadley's Memento Mori. You're getting taken for a ruse cruise.
Good morning, Dol.
Hey, Cogo
Not too much.
Hey, Saff.
I've made a reasonable amount of changes to the Norwalk document.
Yeah.
To both.
I'm updating the 'know where you live' doc.
Nah, Cogo. I'm Greg, but working for the school newspaper.
It'll be awful.
I'm going to make everyone upset by being near them.
Yeah, I saw that.
Fuck her. I'm exposing her as Memento Mori.
See you in jail, Bitch.
I don't think she is, JL
It was just a continuation of the joke I was making yesterday
And then I maul Schuyler!
The cycle perpetuates itself.
If Cwn just goes nuts and becomes a villain again we'll have to retcon Hadley's inspirational comment to May.
That feel when Cody has to chose between no dick, blue dick, or mechanical dick.
Sufficiently advanced donger is indistinguishable from magic
!addquote <Antioch|Coy> Sufficiently advanced donger is indistinguishable from magic
Very kind of you, Thal.
it's ordered fam
Nah.
We wanted to see if prolonged exposure to ammonia / urea would degrade the magnetic properties or weaken the composition.
I don't think it will, but it was interesting enough of a question (and without any journal publications to comment on the issue) that I figured, hey, might as well.
I actually still have urea tablets and prilled ammonium nitrate from a prior experiment, as well, so I can approach it with a semblance of scientific method.
Quantifying positive enthalpy change in var. endothermic reactions.
I don't think there'll be any significant scientific merit to whatever results I get, but it's one of those, "hey, I actually have the resources to physically conduct an experiment that answers this question, might as well" sort of opportunities.
The enthalpy experiment from way back when was me wondering, "hey, would it be cheaper to not have drinks chilled in a vending machine, and instead manufacture cans that, when you open them, trigger an endothermic reaction in a hermetic chamber in the center of the can to automatically chill the drink as it's required?"
The answer was a resounding no.
The secondary answer was "putting ammonium nitrate in a soft drink can is a terrible idea."
I already have a lot of Hall sensors in the lab.
You're now an operator and can register the channel.
If you plan on running many secret sessions, it may be worthwhile making a secret channel.
Have no fear, Verdict has Blockbuster Now
All your favorite shows, completely legal
Is Journey's Tale going to be a Blockbuster Now exclusive?
Petra watches for the chicken tender scenes specifically.
There's a good deal of things to do while you wait, fortunately.
How familiar are you with Weaver Dice?
Have you read any of the existing campaign archives?
Sounds like you've got things in hand, then. Just stick around and keep an ear to the ground for campaign openings.
We've just gone through a spat of recently created campaigns within the past month or so, so the community has a great deal of active games currently.
We're also a lot more active around earlier in the day. The majority of people here operate in NA time zones, so you've got here as most of the active members have wound down for the night.
I'm not usually on this late, myself.
And then there's cyn's new campaign that's coming up.
No active campaigns with a GM in UTC to the best of my knowledge.
Mm, Fort Town's GM is in the Netherlands, but it's not accepting applicants.
Berlin should return from hiatus within a few weeks, although I'm also uncertain about its availability for new entrants.
The time zone difference isn't really that much of a sticking point.
So long as your schedule is flexible and you're able to coordinate sessions in advance, it's just something of an inconvenience.
If you're familiar with the WD rules, I'd recommend running a game. GMs are always in demand here, and it gives you a reason to stick around and maintain an active presence in chat.
Because a lot of newcomers will come and go, applying for a campaign and then vanishing, most GMs tend to give priority to familiar faces.
I'm really liking the smaller-scale campaigns lately.
They've been great fun to read and watch.
I say, as I continue writing notes for Indianapolis. :|
Which campaign was that?
Wouldn't be one of ours, I suspect.
You should take a look at our campaign archives to get an idea of what's representative of the games run here.
It varies from campaign to campaign, but most campaigns have their own channel.
You can go to the channel which will be #WD[cityname] and most games should have a link in the topic that will take you to the hub page of the campaign.
Should provide cast, synopsis, session logs, et cetera.
Each campaign is covers a pretty wide variety of things, but they're all relatively unique.
Depending on what you're going for, you may want to skim the synopses to see which one you'd most enjoy reading first.
Yeah, cyn, let me link you. It's a month or so out of date, so no Norwalk / Local, IIRC.
Here you go.
My recommendations for first reads would be Sicol Bend, Lausanne, and San Raul.
Sicol Bend is very well-written, has all the dice rolls annotated, and has a diverse cast of characters and a compelling overarching narrative.
Waiting on Turncoat, IIRC.
Lausanne is written by the author of Worm, and has the quality and lore that you'd expect.
San Raul is right at the cusp of something very exciting happening, and if you get caught, I think it'll be very fulfilling to watch those events unfold in real time.
Those are my top 3 recommendations.
Yeah, I think it is, Mish.
Like I said, the campaign doc is a little out of date.
If you think it needs to be updated, it's commentable.
I'm intending on running Dolyn today, sorry.
I'm in a very Cleveland-y mood.
I'm glad you like it, Lys.
I cleaned up the logs a good bit lately, if you hadn't seen. Everything's tidied up, up to Arc 18.
Hooray!
I feel bad recommending Cleveland to newcomers, though. It's too darn long.
I'm happy that I did too. It wasn't a direction that I expected that session to go.
Yeah, Turco. It's doable.
A false back and a hollow stem.
The issue there is that it'll fuck pretty significantly with the acoustics.
So if someone carries the guitar they'll notice the additional weight, and if someone plays it, it'll sound pretty fucked up.
An electric would do.
Would be considerably bulkier than the usual, regardless, but it wouldn't be as conspicuous.
Being able to operate the shotgun from within the false case would be another ordeal entirely.
Depending on how long Mega's Norwalk session is, I wouldn't mind running a Mendez session with a brief-ish appearance with Ratboy.
A good violin is half a kilogram at best.
Oh, fair enough.
I'm feeling sharp enough to double-session, so I'm trying to figure out what I might be able to do.
e.g. Steel Jaguarundi erupting from one of her minion's sphincters, Thal?
Glad to hear Fort Town is chuggin' for'ards. Looking forwards to my next session.
I assume that's what you were PMing me about, Turc?
I need to go three for three for losing to Trumps on my next session.
If you need a hand with Tinker items, Turc, I can help, no problem. It's not something that eats up too much of my computational power.
I've surreptitiously retconned a thing or two in my campaign as well.
You'll never know, Saff. :^)
Great, I'll need to lose to them as well.
Complete the trifecta.
OK, I'm getting some coffee and heading into the lab.
Will start GMing in 30 mins or so.
I imagine it's a thing but less popular. Just a guess though.
Yep!
Tough to do it yourself, but still doable.
Yup! You can even have the speakers inside the guitar if you're savvy enough.
We should work out a time for a session, Bel.
There are duplicates in the deck.
I'll paste you the logs.
I'm excited to see more of Prince Charming.
This was very unplanned. o_o;;
Somehow, negotiations devolved into Strip Poker.
I'll tap my Mox Myrddin for portal mana.
Cantus is a bundle of mysteries.
Granted, not as important of a bundle as all of the other shit that's happening.
No, I believe that was the cape that stole her car.
Saff is a great GM.
Norwalk is fun to read!
^
Yeah, basically what Dol said.
Everyone has fun.
tellergram.github.io/log_formatter.html
Quickdraw.
Oh no, what happened to Jill
You should look at our trigger event archive.
The later entries are generally pretty well done.
Yeah. Thanks van.
Identical twins, it must be said.
There's not inherently a physical component to that, IMO.
Is it...?
Miss Blitz and Artful Dodger are cool movers.
Same, Non. Same.
Interstice is an interesting one, but I'd peg her as a Striker primary.
Taking a look at the Detail Generator may go a ways in helping, Spellspin.
Maybe because they're drawing from life experiences.
The only Madlibs worth rolling is the Pact Goblin Name Generator.
Dicksack is a very salt-of-the-earth goblin name. It's like John Smith.
What about the mayor, tubes?
If killing him and taking his heart causes sufficient conflict, then I bet they do!
"Show me your boobs, Jill."
That wasn't a cliffhanger.
That was a cremation.
Original-gangster-ing.
Look at what happens to people who are nice to Cwn.
SMH.
Oh jeez, I hadn't thought about that.
Cwn is going to feel really bad.
Worse than the usual, I mean.
I had no part in this!
This was all a natural, organic occurrence of events!
Blue Bomber comes back for a one-time guest appearance at Khandhas's funeral.
Hey, ColdGold|GM, is it Power Threadz or Threads?
Norwalk and San Raul are great. If you get caught up now, you can watch them unfold in real time, and they're both at a point where some characters are tackling some really cool mysteries.
Sicol is also fantastic.
The dying have the least to lose.
It's minimally villainous.
Thanks, Cogo.
I think on both counts you prevail, Tell, when you factor in Grantsville and Sicol together.
We don't run a good deal of Endbringer fights here.
They're just tough to do, logistically.
I don't know that I'd count Lausanne, but Behemoth-Istanbul and Yuha-Aurales come to mind.
Yuha's an Altbringer, though.
Detroit existed long before Cleveland started.
I think I updated it three or four days ago, yeah.
Did I fuck something up?
Oh, that's cool. I'd be jazzed to read that log when it gets declassified.
The start/end sessions are blank which means they count the whole campaign, IIRC.
You can fill in session numbers there as bookends
If you want to track the statistics for a certain sliver
Slither's verbose boohooing managed to get there in the end.
There's a great deal of variance in campaign lengths.
Are you asking more about their in-game chronological timescale, or how long they've lasted in terms of real time, or in terms of sessions?
Yeah. I don't think I'd do an EB hitting the campaign city.
There would be entirely too much chaos.
The equivalent of me as a GM flipping the table.
"Start to finish," says B'moth.
I have bad news for you, Mr. Endbringer.
Cleveland has been running since May 2015 and I'm trying to get it wrapped up by the end of this summer.
It has 140~ish sessions logged from then til now, most of them are one-on-one.
Yeah, IRL / multiplayer games are different beasts.
I like running one-on-one sessions now. It's grown on me.
Yeah, that's about right.
The timescale skews as crisis points emerge -- right now one arc is roughly one day, just because of how chaotic things are.
Good session pacing takes a great deal of practice. I don't have the knack of it yet, truly.
Sheer volume? :P
Yes.
It would make Sicol Bend progress very quickly!
I haven't been able to write food lately.
Opportunities on that front have really diminished now that Pizzicato is gone.
Oh, I didn't know apoc was a fellow food pornographer.
Good job, my guy.
I'm really liking Jill's dialogue in San Raul, Pink.
It really helps me get the character.
My ex-husband, ideally.
People cry before dying, statistically speaking.
He'll be crying! Whatever!
The fact that she takes the time to touch on certain phrases, mold her dialogue in response to Prince Charming, and especially the commentary and detail paid to the way her voice inflects and what tone she's trying to convey.
This conversation, as a whole, feels like a very good back-and-forth that reveals a great deal about both characters.
How they view the world, how they view each others, their motivations and their intents, et cetera.
*each other
tl;dr gj.
See you later, Saff.
One Hot Secret To Get The Most Sessions In Sicol Bend:
GET A FUCKING BOMB IN YOURSELF.
You're welcome, tubes.
Those bombs were a gift from me to you.
Nah, we're talking about Nathaniel Schuyler, a deceased character in Teller's Sicol Bend campaign.
He was an unpowered manager of a team of corporate capes.
I shan't say more, in case you read it.
If you like watching a teenage girl with robotic legs cry all the time, it's nothing but laughs all the way down.
Oh, wow, yeah. I forgot that Slither was a med student.
I just completely blanked on that fact for some reason.
I thought wolfmen had nards.
Now you've got me in the mood for Across the Universe.
Wouldn't that be more entropy, rather than less? Not the best topic for this channel, regardless.
Yep.
^
Friendship ended with CHROME KENDRICK. PRINCE CHARMING is my new best friend.
One has! Diamonds in his pockets!
(That's what I said, now)
You're on point with the song links today.
I'm going to blast that while driving home from the lab and nobody can stop me.
Hot damn, that was a good San Raul session.
Definitely looking forward to that continuation.
Maybe Evie can become friends with Prince Charming. I bet he doesn't care that she's ugly on the inside.
He might care that she turns into an awful car-sized bug though.
The one that's an emotionally manipulative b-hole.
Night
Lol. She didn't have time to hear his offer.
On my phone atm.
I always promised to use my time powers for good and not evil, but the opportunity was too good to pass up.
Steeeeeeve.
Mishie is me from the future.
Older, jaded, more brain damaged.
hey Lexi
Not too bad. Awfully tired
Yup! I'm onto the knee, at the moment, working on an orthotic brace for the other leg to serve as a controller for the prosthetic knee, as well as a means of collecting a wide pool of data for knee flexure patterns
It's sleepy work. The programming of it isn't my strong suit
Thanks!
I feel like maybe I'm supposed to GM someone today?
Want to do some Cleveland things in roughly 2 hours from now, Mega?
Oh, right
I must've asked before
Feels familiar
Poor Cwn.
She's going to feel so guilty.
Longinus shot himself in the head, what more can you ask?
Figaro is not my enemy.
Figaro is my friend.
He is a good and sensible villain with an excellent taste in music.
Very fitting that Lumina's arc corresponds with the Sun major arcana.
Who's next on Norwalk, Saff?
Yesss
Lexi and Index are my Norwalk faves.
Kidnap two cats? Kidnap the mayor?
Throw paint balloons at Fire Bear?!
Backsass her parents?!!!?
Horrid!
For shame.
Actually, that specific topic is banned here
jk.
Do not return us to those times.
Seeya.
Woohoo!!
Boohoo!!
Otters?!
You're horrible.
Absolutely the worst.
Hey guys. Quick question. What do you think is a good used trigger?
Just looking for one or two examples here.
Penguins?!
Are you going to kidnap these innocent creatures from their safe, climate-controlled environments!
That's not villainous, that's just mean :(
No, that was Mishie's Norwalk one
Hopefully it'll nudge them in the direction of being better at powergenning
Sels do not know despair
I'm going to start commissioning art pieces for that Worm Tarot Deck thing I was working on a year or so back.
I'd argue that the mechanical conceit of any given power takes a very far back seat to the narrative potential it promotes.
e.g. Mish's Angel changer has a great deal of effects and connotations that make his story very compelling, and directly tie into his backstory and trigger event, as an example
I think the two are a good deal closer than you think, Lardy
A WD game is a collaborative form of storytelling, first and foremost
I'm generally tempted to tell a good story.
Munchkinry tends to be counterproductive, on that front.
Seals: Less Adorable Than Prior Imagined
There might not be negotiation, Fir, but I think the tradeoff there is that -because- there's no negotiation a great deal of fanfiction tends to be pretty wanky.
That's a fact, but I don't really know what argument you're trying to make with it
I mean, I grasp the gist of it, but I think I disagree with the argument as a whole
I dunno. I think I'd have a lot of fun GMing Verdict.
I can think of like, 500 different sins, right now.
Just pull one out of the hat
"Yeah, Squaddie Norton got cut off in traffic yesterday, followed the car, and then keyed it out of spite"
Hopefully not another hockey mascot.
Local Otternapping - Faceless The Culprit??
What are you going to name those otters, Firlz?
Er, Dolyn
Wow, I'm sleepy
Aw, I can't believe you made her mortal
That was the only thing good about that power
suffering potential
I'd do something like a conditional Thinker with a splash of Breaker. Definitely want to touch on the tertiary physical harm of malnourishment as well as the altered mental state.
I can dig up and retool Lapse's Tinker table and work from there, if that's the route you want to go down.
She's pretty fucking busted, though.
I'm feeling something more Thinker-y, but the flavor leads me down the more rigorous, potentially inaccurate medium-range precog road, and that'd be obnoxious to GM.
Oh, that's fucking nice
I'll take a crack at it
"Hi, I'm H-Bomb, your friendly local Tinker!  I am an S-class threat, and should be put away immediately."
Power 2 is like eating a very unripe persimmon.
It just gives me that sort of feeling.
Unpleasant in a very specific way that's hard to describe.
I'm glad you get where I'm coming from, at least.
I don't like the fact that the Ranger Tinker's bimodal specialty item is... a suit that turns into a different suit.
Bird minion -> hoverboard, mecha gauntlets -> hovering artillery platform, that's what comes to mind when I think Ranger tinker
^
I could see 3 being pretty solid with some tweaking.
Bullet-time implants, acceleration breaker state, beaver transmutation
Damn you, Pink
Yeah. 'tis a pretty broad concept space.
Just snort up that bullet-dust to think faster.
Ah, that's fair.
I think 4 is one of those "how does Turco feel about this one" powers.
I could do it, but I'd moan and groan about it probably.
Yeah, pretty much. 
Yeah, I'd be comfier with it being narrowed down.
It just feels like one of those powers that lends itself to the GM having to write a great deal more stuff within a shorter timeframe
So if it's limited to a more reasonable quantity of data output, it's not as troublesome
Maniobra sort of does that thing, but his power was never nailed down mechanically and I think Teruzi is improvising on it (quite well, in any case).
I could see a precog mechanic where the Thinker has a pool of unrolled dice and can spend them here and there to bump 1d6 to 2h6 or further
But not for this trigger, and that one's kind of bland standalone
"I'm a very important businessman, you know."
Mega's ex-wife in Norwalk is Irene already.
Looks solid.
Efficiency+ and Efficient Operator.
You could make a sentient broom with a bundle of twigs and some copper wire.
Very fitting.
Yeah, but you can't even reprogram the car on the fly  ; - ;
thousands trigger.
This is peanuts, hon
Yeah. She's the one that picks up the football every time.
Oh?
My son will chew on the effigy of a man whose hopes and dreams I have shattered.
Truly, there is no sweeter victory.
I hope David's still teething. Is David still teething?
- said in the voice of an absentee mom who only thinks her kid is great because she was barely there for his 1-year-old stage
Hey, I think I convinced him to stop being a terrible NEET.
I'm probably the most heroic person in San Raul right now.
Yes! My son loves cape on cape violence
As a mother, I am so proud
Hotness! Is! Justice!
netflix and kirll
krill
kill?
A Close Encounter of the Toasty Kind
A very sensible thing to do.
Man.
I don't think I have any genuinely good characters.
Part of my character creation process involves giving them a handful of my own flaws and exaggerating them, which I guess isn't very conducive to making a good person.
I got a soft pretzel IRL.
The hunger was too real.
She did.
Mmmlrrlllgllgh. That pretzel was so good.
The pretzel? No. It's in my tummy now.
I do appreciate that Evie has used her bitchiness and penchant for manipulating people more than her power so far.
Go back to your pastry nipple room. Begone.
She turns into a mix and match bug monster.
I... I want a second soft pretzel.
Evie's too unaware of pop culture, sadly.
At least it ain't spacekelp
The kids these days can't afford razors
No shit, Sherlock
Bots aren't people?!
Haha. Nice. I can kill Thalia with no legal consequences.
We'll murder each other and it'll be super hot and also a metaphor for something.
Heck if I know what though.
Not really feelin' it, my dude
Tru(e) Blood not dying was more a coincidence in his favor than anything. :P
The weaverdice channel is on a roll today.
No, no, foss did this little fillable form thingy in #gamedesign
That's just the milestone doc
Look at my good son. already he learns the virtues of avarice and violence, instilled in him by the north american cape culture
What a splendid boy
Heh.
I'm having way too much fun playing Evie.
Poor Rain of Despair.
Failed by the Norwalk public school sex ed program.
My son's name keeps changing!
Kyle is the shitty baby!
David is the good baby!
*table.
Ah, BikeVendor100
The best Foss
"Same diff, my guy. Same diff."
No. I won't.
It's tough love.
I'm waiting for Cowl to find Alex Rinaldi and become Alex Buddies.
I'm also a little curious as to if he picked out a cape name for himself.
I'm String Theory's biggest fangirl, Thalia.
Get fucked.
damn, cogo
imagine if Evie had Index's deception specialty
Oh, thank goodness
Nonagon missed me talking mad shit about Lily's terrible son
My first cell phone lasted me from 10th grade to my senior year of college.
I don't think I could deal with not having a smartphone anymore, now.
Been gurpin since i was nine
I caught the gurp and it's chronic
Brawn for the grabber. Dex to avoid grabbing, Brawn to break grab.
I do not spelt!
Why, the very accusation
Yeah I'd use Strongarm for that one
"[19:11:31] <Antioch|Evie> Kyle is the shitty baby!" Wrong. "[19:11:34] <Antioch|Evie> David is the good baby!" Even more wrong somehow.
Maybe she has a variable scale of shittiness?
Cassette! Impersonating a government vehicle!
Why, how- how could you!
I never knew chewing your food twenty four times was a precept of an upright life.
Sluuuuuurp!
Thanks for running.
I feel more evil now.
!
What other quotes was it competing with?
8:48 PM <Antioch|Evie> What a stupid name. There's nothing heroic about mice, or protecting them.
Heh.
Do not strip in front of Cassette.
Rude.
Oh nice! A Miami cameo session
You can never run out of drugs in Miami.
I'm liking Branch's dialogue and mental process on that last line, Firlz|Branch. Nice work.
hey tubes
I miss Albert Gator
He should go to Tallahassee to fuck people up
I repurposed the elephantine Case 53 with the acid snot from Saff's New Haven campaign to Tuscaloosa's real life Big Al mascot
Roll tide.
Gahahaha
Nice going, Tuzi. Ya dummy.
That's not even my username anymore, Bel!
How do you fuck up so bad! Smh.
Shame.
Darn it, Teller.
You've got me playing the Annie soundtrack now.
Bird Bitch!
I prefer the nonbinary term "fuckler," please and thanks.
Hmm. A good insult to throw at Buckler.
If he were alive, haw haw.
Sometimes it's better to say nothing at all than to say something very lame.
holla
Hey, van, Mega, dol
It's finna be Cleveland
A colloquial truncation of "fixing to"
It's a declaration of intent, but the use of 'fixing' as apposed to 'going' or 'about' implies that the speaker is undertaking some sort of active action, although when you consider these things in the colloquial sense the lines are very blurred, and they're largely interchangeable.
For example, "finna have me some lunch" carries the implication that you might well be making that lunch yourself, whereas "bouta have me some lunch" doesn't have that same implication.
Yeah.
F-future?
:O
Is the pound particularly stable at present?
Soonish.
I should be up for it.
Just a regular katana, sir.
doggo when
Catgirls > dogs tho
Says the boy with rats
Starfish
Ready, Freddy?
Blaster that throws Starfish
Mega, are you ready?
I'll run you two separately, except for when the two of you collide
Mid 2012, I was thinking.
[ <Antioch|GM> There's been barely any opportunity for Director Mendez to catch so - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
Scattered Showers of Being Sort Of In A Funk?
These days I imagine Mendez with a permanent upraised eyebrow and a pinched nose
Marcelle, murdering a civilian, "I'M DOING THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER, WHO I LOVE, AND THAT'S OKAY"
I'm a one trick pony, and that trick is Tinkers faking suicide, I admit.
Watch out for Sigma!
'imprisons a guy in armor to pilot his body as a decoy, letting the victim slowly choke to death over four minutes as his diaphragm is paralyzed due to nerve damage'
Not that scary.
!search stabbed in the butt
It's Sahara.
Yeah, my bad.
Yeah.
Better watch out, Camtist.
Sheer Heart Attack has no weaknesses.
Non was really on the ball for that one. I think I got a PM about it a day or two after the session, if not less.
Longinus thought about kidnapping Cwn back in the day
shenans
Yeah, SOMA said, and I quote, "yeah, I'd like to narwhal someone with my portals"
Didn't pan out the way he wanted it do, though he did scan one of the rifts you left behind when you robbed and burned down that grocery store.
*to
Oh lmao.
Wow, onitan was still around back then
Crazy.
Very nice work. I'm glad you picked up on that.
You know, Saff, I could use a shirt that says "Don't forget to claim and increment," tbh.
Weaverdice / Worm merch when
It would be pretty cool to have a Worm merch store one day, honestly.
The PRT sticker that I made for my car wasn't very tough to make at all.
Yeah, sure.
Worm merch that ties into WD would be cool, though.
Like a worm themed tarot deck we could use for luck rolls.
I've been mulling over the tarot stuff for a good while now.
There's actually a surprisingly complicated bit to it where you'd need to not only buy the commission but the reproduction rights or whatever
Also would have to ask Bow, obv, because the characters are his
But did you see the notes I had on the worm tarot deck a while back, Nick?
Here you go, Nick
Single-minion Master with intelligent, decaying minions. Could go the route of Controller biotinker, perhaps
*minion
I'm happy with most of the art direction I wrote for the Undersiders but a lot of the others need some work as far as how I want them to look
I think I have a list with the minor arcana on it that's woefully incomplete
I wouldn't be capable of commissioning that much art anyways.
I'm also poking around for the right artist for any given character, I think.
The Regent portrait that kingdaume did on the subreddit was really good.
I want to get in touch with her about doing The Devil. Wondering about the two chained figured in the traditional Devil card
Debating Shatterbird, Sophia, maybe both, but inclined to go for just Sophia atm.
But there's apparently a good deal of complexity with respect to reproduction rights and permissions and such, so I need to do some reading.
The Moon and Devil are my favorites atm. Of the artists I know I'd probably go for Sandara, for the Moon
Time based means for less bookkeeping, I think.
*makes
Forcefield and "slow time" bubbles would be fun. Skele-hands from the ground might be too much.
Hey, Saff
I just threw this together, thanks for the idea. It was fun.
What happens if you stick your arm in a bubble, but just your arm?
squnch
"Oh, sorry," Marcelle says, uninstalling the 'misogynist' module from his dog's collar.
Did you see the tarot stuff I put up, Saff?
No, I made a Cleveland version
Just now
Because you asked
You ding-dong
lol, what a way to say it, mendez
Planning on dying? Bold strategy
;)
I felt like Caitiff and Cwn were two good moon candidates
Two great tastes that taste great together
I can't help but feel like you're having a good deal too much fun here, Nick. :P
I feel like the recent spat of issues you've had with your capes means you should raise your bar for cape hires, not lower it, Mega. :P
She didn't, Thal -- she just had a versatile enough piece of tech that let her spoof a couple.
She isn't more OP than, say, any Tinker with a year or two of Tinkering under their belts and no incentive to hold back.
LOL.
Let me know what you want to Tinker upon, Thal. You have a really nice workspace and stuff to work with, which is more or less counterbalanced by the paperwork you'll need to fill.
You can make whatever, technically speaking
It's just you'll need to get them approved if you want to use them in the field.
Mech Pilot Rat: "I love to drive my legs car. Beep beep."
You're not leveled up to make shounen rats.
*enough
Yeah. I was uncertain whether to put her as Stars or Sun.
But Cantus is a better Stars.
She's clean now!
The withdrawal is an issue, though. As is the PTSD.
Aren't we all, in a manner of speaking?
TGK knows he's at the Protectorate and would make it a point to ensure he knows.
I really hope SOMA comes back sometime.
I think he'd be happy with what he set in motion.
Huh? Nah, Longinus was PC until his death.
Yeah. You can see his secret sessions (or at least where they fall in the chronology) on the session logs.
Un-secreting the sessions would give away a great deal of the game, unfortunately.
Yup, Nick.
Being a villain is more fun, by definition.
Starting as a rogue and getting press-ganged sounds like a fun story start, especially for a Tinker.
Rogues get targeted as a matter of course, I feel
Sure, you're not actively making your life interesting, which is kind of a problem, narratively speaking
But a good deal of folks are intent on making it interesting for you
Good luck finding a GM for that :p
I've only seen Cheery and Fireback in action, Maz, but the spectrum of characters you portray is impressive. You've given both of those two a great deal of characterization, and I really like how expressive both of them are, in very different ways.
Gahaha, only you, Firlz
Watch out for the Session 5 mini boss where Watchdog audits you
You just want to fuck around in a setting where barely any legal precedents have been set, don't you, Fir? :P
I think that would be a good deal of fun, although it needs the trappings of an actual cape scene surrounding it, imo
I have a small seizure every time I try to read that.
'wiww'
"Just... uh... fucking, uh... call him "Rat Protector." Fuck it."
Smooth Jazz Rat
Ratsch
Hey, Mega, you can fire Findlay and replace him with Ratley now
It's cheap and painless
Rat Findlay, sitting at his desk and moving papers around inanely. "Don't look. I'm doing something very important and it's a secret."
Rattletail is a good name, although I think that one was discussed
Pipsqueak is good too.
I think the PRT's PR folks would get their grubby mitts into Wraith and Scheherazade
"Too spooky!"
"Too hard to spell!"
Chillax
Love Phantom
Yep! I should probably get something to eat too. Getting a smidge of a headache.
I'll be here. Might be slow because I'm eating but I'll be here.
If you're using it a lot, makes sense! Practice makes perfect
In a few. Eating din dins.
Hey, Fartz
:D
12 is the number after 11.
12 is one-twelfth of a gross.
It's not a magic skillet. It's just a regular skillet.
But, that said, a well-used cast iron skillet has a magic all of its own.
walloped
It's rats all the way down.
Oh, caliente!
You weel loose to me, Rat Ricky Boobi.
I wish that one of the cotton candy twins rolled ugly implications
So that their cotton candy was just asbestos fluff
Mmm.
num num num
Woo
Thanks for playing, Nick
There will be more Ratboy this arc
Funeral, Branding, and one other thing
the hunt for piss october
Uhh, tomorrow works
later
@ Vern
Reclaiming dead triggers
Yes
Pastebin me
@ Mishie: I wonder if you'll like or dislike the draft process I have for Indianapolis
Yeah. The good ones that you want to see come back to life again
Lol
10-20 should be enougu
h
The power was mechanically fun but not fantastic for the trigger, IMO
There's not really any necessity to pick a cape name that's derivative of the power.
Most of the best ones don't, really.
Heya, panth
Some folks did good on it
foxtail was solid, frexample
The trick to having a good cape name, Spellspin, is that it tells as much about the character as it does the power, if not more.
You can do better.
No, no, panth
Power is a secondary consideration
Tfw Kaiser didn't call himself Iron Curtain
;-;
True.
Imagine communist Kaiser, tho.
^
The CUI uses traditional Chinese, panth!
不好。 太複雜。
Hey @HADHAYOSHmob. You shouldn't use KiwiIRC on your mobile device.
It constantly connects and disconnects and clutters up the chat logs.
I recommend a dedicated phone app.
Weighing in here:
I wouldn't have fun GMing it or playing it.
Ditto what Non and Faust said.
There are better options and better ways to convey flavor.
You're drifting off on a tangent, Jack.
Uhh.
And now you know, and you can move on.
I don't think that was particularly bad.
Well, did you pick skills based on your power?
Seems unwise.
I agree, Non.
But asking the GM doesn't hurt.
Well, uh
You'd think you might have touched on the twister strength
In one of those fifty million questions
Anyways, this is a pretty anecdotal argument
Ceteris paribus, a power that begins with numerical mechanics as the focal point rather than an afterthought is generally going to be pretty crappy.
Sorc. Apprentice Tinker was a great starting point.
Super hyped to see it in action.
Pastebin, friend.
Surprise surprise, a secondary aspect of your power was secondary
I think this power is pretty straightforward, IMO.
armor regen is pretty OP.
Aaaaanyways
Like I said
This is anecdotal
It's -one power-
And it's a pretty weak foundation to base your argument on
Tl;dr:
Don't start with mechanics when you make a power
"The genners implied"
holy shit
I'm outta here
God, this conversation is immensely frustrating
I'm not sure you're going to see the point, so I'd really just like to drop this whole shitshow
Fantastic.
Enjoy.
11:32 <Antioch> I'm not sure you're going to see the point, so I'd really just like to drop this whole shitshow
I'm a precog, apparently
2 ish
just drop it, ell
i'm not trying anymore
my god, i tried
i'm quite done with this line of conversation
fair assessment. i feel like i've lost my faith today
I'm still writing custom triggers, Pink, sorry
Not Armordick, van?
Oh hey dingdron
How's Other Detroit going?
Yeah. It's a matter of consideration for both the GM and the player
Formal, PC triggers should be done in here, with a wider audience, generally speaking
Unless they're part of a nontraditional generation process.
Huh. I think that was more a facet of the fact that there were 3 or 4 games ongoing, Hadhayosh.
In which case it's just better to wait when there are more people around to help
AQ is pretty conscientious about her teeth, regardless of her drug use
She's too vain
Her hair is super flimsy and her nail beds are cracked, but that'd be the worst of it, I suspect
Heh, all cool
O_O
Lord have mercy
Did the van second trigger?
Good.
D:
I hear they stole Adonis and all the gangs are named after Saints Row gangs
Nsfw warning, Saff
>:(
ahahahahaha
None off the top of my head, Spell
Diego Brando would never eat someone like Adonis
you take that back
pls no bully
Makes me curious about how they discovered Adonis, haha
Should've taken Three Snake
Ohh, gotcha
That makes sense
This Cody gets what's coming to him though.
I'd like to counterpropose — Shrek and Donkey
I think even if I were alive I couldn't do that.
Broadcast is the most powerful man in town.
It would be foolish to challenge him in his domain.
Also, I am uncertain if Shrek exists in Bet.
We haven't heard much from Broadcast lately. I hope he reappears soon.
Non raises a good point.
Fifty Shades was originally derived from a Twilight fan-- yeah.
And now it's a franchise that earns a great deal of money, AFAIK.
It's a pretty interesting question, to be sure, Firlz.
I'm only just now mucking about with copyright and reproduction rights and whatnot for commissioned fan artwork.
What was the last bit you saw?
Sirocco wouldn't have said anything mean to Freddy.
He has the stench of victory coming off him.
Don't be too harsh on him. Everyone he knows is a jerk.
It's only natural.
I think Mega would shed a tear of gratitude if he saw Lumina's Tinker table. Speaking of which, Thal, you should tell me your order of build priority.
If you're using #gamedesign, make sure you have enough people helping.
The deer I met in Nara make sort of barking sounds to beg for food.
Fuck me for putting myself in a situation where I have to try and make up Master-Stranger protocols off the cuff, am I right
Generally, we make the character after we roll the trigger.
To avoid situations like that, y'see.
Not much harm in starting over, eh?
Recycling an old character from a different trigger for a new one is probably clunky in any scenario, honestly.
Watch out for the Rat Tinker
"Hello. Are you a cape? Please join the Protectorate. The more the better. Coffee."
'if ur mom is gay how r u here'
I don't know the scene you're talking about, but telekinesis is usually blaster category
 that's a fair point, it's pretty broadly applicable.
I am thinking of it more narrowly as the throwing things with your mind sort of thing
I just have his birthday in my character notes like I have every character's birthday, Mega.
It's not like he's retiring two days from now.
Presently, the most popular Wink meme on PHO is an edit using a different base image of Wink facing away from the camera, with the caption, "goodbye...... enemie"
your face is tremendously broken
Hrm, wasn't Tuzi supposed to swing by today?
And then they get paid!
\o/
Are you familiar with the /GHOST command, Lys?
" /ns ghost [nickname] [password "
Thanks.
Lemme grab you the Biscuit_Tan avatar.
Np.
Dolyn, how do you feel about Inevitable Exhaust?
Pollution is justice!
!addquote <Pink> wait, someone stole adonis? that's like breaking into a mansion and stealing the doormat.
You know, tubes, it's remarkably impressive how Biscuit_Tan sounds coherent yet completely insane.
Local Investigator Flattened By Birdcage Convoy
None Mourn
I'm honestly really proud of the Wink Memes. They are important to me.
Lifetime sentence to the Birdcage.
^
Man. You know how there are like, those wizards that make dragons out of smoke or do crazy illusions and shit in fantasy media?
There should be a shit-tier Myrddin copycat
Who turns his vape fog into fantastical creatures
The different flavors have different effects!!
It's perfect
Despite there being no action in that session, I had a great deal of fun.
gn errbody
Oh, rare to see you on a mobile device, Tell.
Morning, all.
"Son, I am proud of you and also I make lots of money." pat pat
For the record, Mega, there was a chance of things going pretty awfully.
Oh, enjoy. Safe travels.
Hey, panth. Nice to see you around more frequently, it seems.
Yeah, I was getting the same general feel, Bel.
Hey, Saff -- quick question. Will my upcoming Norwalk session take place on Sunday, or Monday, in-game?
"Mon dieu, Cwn Annwn is trying to make friends with me. Better get out while I can."
sets self on fire
In her shoes, I'd do the same.
I'm interested to see what you have in mind for me on a Sunday, Saff.
Bear in mind that Jack pulled an all-nighter playing some stupid video game or another, watched the morning news, posted on PHO, and then fell asleep until, like, 4 in the afternoon.
Seeing how leisurely his home life is would surely cause Index to second trigger.
Absolutely not.
To quote Evie, my San Raul character, "crying girls aren't hot."
Incidentally - Megafire - don't know how this slipped my attention, but I just added the session where Mendez meets Sirocco onto Arc 18.
Wildbow coming in with the real facts
That's really interesting. Must not be a switch that's flipped in my brain.
That's a real fucking turn of phrase, my dude
Don't make me lose it in class
We should schedule a session for Fids and Mendez sometime soon. I'm guessing it'll have to wait until the weekend such that Thal and Mega's schedules align a little bit better?
Got it.
Yeah, Mega's almost never on when you get off work. If he is, he's up far too late.
Great. Depending on how hard I have to push myself to get into young Mr. Voigt's headspace, Saturday may do. Otherwise, Sunday will work.
Okay, sure. I'm really interested to see what you have planned.
He's going to be sulking because the aquarium is closed and probably working on a thread that compiles Faceless sightings / kidnapping points / bodies found in the hopes that it get stickied and he gets the sweet, sweet PHO equivalent of karma.
"guy in the know" badge, probably, panth.
Thanks for the tip about crying girls, Bow. I'll make sure to have that influence the Charm rolls that Cwn Annwn may eventually make.
!quote 538
It was a good call on Mega's part. She needs to make an actual friend, which means that she needs to find someone that she can't mack on relentlessly.
Be proud, Spelt. You've got the most PCs that turned into memes.
Did you see the 'goodbye...... enemie' one yesterday?
Morning off, Mega.
He slept in for one (1) hour and went to his favorite barber to get a shave and a haircut.
Ironically, his favorite barber is one of the three major figures in the Neighborhood Watch faction.
Nah, Valiant sleeps like a regular dude.
Feral's not an aggressive macker.
I think Ell is talking about 1.5 triggers.
Like Abattoir in Lausanne.
I'll go ahead and run April's batch of trigger suggestions later today
Since I'm free ish
Nah. I rejected a bunch because there just wasn't enough room.
I don't see any changes.
Which comments are you talking about?
Oh, that one.
Nvm then
I looked at two of the commented suggestions and was terribly disappointed.
The spreadsheet of mine you lined is out-of-date, btw.
*linked
Nah, Crystal makes sense there.
Holo is Law/Shroud.
I wouldn't sweat too much about where things ought to go so much as using them as a jumping point for inspiring power flavor.
Welcome back, Tell.
Detgen is just nice for me, if I need to make a lot of NPC Tinkers.
And regrettably, I do.
That's not what it's about at all, but okay.
Shards don't kill people
Nope. She has, historically, snuck off and blown some random dude for heroin.
I wouldn't advise you follow her example.
Drug/beej transactions are at best a zero sum game.
!addquote <Antioch> Drug/beej transactions are at best a zero sum game.
It's true, Firlz. I keep a bunch of kiddos stashed in the basement just in case the cops come calling.
Separate quarters, ofc.
Is it a surname or something?
Or just a location?
19:48 <Antioch|Evie> What a stupid name. There's nothing heroic about mice, or protecting them.
Do it quick before she can give the other Wards power flaws.
You'll have to wait for the annual Wards 'Battle Royale' field trip.
No, Cwn Annwn's hardest counter is her own crippling anxiety.
I don't know, would he?
Rather looking forward to seeing that particular interaction.
Me?
What did I do?!
"The Gang Assassinates Mendez"
Nah, that was Bow helping me. :P
That's all the HR department is good for.
He's the power testing guy.
How many of the squaddies can you name? :D
Aw, not even the big guy who was competent?
He could pop your head like a grape!
Yeah.
Me neither lol.
I have no idea, I'm kind of delirious from allergies / allergy medication.
I know this weekend will be Lumina talking to Mendez.
And Nach's session is on Monday.
I need to schedule something with Cogo. He's got a good session upcoming.
Saturday is fine for me.
Theoretically my schedule is very busy, but I'm grading / running simulations in the lab pretty much all the time these days, which lends itself to multi-tasking.
At least that's the excuse I have.
Any time is fine.
Dr. Phan still exists.
She's just a travelling psych like Freeman.
Oh, that's right.
I think I can pull it off, but I can understand if you don't want my attention divided, Saff.
Wow, Saff. Not everything Tuzi does is typoing.
No bullying.
I'm now very happy and comfortable with running Protectorate / Wards capes. They just can't start in the organization, need some chance to build up some backstory / personal motivation prior to the fact.
In a narrative sense, not a "man, my organization is running awfully smoothly!" sense, right?
For all his enthusiasm, he didn't seem to stick around.
Sure have. She was rolled up late May or early June, right?
Cayo Hueso, I believe, Firlz.
SMH.
I just call 'em jerky baskets, Spell.
I think it boils down to relatively simple stuff, in the end, narratively speaking.
I could see it being interesting to see how the FBI's jurisdiction extends to drug busts when a great deal of crime is villain-centric.
I can see Mendez leading a strike force and being told to leave it to the local PRT squad
For a raid on a villainous gang of drug distributors
Because the PRT squad is better equipped to handle cape suppression
Makes a good deal of sense.
I know that the PRT offers classes in Willpower training, both in the 'resisting interrogation' sense and the 'dealing with capes with mental/emotional powers' sense.
I imagine that she had the propensity for it, with her bullheadedness, and just capitalized on it with training later on down the line when it became available to her.
Oh, that's right
I think I might need to reschedule that
Mega needs to talk with TGK and clear Freddy to attend the funeral as well
Sorry, Bel
Freddy-rat finds the nearest corner, says "Go away," and dissolves back into smaller rats.
He's not very useful.
<Antioch|GM> Mech Pilot Rat: "I love to drive my legs car. Beep beep."
There's already an uneasy / ongoing truce between the PRT and Blackjack, atm.
Extradimensional Finger Puppets
I'm about to get groceries
Back in a few
Try to avoid directly pinging people on here
I don't work with the suggestion tables
That's probably a year or so old at this point
I've got my own notes to muck around in
Pretty much for this reason
Mm, I think she needs to nurture her shard more before that's a possibility?
I remember reading something along the lines of a 2nd trigger being the shard consuming an undistributed bud, but my memory's fuzzy on that front.
I've always thought 1.5s and 2nds were different beasts – they occupy two distinct points in my headspace, at least.
The only 1.5 that came to fruition was Abattoir in Lausanne, afaik.
I'm up for that whenev, Bel.
No skateboard implement from you, upstart.
For me, yes, if "soon" is roughly 3-4 months from now.
Callous naïveté, maybe.
I think it would be reasonable to assume there was one.
Centralization of video hosting services seems like a natural course of action.
Earth Shin? Don't think so.
I'll let you know, Spell, but my attention is generally focused towards Cleveland right now.
I can see it working out, but it would be a very different sort of thing from the usual.
given the completely different hierarchy and structure there, it would also be really interesting to play someone on powered who is part of some sort of revolutionary movement, for example.
* unpowered
I don't think there is a lot of research to be done, honestly.
no need, fossil. Just wing it.
The more research you end up doing on something, the more emphasis you end up placing on realism, rather than focusing on telling a good narrative, in my opinion.
Wing it, as in improvise.
One container has been pissed on. The other two have been treated with urea and ammonium nitrate respectively.
Doing hall sensor tests on a daily basis, might ask a friend to test the n-alkanes
I don't think research plays a good part in giving a good campaign vermicellitude, outside of the minutiae. Having a unique campaign concept should give you all the vermin attitude you need.
Hey, it's Pact. Just conjure things out of your sleeves or butthole.
Hope you're feeling better soon, Pink.
Aye. Gotta handle some other players first, sorry.
"[19:01:57] <Antioch> I remember reading something along the lines of a 2nd trigger being the shard consuming an undistributed bud, but my memory's fuzzy on that front." Yes, but you can have an undistributed bud without having been a parahuman for a while. Brandish is a bud off Lady Photon (or the other way around), iirc, and they basically triggered back to back.
Got it. Thanks, Non.
@ SCG -- I'm not 100% sure. I can try to shoot for next weekend, if that aligns with your work schedule.
That's harrassment.
Harassment. 
As of Sunday afternoon, 'goodbye..... enemie' is merely the 2nd most popular Wink meme on the boards.
Now it's "oh god i wish i had some........... friends".
It's new.
Bonding over Wink memes.
A meme is the difference between glory and dishonor.
I did not.
At least, if I did, it was unintentional.
Huh. Certainly didn't mean to.
Wow
What about Triple Thrat?
Do what now?
Hypothetically, if he'd done that, it wouldn't have made it to the logs. :P
Yeah. It didn't make sense, in retrospect.
Was a newbie GM mistake.
ThalAI -- I have updated your Tinker table.
When you have the chance, could you find the logs (likely PM) where we determined your costume properties?
Thalia's megaproject is the Mendez EVA.
Instead of LCL, it uses coffee.
I am being facetious, of course.
Ah, sorry, Mega -- I should have been more clear.
You know how they turned Shinji's mom into a robot?
That's what I mean.
Likewise, with the Tong.
I miss San Diego. Hope apoc GMs something again.
Nice.
Ooh, I came up with a good Stranger earlier.
Yeah, I agree with tubes.
Breaker always comes in tandem with secondary / tertiary classifications.
So it dilutes the classification even if you have Breakers like Paperdoll since you're putting in Breaker, like, uh, 0.3 or 0.4, and then you have Stranger and Striker to fill in the rest.
Sorry if I'm getting the classifications wrong, I don't remember the finer points of her power.
Slither's another Breaker sub-Stranger/Striker.
Yeah, I think so too.
I think it was an alt-form Breaker state with a core, IIRC
If I'm thinking of the right gen
Oh, ty, non.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking of.
The way it's written does seem to be more Changer-y, but I think not all Breakers are alt-form Breakers.
All powers do that though.
Hmm. That doesn't sound quite right to me.
Could I get that list from you, Non?
I'm trying to compile an archive of all powered PCs sorted by primary category.
What was the trigger for the power that we're talking about right now, though?
I won't much around with changing the power, but we can look to the trigger to inform our classification and how we increment it.
Oh, alright, sure.
That makes a good deal of sense. I'm think I'm trying to approach it the same way.
That's a pretty solid list, Non. You organize things within a different concept space than I think I'd handle mine.
That gives me a good idea to do something, though, one second:
Let me know if there are any questions you think I should add to this form.
And yes, I did remember to ask for IRC handle this time.
Just pick the ones that you like. :P
I wouldn't put in Caesura or Extirpate when filling this form out, for example.
I think there's the "write in your own answer" for that one, Shade?
If you want to put in some but not all, I'd like to request the ones that you think have a good power.
They can put their real name instead when there isn't one.
You should play Stray some time, Non. Her sessions were always good to read.
I'm also looking forward to your next San Raul session.
I think SCG just got some more free time, so he's getting the ball rolling again on that front.
Ty, Saff. Did you see the Google Form I linked you?
Er, I linked to this whole chat.
Mb.
Hope you don't mind the font change, btw.
The sans serif font was killing me.
Err, wrong paste.
Thanks a bunch, Non.
On the subject of that wrong paste, does anyone remember that power?
I sure don't.
Good point, Nick. Thanks.
I just added a new option to the question so as not to fuck up the extant submissions.
And thanks for the reminder, Non. Looks fun, should be legacyable if can find corresponding trigger.
You rolled the trigger and I made it without any group input, IIRC, Saff.
Thank you, Non.
You know, I'm curious
Would it be possible for a bot to automatically host channel logs and upload them to a secondary site
For others to trawl as they please?
I'm kinda inconvenienced by the fact that I need to download a ZIP archive of any given channel log via IRCcloud
I think it would be a pretty handy resource
Less of me pasting logs for people who were absent, too!
Yeah, "Not Right Writing" seems like its parallel
I can't see 'Hello... Bitches' be anything but NSFW. :(
Well, Killhand is already a dog, so her dogsona is probably pretty easy.
Her 'whatever-the-Prom-Dogs-equivalent-of-a-cutie-mark' is just her brand.
Hoagie would never go on the internet. That's silly.
Oh, darn those parentheses.
Ty
I fixed it, I think.
Thanks, Pink. I really appreciate it.
Hey, Tell!
Snapper might just be Snapper.
I've made references to Earth Bet Broadway musicals, but I don't think I've really touched on Bet-exclusive media.
The Terminator one?
Heh, yeah.
Hahahahahaha.
Oh, wow.
Thank you for that.
Betamax still fell through, right?
Schuyler did, but he's not PRT.
Yeah. He was too depressed to use it near the end, though.
I'd do 7/2/1, personally, Non.
Hmm. Combat-specced directors... I think it would come down to ColdGold's Pittsburgh Director and Mendez.
I like the idea of a PRT sponsored team-building exercise with every department's head shooting the fuck out of each other, as unlikely as it sounds.
But it's a very entertaining premise.
Man...
Poor Director Cross
He'd roll up in there with his wheelchair
Get shot by a single paintball
And die in real life
Gahahahaha
What's today's sermon about?
I don't have any combat viable Directors, I think? Secor's a nerd, Cross is a cripple, and Stokes is a beanpole.
Stokes and Mercedes — "If you're Baltimore's director and I'm Baltimore's director, who's flying the plane?!"
In unison — "JENNINGS!"
You'll want to wait for Mega to come back on tomorrow
I'm sure he'd be interested
I might put Cross in there lmao.
1 guts.
I loved Dante
For the brief period he was alive
Think of little Emilio, man
Saff is making a joke, I believe, Rykarda. The queue is empty because it is closed.
Anyone who calls their fists Dante's inferno deserves life
Earth Heh
It's like Gundor's Earth He
But funnier
No, I liked it, Saff
That's why he should have lived
Hebrew alphabet letters, van.
Earth... Salty?
Ooh, good one, Lys
Earth Lol gets my vote
;-;
Remind me to reuse that slogan or some variant thereof when I inevitably run an anti-cape protest session, Nonagon.
Nice.
Did you folks see the new link on the channel topic?
I'm using it for PC powers / triggers for the most part.
Identifying what works and what doesn't, in power gens.
Since May 2015
They didn't let me sing "All Star" by Smash Mouth at my church, so the experience kind of fell flat for me.
Here-ish.
Sleepy.
!addquote <Antioch> They didn't let me sing "All Star" by Smash Mouth at my church, so the experience kind of fell flat for me.
Lambda literally has nothing that can deal damage, Spelt.
Besides punching people, I guess, which is something any regular person can do.
The power armor, which is honestly a misnomer, doesn't augment melee attacks in any way whatsoever.
^
I enjoyed writing that opening post, BTW.
It's only three letters away from Lumina.
Wait 'til you meet Phi.
Just out of curiosity, Non, what are the proportions like?
Zero Tinkers out of how many, that is?
Yeah. There should be a link to the form on one of the response page tabs.
I'm not sure if that was the best way to handle it, but I wanted people to be able to see the results as well.
Greek letter Tinkers are the way to go. Lots of fertile ground there.
Hey. Give me two or three hours, maybe? I'm going to grab lunch and head onto campus first.
Hyg, Saff.
Always have fun with Tinker word dumps.
She'll be running me in Cleveland today.
Er... Norwalk.
"Lumina looks into alternative energy sources." seems like a good session header.
Crawler, sadly, cannot fit.
He's too big of a boy.
I think it's a little sad that the situation in Cleveland has deteriorated to the point that nobody cares about the swarm of rats jewel thief.
:(
Dum fumbles McLoserface
Not yet. He's a busy guy.
bwuhhhh i'm so full
Undine's a Changer, but Acidbath is a Breaker.
there are some breakers that can partially shift, I think.
but I'm thinking of that cauldron guy 3000 something though so that's probably not right
The way I do it, is that breakers are just on the whole harder to categorize
although I feel like changers are more oriented towards gradient transformations and breakers or more oriented towards binary transformations
or physical versus esoteric transformations, maybe?
I'd probably call it Changer, personally speaking, just from the discussion of the power. If we had a trigger it could clear things up.
I'm ready, btw, Saff.
Yes.
Yeah, one sec, Mega.
Yeah, only Chinamen eat people.
I'M COMING TO PET YOUR DOG AND YOU CAN'T STOP ME
YOU CAN PROBABLY STOP ME
ACTUALLY
BUT I'M COMING
REGARDLESS
It's old news, doll!
@ Mega|Mendez -- I'm concerned that the sole thing that's keeping the morale of your department afloat (and outperforming Dr. Freeman, potentially) is the sheer volume of Wink memes on the internet right now.
"Mems...? Is this what my children are spending their time doing? Is it a drug?" 
Yeah.
It's going.
Iron Will was interred with his family at the place of his birth, Youngstown, OH. He has been dead for roughly 6 months.
By virtue of being dead, Sigma lets her do whatever she wants.
No parents, no parents, nah nah nah
Nay, not I.
"Last Christmas, I gave you my heart..."
OK. It's still two weeks from Christmas anyways.
D:
I care about you, Dol.
Yeah, In #WDCleveland2
I'll paste you the logs.
Nobody tells me nuffin'!
On Monday in Cleveland, it will be the day of the iconic Ethan Pesche shooting in San Raul.
[in whatever language otters speak] "hello...... friend"
Rain of Despair: "These otters are no good to me, somehow. I can feel it." 
Evening, Tell.
How's it going?
Talla gets a mention in Sicol, too. Pioneer's from there, IIRC.
And buying fuel from Octane.
It tickles me to see cross-references to other campaigns, it truly does.
Pioneer's my favorite Ward, but I think Finial would be if he had more screen time.
A quiet ree...
Like rees, passing in the night.
When did MP die? I know she ditched the Protectorate pretty early in the game and rolled independent for a good while.
I think Lysa runs #WDCharmCity.
Great, innit?
Let me know if you need a hand or a push, Lurks. The more the merrier.
ROCKY'S A GOOD DOG, MOM!
The preparations for the funeral session have been knocked out of the way.
It'll be a two-track session that merges into one, with Dags and Freddy as the main characters.
We'll figure out the schedule.
Oooh!
Sadboy
Whew, good day for sessions.
So many people GMing right now.
It's heatin' up in here.
I can't imagine it would be particularly strong.
Certainly memetics as a societal concept has existed in a sociocultural sense, but our 'modern' interpretation of memes relies almost solely on the internet as a medium.
The spirits would be like your 80-year-old grandma who says, "What's up with that nasty green frog? I don't like how his eyes bulge out."
Admittedly, I feel like Mobile Phones are on the Implement doc as a "don't do this, it's silly" example.
I think that's more of an... old myth than a meme, Lys?
Tuzi did, just a few days ago.
For shame.
Disgusting.
Deceitful.
Important question: What flavor of Hot Pocket is Titz eating?
I give that Hot Pocket flavor a 3/10. Kill Titz, Cowl.
There are like, two or three hot pocket flavors that are good.
Blushy's dead.
Hmm. I wonder what my NPCs say about me.
I think your favorite NPCs say the most about you, all told.
I think Suede in particular says a good deal about you, Cogo.
Gah, I don't know if I can pick my favorite NPCs off the top of my head.
I think my favorite NPCs are the ones for whom dialogue flows most naturally to me.
From recent sessions (Arc 18 / 19), I think that Capo II and Caitiff have been some of my stronger NPCs in terms of writing. Thanks to a great deal of the PCs aligning themselves with the Protectorate, as well as Teruzi playing Dr. Freeman, I'm relatively confident about portraying any given member of the Protectorate well and uniquely.
Three people got in, but decided to save their admission for my upcoming campaign, Indianapolis, rather than get in on a campaign that's near its end.
Pnk, Zne, and Mish.
I'm curious, Nick -- what about Caitiff makes him so dislikeable?
Cowl! You are a very, very bad and sinful boy! Forget Mrs. Jeon, Cassette would die!
I'm glad I hit the right notes with him. He started out pretty nebulous, in my mind, but grew into this whole thing.
My initial notes for Caitiff were literally just "Stranger - neener neener boo boo x 1000"
Thanks for the session, Saff.
I had a grand old time.
And thanks for showing up and indulging my nonsense, Faust.
Pit Bulp
Tuzi - you have one of the most powerful tools in the cape world at your disposal
A meaty, meaty meatshield
Index slashed up an old man with glass shrapnel, Dol.
That's pretty evil
Lying about being a Ward and then smashing up glass into an old man makes the Wards look bad.
That's villainous!
Don't you pshaw me!
A truly villainous PC, Fulvus?
Tell makes a very solid argument.
Meanmug could be a fun villain name.
Quick, Cowl! Just think of "I Want It That Way" by the Backstreet Boys.
It'll fix you right up.
Your rats, Freddy.
Each and every one of your rats is a joke.
You see that rat? He's a fucking joke.
You can't shake his hands, he can't close a deal.
Can't bring home the bacon for his wife and kid rats.
He's got nothin'. Nothin', I tell ya.
I haven't played that game before. I'll have to take a look.
Zene did the most recent one, IIRC.
Cashy is coming in clutch as Cowl gives in to the goop.
Heck of a day for Cleveland
I'm liking the chill, more social sessions
Yes. You'll need to coordinate with Bel.
thank you for playing! I had a lot of fun today, everybody.
♥️
D:
Ghetto G-sus is a hunk.
He needs to goo Mr. Jeon. Now that guy can do some work.
!addquote <Antioch> I'm feeling as alive as I did when I doused a man in acid and pushed him out of a tall window in a rickety metal sarcophagus of my own design.
When did I say that?
Oh, right, yeah.
I was on fire for that session.
Hey Mega. Should have some logs for you in a bit.
^
Here you go, Mega.
I try to ensure that PCs always have the session quote highlight, but "ITS BURNING GRIP TELLS YOU TO GO FUCK YOURSELF" is really tempting me.
I'm comfortable enough with pretty much any NPC that works with the PRT to enjoy writing their dialogue.
So it'll be a shame to end Cleveland in that sense.
I'm comfortable with a lot of the NPCs and enjoy writing their dialogue.
Not at all, Nick.
It's one of those situations where you can't start the game as a Protectorate cape, and joining them is essentially a non-standard Game Over as you'll be (unless there is an extremely compelling reason) transferred to another department.
The PRT will be serving as peacekeepers, for the most part, but also nonstandard antagonists, insofar as they're comprised of professionally branded capes that vie for the spotlight as well.
Only with certain NPCs, ones that I can take the time and get into their headspace properly.
On the whole, Teller's NPCs are stronger than mine by leaps and bounds.
Every time I read Sicol Bend, every NPC feels like they're their own person, that the written interaction with them barely scrapes the surface of who they are, and that there's a great deal of depth yet unexplored.
Maybe it's difficult for me to be objective with my own NPCs that way, as I know what scant notes I have written on them.
The ones I do feel good about are the ones I've internalized to a degree where notes aren't needed.
I think we all have our favorites.
LMAO.
I think the two NPCs I want to hear about the most are Dolyn's mom and dad, right now.
Also, here.
I'm sure you'll be able to hear about them more once Cowl comes to.
Most of my good info is in the noggin.
Like, all of my notes on Undine haven't been committed to paper at all.
I want to write up individual NPC infodumps at the end of the campaign for the curious, I think.
Just sharing trigger events, power details, personal info, and the like.
I'm hopeful that Cleveland will be able to break 1mil words at the end. I've got 3 arcs to knock through about 220k.
Cogo was the champ for Arc 18.
He put out almost as much as the first two arcs to put together, lmao.
Every arc has gotten progressively longer and longer.
You average 3,430 words per session in Cleveland, Mega.
Alright, it's time for brunch.
Good luck, Fracta. Let me know if you need any help or guidance, or just want someone to bounce campaign ideas off of.
I'm always happy to hear of new people eager to take the GM mantle.
It's also a good way to accrue popularity, haha, GMs are always in demand here, even with a spat of new games recently started.
Norwalk's a month old, tops, IIRC, and already close to 100k words / 20 sessions. Saff's been killin' it.
Because I don't have to worry about making my players suffer and feel guilty about it when you can do it for me.
Nice. We don't have too many GMs in that time zone.
Feel free to let me know if you have any questions.
It was probably me.
Yeah, it was me.
12:52 <&Antioch> Norwalk's a month old, tops, IIRC, and already close to 100k words / 20 sessions. Saff's been killin' it.
!search oh god
Pollution is justice!
tubes, my man
You're going to love the Parliament of Pollution
I guarantee it
Norwalk.
Have you seen the thread, btw?
I did a post as Biscuit_Tan
But I don't think I captured the magic
Not at all.
It's sort of like how in popular media the bad guys have a higher tendency to be gay/etc., to the best of my knowledge
At least we have Deception now.
Perfect. Thank you, tubes.
He hasn't found that out IG yet.
Power suit w/ 4 arms, can make holograms and stuff.
Khandhas Rat will teach him how to dull the pain.
Fratman?
monch... cronch...
they're good eating
Pollution is justice!
Firlz, that would be "Hey, Mr. Shard in my brain, tell me what I should do?"
Conflict ahoy.
"Son, you should kill your real dad and replace him with me. I'm much better, you see."
Sounds like something someone would say if they killed their mom and replaced her with a rat duplicate.
It's true. Valiant's ghosts would stick around.
Yeah! I can autopilot Cleveland every few sessions, it's nice.
"Annual Protectorate Rodent-Related Powers National Support Group Meeting"
Just two PCs chattin', fleshing each other out.
It's good stuff.
Or to narrate the talking rats.
I think it's only boring if you don't like your character.
If you like your character then it's an opportunity for them to grow and interact with both the universe and another player.
Which ones were they?
Mmm, I think the campaign list makes sense to be WD only.
We could start one for the PD channel though.
I'd like to drum up more interest for PD.
I'm going to split it into three different docs I think
It's big enough to merit that
Yeah, you make a really fair point
Yes, I am.
I'll link my campaign doc in the #Pactdice channel, but it will be a while before I run it.
Biweekly paycheck for a Protectorate cape or Ward, tubes?
First year or settled in?
3.5k after taxes.
Ballparking it.
Who doesn't?
It's all the rage these days.
Not yet!
Tremor doesn't deserve the Birdcage, anyways.
Nah, I just don't know yet.
Nah, I'll be doing a more traditional drafting process.
Eh, here's the thing. Might edit / clean, but that's the gist of it.
Good thing you don't have to answer them this time, eh?
OK, but if you get into my campaign twice it cancels out and I have to remove you
Nope, I just posted it for the first time just now.
Yeah, Tell -- I'm actually kicking back and writing a really rough draft of what I have in mind.
Here's the gist of what I have in mind
It's very crude
And I'm not happy with a goodly chunk of it, but there are glimmerings of ideas that I want to expand on
Yeah, it's, erm
I'm trying to figure out how to say it
Imagine you have a bunch of different poker chips to pay up with and some of them say "Life flaw" and some of them say "power flaw" and some of them say "here's my neat character"
And you toss them towards any given option you want?
But there are also negative moneys in the perks and such
I'm not feeling... especially coherent today.
It's just me as a GM being subjective and being like "wowie, that's a neat concept"
Erm, we're gonna have 6 folks for this thingy
No I mean 6 folks for the draft dealio
Mish makes a good point of having people write a bunch of backstories maybe and then having at least some of them rejected
Uh 12 maybe? IRD
IDR
I'll chew it over I guess because I still have a good deal of time to think
Yeah! That's the gist of it
Thanks for turning my ramblings into something more sensible, Tell
Yeah - it's something that can be done asynchronously
So I'd probably just release the draft as a Goog Form and have it run over the course of a week
I think I would allow a player to request a flaw in specific
It's not something I'd value personally speaking, in terms of actual points
It might cost points even, but the points could be recouped with justification in the character write-out?
The draft is only going to be for the 6 folks who have made it through the initial screening process (3 of which have already been chosen) so hopefully I'll avoid silliness when it comes down to the real deal
I had a winter selection for Cleveland but I felt bad for letting people into a campaign that was pretty close to ending so I asked them if they wanted to go into my next campaign instead
Longinus was probably the major 10 of Swords guy.
If he hadn't had it then Redcap would have died a lot earlier in the game probably.
Yep, got it
I'm not feeling... especially coherent today.
Whoa
Sorry, was putting up the laundry
And must have scrolled up to something I said earlier while my phone was resting on the keyboard and sent it
It's not explicitly extra sessions, but I can point to Schuyler vs. Sonderman session density and action economy in Sicol Bend as a rough example
Only if you wanna
It's purely for my benefit to suss out what sort of char you like
You could if you want, irid, but if you don't and you'd still want to apply I'd be happy with reusing the one you applied to the Winter Cleveland form with
But if you want to fill it out later there's no rush
I don't think this campaign will start until July-ish
I'm honestly very flattered that so many people are applying for the campaign without seeing the campaign doc o_o;;
I feel like I'm doing this all out of order
I'm pretty sure I've already tarnished my reputation as a GM a good number of times, though x_x
I liked Cashy's response better, tubes
Yeah. Not for a few months though, I'm still in the preparatory phases.
Double March is one of the cooler Tinker NPCs that come to mind
Do you want to fight or talk to NPCs or discover secrets
Also I really oughta to to bed goodnight everybody!!!
[ Antioch is now known as Antioch|GM <Antioch|GM> ... <Antioch|GM> The sound of - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
<Antioch> I'd be really interested in how you approach these scales
<Antioch|GM> Ah, that's a better way of putting it
Ahh
I forgot about that discussion we had about the methodology/improv scale, Pink
I should edit the form accordingly
Hey, Non, what's the |UB tag for? I don't think I've ever asked.
I like Ultra Beast
dolyn hello
Hmmm
Friday is best I think
I can make that work, I think
I'll start Bel earlier
And we can probably finish it up in one day - if not Saturday can continue
I just need to run a 5k on that day
Yeah, I did
Never mind, I'm throwing it out
!search meaty weasel
"[00:04:49] <Antioch> I'm pretty sure I've already tarnished my reputation as a GM a good number of times, though x_x" What? How? "[00:05:23] * Antioch crams the decaying corpses of Vancouver, Atlanta, and Flint back into the closet while trying to hold back bitter tears of regret." Oh right, that.
; - ; 
"[09:09:02] <Antioch> Hey, Non, what's the |UB tag for? I don't think I've ever asked." I used Nonagon|PC for my PC and Nonagon|Mac for my apple laptop. Now that I have a new laptop, I use Nonagon|UB for Ubuntu, the OS it runs.
Thanks! I was curious about that one.
Claws inflicted a stacking TK debuff on struck victims. Sufficient wounds let her crudely full-body puppet them for a time.
wop
Bookkeeping was the primary issue
Yeah, that was another biggun
;-;
Snoke...?!
Kids who end up being Wards: Naive kids who idolize heroes, orphans with powers, people whose parents found out and forced them into it, children of Protectorate heroes
The mortality rate is high enough that people don't care too much about Accord elaborately ganking everyone who pisses on his bathroom floor twice a week probably.
That's not about keeping folks alive
That's about keeping the -game- alive
Preserving the status quo
I think if you're playing a character whose first thought is to join the Wards after a rational analysis of life expectancy across the board for heroic organizations then you're probably not playing a very exciting character.
I think if you're playing a character whose first thought is to join the Wards after a rational analysis of life expectancy across the board for heroic organizations then you're probably not playing a very exciting character.
oh mb, faulty connection
Oh lol this convo is about IRL
nvm
LOL
OK. ready when you are, Non
Shoot me a ping when you're good to go, I'll be puttering about in the lab meanwhile
Awesome.
I don't think I'd get a kick out of GMing a power like that, personally speaking.
I think a whatever-chan style Earth Bet forum would be interesting, but the formatting and post style of those threads would literally kill me if I tried to replicate it in GDocs.
It definitely merits consideration. A more darkweb forum that might be tied to an illegal cape betting site could also be interesting.
If I write gay superhero porn for your thing will you make those links link to them for real?
I've already done one of my PCs' homework for him.
It's not like I can sink any further.
I assumed it was going to be on the drug assembly, because she was interviewing Kian on it, but I could be wrong.
That might have been a different assignment or special request from Mr. Klein.
Afternoon, Bow
Sending you some vials, vander
I actually don't see it on my responses form.
Maybe try again?
Yeah, it's a quirk of how my logs are stored and then subsequently don't jive with the log formatter too well.
Comes up in a good few of the recent logs.
I'm intending on going through all of them and excising them manually, but it's on the back burner for a while.
Right on the nose, Tell.
Oh, wow, thanks a great deal, Pink.
That's really good.
Antichan.
I suppose that is what they call me, yes.
Sure did, Div.
don't listen to gramma nick
she's just trying to guilt trip you
It's Wink with a Mortal Lock robot up his butt, making him move and do stuff. Good eye, Fir.
XD
It's the only trick in my book! ; - ;
They're mercenaries that hire out muscle for villainous pursuits for a fee up-front and a cut of the take, but when jobs are slow, they fall back on drug trafficking, with a slight edge up because of the contacts they've made throughout their business dealings.
Are you in Auterville, vaegrim?
You can chill out in channel and read the logs for a session.
Usually, if you metagame, the GM will call you out on it and put the kibosh on that sort of thing, but I haven't seen it happen to the best of my recollection.
Like author, like NPCs.
Condolences, Van. I had to deal with that the other day when I was running Freddy.
Hey, Teller. Thanks a great deal for helping me add some more coherence to the draft-ish trigger selection process I'm hashing out for Indianapolis.
Here's a more polished version, bearing your assistance in mind.
XD
Essentially, the procedure I'm aiming for here is this:
1) People fill out the form.
2) I assign a score to the form in points. Minimum 10, with some bonuses tacked on for a compelling submission.
3) Every point is converted to a ticket that is placed into a digital hat.
4) When the time comes, I will draw tickets out of the hat.
5) The first three will go into this batch, but I'm going to keep drawing and drawing until the hat is empty.
6) The order of which I draw the rest of the applicants out of the hat will dictate the order of the queue.
I'm slowly trial-and-erroring the whole semirandom queue thing and this is the current iteration.
Sorry and thanks for indulging me as I putz around with this idea.
I did, Tuzi. Thank you for submitting.
Overdosing may be a real and present risk for her, as far as game overs go, depending on how certain things pan out.
That makes a lot of sense, Tell. Thanks for that suggestion, I hadn't thought about that.
He can't keep an eye on her all the time.
Maybe she'll get bullied at school and go home and shoot up drugs. Who knows!
Not that I'm aware of.
I'm honestly pretty happy with the little dialogue blurb written at the top of the doc. I had a fun time writing it.
Whatever happened to the guy with the power to make a shadow hand that made people sad, tubes?
:(
I liked that power.
Build-A-Bug
Too complex, I think.
Which in turn was proposed to me by Bow.
I agree, on the whole. Having Mega as my Director is doing wonders for keeping the plot organic and dynamic.
I've been seriously mulling over having a PC Director option for Indy (perhaps as a subset of unpowered leader, if it's wanted) since yesterday, and I think I psyched myself up enough to wrangle all the paperwork that entails. I ought to have enough notes on hand to support it.
That sounds like it implies that Schuyler had a net-positive effect on the state of affairs in Sicol Bend.
His ghost is weeping a single tear of gratitude.
I think we've gotten to the point where legacies aren't inherently terrible because we're legacying from way back when there were weird or crazy powers being bandied about.
Well, Blackout is one of the terrible ones
But Zulfiqar is a pretty good one
That's because it's fun and entertaining to do so.
The real answer is that I don't know yet, and the last vignette should inform what direction I take her in.
Gosh. Drive yourself. SMH.
ouch
bit pulb
That's a lot of lysas
Morning, Dol, Saff, Cogo, Nick
p goo
p leg
I think I'm running ColdGold tody
today
I'm going to grab some lunch and head into the lab and I'll be good to go in like 2, 2.5 hours.
I've been on a roll with the GMing these past several days, it seems
It's hot there, out in Topeka.
Hey, Lysa. Could you give me the quick run-down of Squeak Squad's power?
Gotcha! Thanks.
That's about the same time as Norwalk.
Here you go, Lysa.
IIRC, there was an Echidna-clone of Skitter that could control rats named "Chitter" in the story tags.
Undine's not a publically known cape, and IIRC, the name is for a water nymph / elemental of some sort.
Ping me when you're ready, ColdGold.
Ripcord will be scary when he gets his bones hollowed out and legs surgically removed.
Welcome to the lovely Norwalk PRT, Thal! We're closed on Sundays!
May's skipping school to do cape stuff. Naughty, naughty.
You gotta pay attention to Cameron, Dodger!! 
Do you even know what a fucking mortgage is?!
Arc 21 Dodger Files For Bankruptcy
Well, uh. To be fair. The blood lake was a conspiracy.
It was specifically enacted to discredit the PRT.
Sounds kinda Crusades-y.
Damnation.
I'm waiting for the mass compulsion/command Master that calls themselves Pope Urban II.
'Prince' epithet connotes youth, ambition, royalty, but not authority. I've been meaning to do a write-up on epithets in literature and traits that seem implict to them.
There's less weight and more thrust, if that makes sense.
That's a good point, Non.
These all sound like really good names for capes in the Elite.
They've got that theme going on, positions of power and clout, for the most part, IIRC.
I've wanted to explore the Elite and run them as NPCs more, but when I did it in Vancouver I was a scrub and didn't really know how to handle them well.
; - ;
Rats? Men? Both terrible.
IIRC, had a slum faction called the Gutter Royals in my notes for an old campaign.
Sure, which ones would you like?
There are one or two I'm planning to reuse, but I shouldn't have any problem with others.
Sure. I don't remember what he does exactly tbh.
Haha, sorry. I ballparked the Rat Numbers and was wildly off.
Sure. Rat pockets on the inside of the skirt, a rat pouch, and some rat sleeves and crannies in her armor.
Maybe they'll let Verminator out of jail. She needs friends.
Rat armor - it's the new baby armor
The rat swarm jewel thief is an unknown presumed cape. Security footage at a downtown jewelry store show a swarm of vermin working in concert to smash the front window, smash the display case, and scamper off with the contents, escaping into the sewers.
Verminator is a Changer that shifts into the form of a large, feral monster, with the transformation ramping up every time someone makes physical contact with her.
She's still in jail, yeah.
You pick them up and give them a bath and then you slip them into one of your many pockets.
Whoops, missed that.
I'm concerned that Cashy's "KILLGUNGNIR.EXE" module is still loaded in right now.
Stepping away from the computer for a moment to grab some coffee and a snack. I'll be on my phone, but slower to respond.
Hey Tell. Sorry for the torrent of $tell messages.
Jimminy cricket, Cogo.
I got 2.1, Non
Oh, out of 10
You might have missed one of the 1s he rolled.
Stdev 1.6
Oh, whoops
XD
double fuckle
Oof. Tough fight today.
The drone salvo showcases the nasty aspect of shocks Spelt mentioned. It doesn't leave wounds, but it can inflict multiple mod. shock effects per round, which exacerbate each other, as mentioned.
Don't name your ass loogies, kids. Don't name any kind of loogie, really.
I'm enjoying how this fight is going. I was worried about the dynamics and narrative and complexity of a 3D aerial battle, but I'm having a lot of fun writing it!
I don't believe so. I think it was slated for Friday and Saturday.
He got what we like to call an "instant" Viking funeral.
Certain things work better before the start of Worm, while certain things are better suited for the timeskip.
It's a Spanish surname.
Whew, CG. Thanks for the good session.
That was a doozy-fuck of a fight.
I don't know that there's anything of value to be distributed.
I'm halfway through adding some triggers to it.
Which is a bit of a stretch, no?
It's long, hyperspecific, and needs the parenthetical to make it work
I'm not a huge fan
Just because it's real doesn't mean it's a good trigger, dude
I keep seeing the ones you write with links to news or Wikipedia articles
And none of them ever catch my interest
Just because it's a rare disease / situation doesn't necessarily mean it makes good trigger material
I think the specificity is an issue
But it's not all of them
A little tired today, but I think Saff put it well a few days and I'm paraphrasing, but triggers that pigeonhole the character into a very specific scenario aren't very fun to work with
The triggers you write either with a specific classification/subclassification in mind or inspired from real events I don't particularly like.
Two issues with that -- doesn't make for a good trigger, ceteris paribus, and power gen isn't algorithmic to the point where the subcategory you wrote for gets generated, which is a good thing
And if you write the trigger heavy-handed enough to force that subcat then it's very likely to be a bad trigger
I'm confused about the argument you're trying to make, Ell.
Are you saying those are bad triggers that should be rejected?
I'm confused as to why you brought them up, then.
That's pretty solid. I like it.
We've had 'pulled out of school' triggers before, but this is a unique enough take.
I don't really mind the three jobs. It's some extra flavor to the trigger, and doesn't actually force the triggeree into a more specific role.
Paints a more coherent picture of the home life.
I am curious how someone that busy would plan on homeschooling someone, but that's really my sole concern.
Just feel free to slip your suggestions into the trigger doc. I'm moving over the nice ones into the actual trigger doc as part of the April batch.
I'm largely busy with thesis work / finals /var. projects, so I'm not leaving critiques this time, just approving or denying entries.
I wouldn't word it like that myself either, but I think that the bottom line is that clever tactics and improvisation can and should be able to at least partially compensate for poor dice rolls
Rainbow Idol's first session comes to mind, on that front
Oh, gotcha. I missed the example, was just thinking back on the session as a whole.
Yeah.
Right now? Sure, I can swing it.
Just have a dog head on the end of your grappling stick
chonp
They were full of surprise cocaine.
pit bulp
Being Jack's mom, probably.
"I Caught My Son Looking At Mouse Protector Porn And Now I'm Worried He'll Stuff Live Rodents Up His Butthole" is going to be the name of Mrs. Voigt's memoir.
"My Ass Is Cleansed By A Surge Of Liquids; Pounded In The Butt By Gregor The Snail"
I'd ask what kind, at least.
Just to be safe.
Haha
I thought Long Arms and Small Arms were physical characteristics at first
Domain, Dominion, Marble, Rondure, Effervesce, Froth, Miss Fizz
The Bubbler
The Mighty Bloop
Blooper Reel
Big Bloop
Bloop Buddy
please remain clam
0/10
I thiñk she meañs that you're iñcorrect.
我哈天天喝服持卡人餓又故意說殺嬰
Oh, shit. Wrong channel. Sorry.
I'm sorry.
For the March batch, I rejected some triggers simply because we hit a cap of 100.
I think it's a Dashy function.
It's like taking a glimpse into the past.
Excluding the unlinked sessions 1.a, 1.b, 2.a, and the access-locked 2.1, Auterville's word count is 35,567.
There you go. You can keep track of things now.
I'm working on something else right now, but my first thought looking at the trigger is a power like Link throwing around pots in Legend of Zelda but the pots explode when they shatter
Touch-imbue projectiles into fragile, light object, that afflicts struck victim with burning effect as it shatters on them
Something along those lines
Enchantment Blasters imbue touched projectiles, yeah, IIRC
Nice work, tubes.
If it feels tacked on, don't worry about it.
Just gen what feels right and don't worry about the $classes too much.
They're mostly for me to decide which category of trigger events get more love when I'm importing them into the trigger doc.
Index today, woo
Poor Miss Oilslick.
Left by the wayside.
Your bike is going to San Raul now, Index.
Hops needs it.
Transcontinental Bike Exchange Syndicate
Transcontinental Underground Bike Exchange Syndicate
"I'm sorry, Peanut... I couldn't get you that bike you wanted for your birthday. It'll be different next time, I promise."
Say, Dolyn.
Would Malfire be willing to recruit a nerdy, computer virus / AI Tinker going by the name of "Malware"?
soulpelt's Vigil / Hacker Vaillant.
What about a traumatized, unpowered gangster in the wake of a disastrous relationship with a psychotic wreck of a villain-turned-hero named Malcolm?
He's going wherever Cleveland isn't.
That's why you shouldn't listen to your junk, friends. Even if your boss just whipped out her titties, is kind of a wreck, and looks like an easy lay.
Fingers crossed that AQ gets into some kind of disastrous relationship in Cleveland.
In Indianapolis, yes.
Does she get worse with practice?
I'm sure there's an "Do Not Accept Oral Pleasure From Amphetamine Queen" bulletin on the drug dealer listserv.
I think the implication that the drug dealers have a listserv is the funniest part of what I just said.
Probably not. I'm trying to avoid legacy capes, as well as stick with custom triggers specific to the campaign.
queso fresco omelettes are really good
Not very.
I've seen myself lie as much as Index when I was his age. He's very relatable, in that regard.
"[12:48:12] <Antioch> I'm sure there's an "Do Not Accept Oral Pleasure From Amphetamine Queen" bulletin on the drug dealer listserv." They pay her in bitcoins.
XD
I imagine Wormverse cryptocurrency is actually a pretty thriving economy, actually.
Because of those websites where you bet money on the outcome of cape fights, and the black market bounty boards, and stuff like that.
I like how the guy's first impression is to throw a pillow.
"Get outta here, you rascal!"
Hopefully their renter's insurance will cover that window.
Man, Index is going to get some flak on PHO. Cutting up an old guy, being a pervert.
More villainous than Rain of Despair, that's for sure.
Next to an unsuspecting blue blip?
That's a crime in and of itself.
Index is great.
He's a fun goofy kid who learns, grows, and adapts.
Yeah. It will be on the first day of June.
Logs, Saff.
Not breasts.
Fair enough.
Transcontinental Underground Bike Exchange Service
Hops needs it.
Have a heart.
Two max rolls already.
Index's dad is Mr. Jeon tier.
Hmm. Most WD dads roll pretty hot, don't they?
In this world, it's dad or be dadded (?)
That's not true, Faustus.
Index stole a phone.
Maybe it's a smartphone.
I think Index and Hops would be good friends.
Sure, what kind of help do you need?
Here is the document mentioned. The right-aligned dialogue is Teller's.
Hey, Director Scrags was pretty lethal.
To his own capes.
Heyoooo!
How many deep?
More than six? Less?
No! That number is already taken'
Meat pie please.
A scrapple pie?
You ever had it?
Yeah, but the meat is every part of the pig you don't want.
It's more gelatinous.
Pie discourse goes in #cooking.
Blood Creek vs Blood Lake
This is the old one, for reference.
Lambda it is.
I like Lambda too.
Gin and grapefruit juice is very good. It's the only way I'll partake of gin.
It puts my mind on my money, and my money on my mind.
That wasn't supposed to go here. Sorry.
Could you do me a favor and just tell me that every day without being prompted, Mish?
tootle tootle
!addquote <Antioch|Evie> Beaver sphincter jewelry is haute couture.
Hey funeralgoers. I'm wrapping up the design of a presentation poster for my conference. I'll be done soonish.
What the fuck is up with Norwalk and its strawberry pop tart sponsorship
Let me remind you, Pink. They taste bad.
Pink, would you take my word, an upstanding young gent who thinks peach pie is a top-quality fruit pie, or Saff's, a degenerate who hates both peach and cherry pie?
Oh, nuts. I've kicked off the Pie Discourse again.
And you take that back about rhubarb!
How can you afford so many trips to Disney World on a public school teacher's salary, Mrs. Way?
lmk when bel arrives
I'm very well-acquainted with that feel, tubes.
When someone kills a member of Protectorate Critical, I imagine Alexandria takes it very personally, and resolves the situation herself.
They're her direct subordinates, after all.
A kill order is "we don't want to commit resources and our own capes to deal with this problem and we don't care if the nearby area gets fucked up as collateral damage, let's throw money at the problem and let the crazies take care of it," pretty much.
It's a good few steps up above from "PRT squaddies, here are some hollow-point rounds, shoot to kill and don't ask any questions."
Yeah. IIRC, anyone can contribute to the "bounty pot" that can be claimed on kill-ordered targets.
I don't think there's any incentive to bring them back alive.
Yeah, no problem. I'm free all day.
Just let me know when you're ready.
For some reason my mind jumped from "furnace technician" to "crematorium", which given the context of the session makes a reasonable amount of sense.
I try to stick one or two healers in the city just to have the option there. It makes things simpler and means that getting badly fucked up in a fight doesn't cost the player three to five sessions when the timescale is narrow.
Ten sessions within the course of a day narrow?
Mmm... if they're on at the same time and/or the scheduling doesn't inconvenience you too much, then let it happen, but I wouldn't force the issue, I suppose?
Hmm, that's not necessarily true. You know in those cartoons where the characters are on a runaway minecart and frantically building tracks in front of them to keep going forward?
I tend to GM more like that, and there are players who branch out and do it too.
And there's a million acts of revenge I haven't yet perpetrated, but just you wait, (just you wait)
I've been vastly outdone.
A pipe is just a weird shaped tube.
Topographically speaking.
Pot and kettle something something.
Good luck polluting the shoreline of this beautiful city.
This Norwalk session is sweet. I'm glad that Lexi's day is going better than it was.
Too bad that motor's about to get clogged by all of the garbage they're dumping in your water.
You'll light your motor on fire? That's a bold strategy, Dust.
No, that's Avalon in Columbus.
I think burning him alive was justified, honestly.
He had a bad attitude.
Do you have a cape going by Malkuth, or are they no longer extant, JL?
Good.
That's the most important sephirot.
I don't believe the Knight of Aces is a valid Suit position, btw. Their suits are Wand, Coin, Cup, and Sword, and the four traditional playing card suits.
I think the Suits missed a good opportunity to have their major capes named after Major Arcana in the Tarot.
Perhaps you meant the Knight of Spades, given his specialty?
Gosh, how does Miss Oilslick avoid acne.
Stepping out to get the posters I need.
Man. Depending on how much crap Miss Oilslick is spewing, Dust could blow up the ocean.
Which he should
Do you perhaps mean infamous, Lexi?
This is why you should pay attention in Lit.
With all this pollution you're causing maybe you should pay attention to chemistry class.
Learn about n-alkanes and shit.
And surface tension and specific gravity.
A-are you jeezus, Shade?
Jhetto Jeezus?
Sorry, you're Acid Rain now.
What's more despair inducing than limestone sinkholes, tbh?
I agree that Senator Smog is a dope-ass name.
Hm. That's an abstract loss that correlates both to hunger and deprivation of something you were intending on enjoying.
I'd push for a Thinker classification, with a touch of Breaker, for that one
That's a pretty weak trigger, Proth. It needs to be more impactful, closer to stuff like tubes and fulvus are mentioning.
No. They don't have the naked chicken chalupa anymore, and therefore it's pointless to go.
Whoa. I should do that if I'm going to be stuck in the lab tonight.
Wait, pickup, not delivery.
Bah.
I'll order some and we can eat in camaraderie.
Why must you hurt me in this way, Thal?
Yeah.
Yeah, you should. I'm not sure when Bel will turn up, and it might be late enough that we should just aim for tomorrow.
Oh, howdy.
Did something come up?
It's quite alright. I'll be free tomorrow after running my 5k.
I wouldn't mind doing your branding interview as a side thing when you're done with food tonight.
For tomorrow, I'd say after lunch, probably.
I'm pulling an all-nighter tonight, so it may be a little after that.
You know, Bel, it appears I haven't fully thought things out.
Perhaps the brisk run will help wake me up to face Saturday.
I have two thesis projects due in two weeks, and I'm losing roughly four days this week to a conference in Minneapolis, so I figure I'd get a head start, since there will be inevitable delays when I try to get the parts I need 3D printed.
Send in the parts and have them ready for me when I return, sort of thing.
Is actual, real depression considered 'goth'?
noooooooooooo
Damn.
Tupac's cape name is Makaveli.
(said to Lexi) "The true despair was in you all along!"
An evil dog, perhaps.
That session made me sad. Good job, Rain.
Hmm. What about Veiny?
Norwalk is good too.
Fleur was killed after Marquis went to the Birdcage, but a few years before the start of the story, I think.
Wise words, Nick.
Gee, it's only 9:50. Feels a little bit later than that.
Whoa, these are harsh words being thrown around.
I like Miles.
As Antioch, I feel the need to offer my deepest apologies and condolences to the people and Offshoots of San Raul in advance
As Evie, y'all can get fucked, and you sure as hell are about to
Only nerds think Eidolon is the best Triumvirate cape, it's true.
I'm going to make fun of them for being ugly.
Each and every one, personally and in alphabetical order.
Is there a memorial for Ethan Pesche yet? If there is, I will deface it.
Yeah, exactly.
But there aren't that many Offshoots, so I should be done by New Year's.
Fingers crossed. I don't think any with those letters have been mentioned in-game, yet.
Ah, hell, I'll insult Hops' bike too.
Might as well.
Damn!
I like playing really impetuous characters like Evie and Sina.
I feel like their attitudes go a long way towards giving their narratives momentum, as well as having well-paced sessions.
That's a bit of a toss-up, Fir. I would wager late afternoon or evening?
"Experimental Wolf Man" is just a good combination of words.
I'd name a band that, you know?
Crab claws aren't for stabbing, they're for pinching.
I'll pinch that baby's little cheeks.
Pinch 'em right off I will, nyeh!
I'm impressed at the level video game technology is at during Local's timeframe.
I imagine Seanan is pronounced like Shannon.
I can't tell if you're pulling my leg or serious, which is a good indicator of how goofy the name is.
Hell yeah I am
I'm really looking forward to seeing how this affects the city as a whole.
Evie is the most dickish.
I don't know if Jack is a dick, although he's somewhat of a cock.
I feel really bad about Ted and dragging him into this, OOC.
IC, Evie wants to make him a martyr. The only problem with the Ethan Pesche shooting was that it wasn't a fatal shooting.
It took too long.
And he was martyred to a more nebulous bogeyman than bigotry.
Let's aim for roughly 1:30-2PM CST?
Three to four hours from now?
Cool. I'll pick up dry cleaning, get a haircut and lunch. Worried that having lunch may give me the food sleepies, but should power through it.
1 Guts
Lol. I forgot he had dying doubled down
Damn it.
Wrong link.
Nah. My Madison director
Undine's not that bad.
Director March is going to be everything Cross was supposed to be and better.
Teller's Director.
It'd take no time to throw one together.
Not yet. Don't have my laptop atm.
The only PHO poster that truly represents me is BikeVendor100.
Will be ready to run soon. Haircut was longer than expected.
Administrator for non-numbered departments is what I use too, tubes.
I think there's a tubes expy in the Cleveland PHO threads going by Cylinders.
Not sure who did it. Think the username is where the similarity ends, though?
I'll find the posts when I'm back at my computer.
with authentic bisecting action
Senator Smog should chime in.
Finally ready to run.
Gonna get my laptop set up and stuff.
Nick, could you do me a favor and pastebin me the therapy session?
Bel, let me know when you're ready. I'll run you in #WDCleveland2.
Going to handle the branding preliminary in #WDCleveland and getting Dags up to speed in the afternoon.
Thanks.
You were busted?
I wouldn't necessarily call Khandhas polite.
Freddy dickishly assumes that people are jerks before interacting with them sufficiently, his own experiences colored by his negative attitude. He is impolite.
Freddy hasn't officially joined up yet.
There's still paperwork that needs to be finalized and completed.
If everything goes smoothly, he would join up officially on 12/13/09.
(Tomorrow, in-game, on Monday.)
Freddy never looked in the room wardrobe. There were some random Wards T-shirts and sweatpants and hoodies in there for him to change into. Knuckleball forgot to pen him a reminder that it was there for him to use.
In another world, he could have been "Mouseketeer".
Not afaik.
Maybe Mouse Protector had a sidekick like that.
Mouse Protector quit the Protectorate pretty early on in the game.
I don't even know if she made it out of the Wards, actually. But she was independent for the majority of her career.
Only temporary jail. Plea bargained into being a probationary hero, essentially, along with being essentially the buttmonkey of all of the capes in Berlin.
Just a pariah for the whole city, really.
How do you feel about Beaver Fever as a cape name.
How about Whompin' Stick?
Man, I thought we were over the whole "Foss unnecessarily mentions the wiki" chapter of this server.
Apparently not.
Go eat some humble PI.
Timeskip
Were you invited, spelt? I know TGK sure didn't invite you.
I think it'd be reasonable for you to attend after hearsay, a little late due to information distorted via the grapevine, but I'm also sure you're well aware of how uninvited his presence would be, bearing TGK in mind.
14?
We'll need to implement that function for Journey's campaign.
Makes sense.
A sepa'rat'e peace.
you ever been tazed so hard your belt just unbuckled itself and slipped away
Well done, Dolyn.
Berlin is on the 'read' checkbox twice
And Detroit isn't on the 'are you playing in this one' list
Just sent you a request for edit access.
I read Pueblo :(
I think I fixed it.
OK, try again.
If you already filled it out, I think I fixed it?
It's an optional question
But I can take it off
I guess I can make a copy of the form
For the people who submitted early
And go with that
Here you guys go
Haddon: "You're a big guy."
Jiangjun, muttering while texting: "For you, maybe."
Whoops. Fixed it.
Nick's HOSV campaign.
I hate prequels. They're coarse and gritty and get everywhere.
She's enjoying some quality Friendship Time with Fleetfoot and Lumina.
The table really delivers it. You scroll down and you're like, wow, what a nice power. Lumina is a good girl.
Then you get to the bottom.
Frankly that's quite impressive.
#WDSevenHells
jeeeeeeezus
Richard Harey ruined the DD op, not Khandhas, IIRC>
Nice.
I sure as fuck did
Yeah, Dodger is one of the guys who filed in.
I should have mentioned it to Freddy, but he's not in his white suit, so I guess I don't need to retcon
Feel free to step in and say something, you're probably one of the few people who actually has something meaningful to say about Absynthesis, lol.
Man, that session was crazy
I had to improvise so hard
Gee, what happened to Bel
Thanks for steppin in, Cogo
that's why the faceless kidnapped you too
dice witch
Too bad Quickdraw is dead and cannot provide this service.
Lol, Firlz
That's awfully accurate
I'm glad JJ is here to say his piece.
JJ doesn't drink. He's also a lot younger than you think he is, probably.
Oh, which one, Dol?
And what diagram?
The former
The latter is in an urn, in the casket.
They couldn't really separate the various dead people parts
So there's a lil bit of Sigma in therr
Oh lol they dumped it in the bay
Just hucked it overboard
Haha sorry
I made a new one because some people filled out the old one and couldn't change their response
what nick said
. o O (There are readable logs for Bogota?)
I don't.
I just word count the full document, which counts rolls and shit as well.
It's generally only an excess of 100 or so words, so I'm not too arsed about it.
Is it the chalupas that make you cry in the corner, paralyzed by your own anxiety?
Pitt Bulp vs. Bitt Pulp
Have Valiant marry her mother and become her stepfather, and then have him killed by a cape.
Two birds.
Howdy, Tell
Nope. Taking a break until Thursday night. I'm headed to Minneapolis for a medical devices conference.
If I'm able to get a sample of a prototype biomimetic hydrogel that mimics the surface properties and self-lubrication of articular cartilage, I would be pleased. I don't think it'll happen, but a guy can dream.
I think the TSA would be a little bit leery about bringing it either in a carry-on or checked baggage.
Passover is tomorrow night, Firlz.
I assume the food, etc. is for the Seder meal.
It was pornography.
Sirocco can't detect people with a corona that haven't triggered.
Interesting setup. That's a cool non PRT hero group.
pocket butter
How about Jack, Dolyn?
He's quite villainous.
What about Kian? He burned a man alive.
What about Aimee? She's not villainous, but she seems nice.
What about Reprehensus? He's pretty villainous.
Nope.
Bubberducky
I only buy one kind because it would go bad too fast
I don't have sammiches often though
And I always just get roast beef
Some of the ratings on the Know Where You Live pages on Cleveland and Indy are just dang ol' lies
Some are accidents and some are on purpose
It matters a teensy bit if you want to fight em but the power description is worth more
Slice of lice?
Wash your fucking hair, dude.
Nasty.
Pocket butter > pocket sand
Non's schedule is "not weekends, US afternoons are best". I've never had trouble scheduling him.
Mega, will you be around in roughly 3.5 hours, or is that choir time?
How long does it run?
Not on plane yet. @ airport.
Dum de dum. 1 hr until boarding.
I'm just a normal, law-abiding citizen with no horrific mutations whatsoever, officer.
Sorry, The Hare.
You mean Ssssssssssssaff?
:D
I wonder if I'll get a PHO thread for the Christmas mall fuckery.
That's precisely why, spelt.
It was quite the stroke of dickery, if I do say so myself.
Nah. Just a Changer.
Mr. Potato Head Changer.
So picking and mixing parts has a Tinkerish methodology to it.
It was just a one-off thing -- I can't imagine I could pull it off a second time either, Pink
Race riots are good for business, Spelt.
And business is booming.
Are you going to go on Prince Charming's American Idol ripoff, Pink?
Oh, whoops XD
I'd ask Saff to do it
XD
Turn Cleveland into a novel, haha
I think Ao3 has enough formatting capabilities to upload the logs as they are
But I think I'd give them a good polish if I ever did anything like that
It sure as heck doesn't read like a novel
Boarding time. Seeya later
Damn. No wi-fi on this flight.
Bye for a few hours. Hope I've saved up enough to read.
Guess I'll have to go on American Cape Idol myself. :(
Guess I'll have to publically disgrace Eloise myself. Without you. :(
Hey guys. I'm back from my flight.
Yeah, I read all of San Raul.
I've got a few itching questions now.
Evie has one too.
Indianapolis is upcoming in late June / early July.
Can someone link the apps? I'm on my phone.
Could you link the First Wave doc for me, Nick?
I think some context would help.
The one with the Director dialogue.
Ty!
Bean trading?
I don't think I would implement that Potential thing.
Feels off. Not especially wormish? If you get me?
But I wouldn't trade skills for it, yanno?
I'd let kiddos learn skills like amnesiac Reimann.
Ah, I get what you're saying, Bow.
But I think it ought to be specifically for "I can't take skills that make sense", maybe?
I was actually mulling over a skill growth thing on the flight where if you end up using a certain skill over a certain period of time you could get a pip from practice and use, but I dunno.
The thing about skill granularity is that it needs to be approached from two ends. On one end, you gotta have skills that appropriately represent what a character is capable of such that their actions make narrative sense. On the other, you gotta have 'em so that the GM can say "roll (such and such) for me"? Guh. I can't verbalize what I wanna say here.
Yeah, I think that's a good chunk of it, Pink
I think timescale wise for -most- campaigns milestones can be a little scant
They're rare and reserved for big accomplishments.
For my Norwalk character I just put pips in 'dummy skills' like Journalism and told Saff if it ever came up to be pertinent to some roll I could like roll an extra dice or whatever
Would you say that Katie deserved a milestone for blowing up Malfire?
I'm honestly not 100% sure about that myself, but I'm leaning towards yes?
I wouldn't mind just having actual Job skills as something that isn't codified into the system
And having the GM give extra dice or pertinent information / expertise when it comes up
And ruthlessly murdering people who try to cheese a system like that
Yeah, I've been drawing a lot of inspiration from that lately, Pink
That first sentence really hits the right notes for me, Pink
I know that a character and their skillset is hopelessly intertwined, but I want to approach creation with who they are rather than what they can do, I guess?
Chicken and egg dealio
But I don't wanna make the system inaccessible for those who go the other way 'round
What if the trigger contradicts the character?
I think that the trigger dictates the character to a large extent, Tell, but I have fun filling in the blanks.
It's like being given one of those drawing pages where there's half a face there already.
Hey, uh, vae, as a quick example, let's try this. Jack Voigt is a borderline autistic high school student who is a PHO cape nerd and wants to grow up to be a cape journalist. He triggers with...
Not the best one, but let's pretend I rolled the trigger where his SO kidnapped him and had a bunch of dogs chase him through the woods or something, lol.
Just my luck I'd roll one that fits, haha.
Or the one where the triggeree is a low level gangster who manages a dogfighting ring
LMAO
Oh no I was just pointing to a trigger I remembered
I can point to the draw half a face analogy again
Things that triggers have traditionally dictated (some, not all): age, occupation, gender, marital status, ethnicity, familial situation, and more - those are just more common ones
nah
cotton candy twins
Some triggers just don't work for twins, tho.
^
Simulacrum's trigger might have been written by Nonagon.
We did it!
Nah. Dags has no triggering potential.
He's just a regular drunkard.
Senator Smog vs. Senator Smaug
I've been dinking around with authoring a brief, paragraph-length character concept for a trigger as part of a bidding process as an idea lately. 
Still needs a fuckload of polish, but it's something I've been wanting to try.
Saff's only redeeming features are her compelling character arcs.
!search ruthless
Oh, darn. Blushy's dead.
Thanks, Tell. I'm hoping to figure out where it needs more refining before I put it through its paces.
That thingy.
It was a one-time thing, Saff.
I think she'll have her hands full.
Thought that was gonna be a Mr. Rogers thing.
She's always rock hard, baby.
After Friday
I'm at a conference in Minneapolis for the week
I'll do research for your campaign lol
I'm staying at Commons on East Bank
I look like a high schooler, though
You do that high schooler nose scrunch thing.
Ah, I'm much the same, Bow
I have a tendency to lose my debit card on a semi-monthly basis
I thought I had my shit together, but I lose everything important that I own.
Yeah. It's on my person, right this instant.
I promise I won't leave it in Minneapolis.
Yeah. They like nerds
It's a homing mechanism, you see
That's pretty interesting
Hey Mach
If you're interested in GMing, try reading some campaign logs to get an idea of what it's like
Teller's sufficiently advanced science, Dolyn
Landfill
They're feral creatures, you know. The mutations make them violent and unstable.
The wall should be rebuilt.
If you spit acid and people treat you like a second-class citizen, you should spit acid on them. Let it be known.
It's like the story of Sisyphus, except I'm standing on top of the hill, laughing and pelting the boulder with water balloons of grease.
Here's the mall incident in question.
"You're a big guy."
"For now."
The guy who says "for now" is planning on going on a diet / fitness regimen.
He's such a smart boy. I'm going to ruin him by buying everything he wants and paying a babysitter to take care of him when I'm busy, which is going to be all the time.
Well, you know what they say.
Loose lips something something.
Loose lips suck ducks? Yeah, that's probably it.
*dicks
Maybe that reporter is just Chrome Kendrick in disguise!
You can never be too careful, Purpose.
Vern my dread
We're regular twins, not Siamese ones.
Deputy is ex cop, not pr
lol
She says, after leaving Gigawatt a hostage/prisoner for two days :0
Hey, you can rebrand to Cremator II.
He's in the Birdcage so it's fair game.
Vesuvius isn't bad, either.
Who were they trying to save, lol?
Haha, push and pull
I'm happy enough with the results as they are
I don't think they can pin the whole thing on the Militia here
Especially once those guys get interrogated
"How about a grand slamwich, citizen?"
Poor Ted just keeps getting incriminated by association.
Sordina was jobbing that one, I'm sad to say.
I'm no good in San Raul fights. Like, actual fights? No way. All I'm good at is lying. Copiously and often.
I feel like that was more a combination of luck and choosing a stat configuration that gave me +3 Ath than any tactics / creative power usage.
I don't have that same sense of creative, on-the-fly in-combat maneuvers like Cogo does.
It's all just 'take hostages' and 'threaten the lives of innocent civilians to make the heroes pull their punches' rather than positioning or probing for weaknesses and figuring out the optimal angle of attack, I think.
I don't have that same kind of sense that Non does. What I do (and what I like to do) is hide behind social constructs / expectations.
I do very much like hiding behind +3 Ath, when it's available to me.
There are few better things to hide behind (except, perhaps, +3 Guts).
I can't count that high, Thal. You're gonna have to break it down for me more gently.
You can't just turn two numbers into one number, Thal.
That's fucked up.
Grand Slamwich
The IHOP in my city had spiders in their pancakes once, so I never went back.
ok
That sounds like inspiration for a "Snapper Goes To Denny's" session, Pink.
A crouton is just a bread nugget.
I haven't been to White Castle.
That doesn't really preclude going to White Castle.
There's not a "NO EUNUCHS" sign on the front door.
Does White Castle need spies...?
Man. Fireback seems like the main actor in a "You aren't you when you're hungry" Snickers advertisement.
Gigantic smoky ape beating the shit out of a dude and trashing his car, someone hands her a Snickers, she reverts to human form to eat it, everything's better now.
Fireback wants to break into an ATM. How far will Cashy go to protect their bretheren?
Nah. Robbing a bank is pretty good. All the cool kids are doing it.
Beating the shit out of some rich looking dude also seems fairly profitable.
"I tip eighteen-wheelers, not waiters."
I mean, that does happen. Just not all the time.
Sometimes you get teeth instead. Feature, not a bug.
How's Nola, Cogo?
Nice. What'd you get? Don't think I ever saw your picture.
Nice. That's the good stuff.
you're an allergy mess
The whole shame box channel thing kind of smacks of something weird. Like, I'm not sure if it's you poking fun at yourself or what? Just can't really put my finger on it
I'm going to sacrifice the Hare.
I haven't committed a single crime!
That you know of.
Oh, I didn't plan on attacking you
oh, yeah
Wink's face looks like that moon guy from NiER
He should be a little blockier and taller, I think
Dunno if you can do the portal spear effect
Really, tubes?
I can only think of Larkspur and Quaff off the top of my head.
y
state of mind
it's a yes from me
coulda been billy joel too :p
what's the trigger
so i can get a head start on my idea
yeah
awright
"[12:36:38] <Antioch> I'm going to sacrifice the Hare." I'll help, since his player is the guy who killed Ace and stole all his characters.
A weak something-voyance to incorporate the mover aspect would be p coo
i can hop on my laptop and organize the new gen process if you wanna
I'll handle the suggestions since I have my laptop.
Yes, please.
I've got 4 so far. Does anyone have any more ideas, or should I wrap it up?
Sure thing.
Alright, guys.
I've received 5 powers. Let's discuss and vote.
So, for our first option - the steam and ice shaker/mover
I do like that it touches upon the 'two options' facet of the trigger
And I can see them pull off tricks like Explosivo, but with steam geysers
Overall, I think I like the versatility and opportunity for creative, on-the-fly combat maneuvers that the power seems to be suggesting
I'd maybe add in ice 'walls' or somesuch
Just to give a little more love to the cold side of the power
Anyone else got anything to say about number one?
Alright, let's move on to the second.
Freeze or burn field Shaker.
Reminds me sort of Savannah, that one cape tubes had for Arlington
It might be me being kind of sleepy and out of it, but I'm not sure how I'd tackle this power, as a GM
Any more comments on 2 before we move onto 3?
Alright, let's move onto 3.
Smoke-jumper/flyer.
I'm not sure how I'd handle the pressure zone.
I wouldn't mind buffing therm-o-vision to be able to see people regularly.
It's handy, it's fun, it makes the cape proactive in seeking out situations where they could do cape things.
Any other thoughts?
I think so, but I'm not 100% sure. Probably.
I think the toggle is a choice that won't get made a lot for the cape, because the penalties are too high at the moment
Perhaps lowering the cooldown could help, but I'm still not sure how the pressure zone would be executed
Anything else?
onto 4!
"if you can't stand the heat, get the fuck off my cloud"
The mobility is handy, but I think the smoke blocks have some fun tricks to play with
They're asshole barricades and obstacles
I like how it's technically containment foam, but also saunas the person stuck inside.
Beep beep exploding cloudmobile crash is also fun.
Shall we move on to 5?
I'm interested in the charge conservation mini-game
Where you could theoretically have turns where you ball someone tf out by like dashing behind/next to somebody and exploding them into dangerous terrain (walloped!) and then dashing back
There's more bookeeping involved than I'm usually used to but I think it provides options where you can have consistent OK turns or one alpha strike turn from hell or what have you
Double so because the charges can be spent offensively or defensively
Well, I think I've said my piece
Should we move on to the voting process?
Yeah, I put the revision on the doc
Just vote there
If you're on your phone or something you can post the ones you like here
Alright, is Megafire still around?
IDR how you wanted to handle the luck reroll, Cogo
But now seems to be the time
Reaaallly poofy dresses.
Holy shit, Words
That's fantastic
Yes
I'm behind this all the way
You Wouldn't Fuck The Hindenberg
I've given some though to what music certain characters of mine enjoy listening to.
But I don't know that I'd have any "character songs", as it were, Tell.
Well done, tubes
That's not bad music.
>.>
Also, I have that on my playlist for Cherish.
I think "unpowered character" by themselves can be tricky
They have to have something else going for 'em
A profession that lets them get enmeshed in the narrative
Be it Director, detective, reporter, cape wife
Give Nick a few employees from Parks and Rec, at least.
Can't have them all be from the Office.
Thal, if you had to recreate "The Gang" with Weaver Dice PCs and NPCs, who would you pick, and who would they be analogue to?
Not at all, hit me up
The closest Mac-equivalent in Cleveland I can think of, off the top of my head, is probably Downsize.
Always Sunny in Norwalk provides stiff competition.
20:10 <Dolyn> It's more fun for the players if their actions have consequences for other players, from my experience.
Agreed
You sometimes have to meta why the team stays together or allow for them to split up
And the former is grody to me
Welcome back, Tell
I like giving individual characters their own spotlight
I agree. I suppose I was speaking in the context of WD, which has always been more of an IRC game to me.
I've run IRL WD (with a group, ofc) but it just doesn't quite have that narrative depth.
Might be a me thing.
hmm. how do I mold "your spouse divorces you out of the blue and you do some snooping and it turns out they did it because they got powers and don't need you" into a good trigger?
If #WDJerusalem doesn't have Moshiach ben Joseph, you're doing it wrong.
Depends on how many sessions you wanna do a month, but on the whole, you're right.
Faust, you're looking in the wrong place
The tinker parts are up my ass
Barking up the wrong asshole
Lah-de-dah, how fancy.
Not that I jnow of
Needs a lot of curating, that un
Yeah.
I miss San Diego
Oh?
Nice. Looking forward to it, Saff.
I like having PC-driven events be the main focus of the PRT
I think that's all there is in Cleveland. The NPCs should get some love too
Hmm, I guess I should say that I like the convenience of having PC-driven events be the main focus of the PRT
Less thinking about "oh, is X doing something that'd show up on the incident report"?
Yeah. There's even more regulation and restrictions and sanctions for Wards.
I felt the same way, but Saff's RPing of Cwn Annwn as a mentally unhinged girl in her late teens hesitantly joining the Protectorate after they reach out far too late, then acclimating to the drastically different environment / hierarchy while dealing with her neuroses has really turned me around.
A good Protectorate / Wards cape has to have issues that put them at odds against the organization, personal goals that exist outside of the institution, the capacity for meaningful growth and development *in spite* of the PRT, such and such, IMO
Not sure if my phrasing is correct on some of those thoughts, I'm kind of discombobulated
The player uses as a breather, or the GM?
The issue therein is that a character needs to engage in meaningful conflict
And the conflict that being in the Protectorate or Wards provides is more institution-driven than character-driven
So there needs to be personal conflicts that stem from other sources
Fighting Crystal Chomp and Sparkplug on a routine patrol doesn't have any narrative oomph to it, even if you're picking a fight
Trying to get out under the thumb of your emotionally manipulative parents might, though
Like, I'm really enjoying Cwn's story post her joining the PRT
But it's been largely her dealing with all of this personal baggage
And less clawing shit up for her new boss
As a 14-year-old kid, if I had superpowers and somehow got pressganged into the Wards, I'd probably lean towards the "shit yeah, the government pays me to beat the shit out of bad guys"
And not fret overmuch about the ethics of it
Who's they, and what don't they?
Oh, the goverment paying me
Took me a little bit, sorry
Yeah, it's essentially minimum wage and an untouchable trust fund
For kid me, the being allowed to beat the piss out of some stranger with powers would be coinage enough
Right, yeah, tubes
I think it's doable, but there needs to be more thought and consideration
I think that a well done ward would encounter a lot more internal conflict than external
The physical fights don't have that much stakes, more often
I can think of specific scenarios that make for a good Ward
I also think it's a question of proactivity
A routine patrol -can- be interesting, yeah
But the onus is on the GM, not the player, to make it interesting
And there *needs* to be more opportunities for the player to make things interesting for themselve
sez the guy who plays slither
Nah, I get you
Sometimes you just gotta beat the shit out of some goons. But what are the stakes? What are you getting out of it more than "well, this is my job now, so I gotta do it"
SS isn't bad
She creates her own conflict
A cape at odds with their teammates is something that I'd want to run
Yeah, the pre-Wards vigilantism is another good facet to it
More the latter, n0us
Who's entertainingly unsympathetic, tubes?
Like, actual Nazis, or Indiana Jones Nazis?
u_u
I like playing unsympathetic characters in general, to be fair.
^
Starting out in the Protectorate / Wards is butts
You gotta get that personal character development in first
Like, five or six sessions worth
I fear that Vigilante Verdict wouldn't have pulled enough punches to be considered for the Wards by the time they caught up to her
"Your dad was a local hero who went to fight Leviathan, and you were their kid and biggest fan. They died in the attack, but what's worse, the local branch of the Fallen hijacked the local football stadium and broadcasted a big thank-you to Leviathan for ridding their city of your dad, calling it divine judgment for trying to defy the will of the
Endbringers. They turn it into a huge spectacle, mocking and jeering. Trigger."
I'd probably run that as a Ward from the get-go, there's enough material there to work with, but for most cases, nah
How do ya mean?
In-universe, I think reaching out to the Protectorate / Wards is a step that makes sense for a nontrivial amount of freshly triggered capes
Night, Saff
But in WD, it's often not the option that ends up being the most fun
@ Teller - I could see a freshly triggered Verdict losing her patience or just stumble upon some guy who's this absolutely abhorrent criminal and go full fucking ham on him, branching into joining the Wards and realising the sanctions in place choke her agency and breaking the leash
"Oh jeez my car just got smashed and i have super powers I guess I better teleport home over and over again instead of calling the cops"
... why this one, in particular?
I think you're kind of derailing the conversation, anywho
The shorter version of it is that for a few characters, not joining the Protectorate / Wards off the bad feels like sort of an ass pull
It's the most sensible thing to do, for that character as written, in that situation as written
And while that might be the in-character thing to do that makes the most sense, joining the Protectorate or Wards right off the bat is generally a decision that doesn't lead to exciting gameplay
That is literally what I just said, yes
Not necessarily
I'm thinking that it's a problem that ought to be resolved by putting more work into the character write-up
Statistically speaking, there are more villains than heroes to a nontrivial degree
"[21:15:07] <Antioch> hmm. how do I mold "your spouse divorces you out of the blue and you do some snooping and it turns out they did it because they got powers and don't need you" into a good trigger?" You're an abusive spouse who is mad your spouse got away.
And I'd like to give that some consideration
Ooh, that's a neat twist on it, Non
Like, if you're making a character that's well-adjusted and going into the Protectorate as their first recourse
It doesn't, well
Alright, so
You know how the shards go and pick out people in advance
Because they're like "hey, this person looks like they're of the right disposition to get into a lot of conflicts"
I try to keep that in mind when I'm making a character
Varies, by and large
Oh, you were replying to Faust
I don't think most people's intentions for joining the protectorate are using "I'm frothing at the mouth and I want to KILL!" as their main motivation for joining
Hyperbole aside
Faust's point is valid and makes a good deal of sense
I don't think that the shard is driving people to join the Protectorate in any sense
If anything it's peripheral factors in their life that lead them to do so
Anyways, I think we're drifting off again
I'm saying that PC characters that start off in the Protectorate / Wards tend to be bland and not fun to run
I wouldn't really do that either, unless they're really low-tier in the orgs
Have their first session be "prove yourself to X group", at the very least
^
It's almost an apples and oranges thing
There's no sanctions in place if you go off the rails for some gang or betray them
Besides the ones that you could feasibly fight through
Even if you're in a biggish gang you still have the choice of doing whatever the fuck you want without it damning yourself, if you're clever enough about it
I think you're asking the wrong questions
To what end?
I think the distinction is pretty, well, distinct
And if you can't see the difference between joining an illegal criminal organization and joining the PRT, then I don't really know what to tell you
Yeah. It'd be really interesting to see her struggle in the face of those disadvantages, though.
Verdict driven into a corner, civilian identity already outed, maybe. Could be a completely different beast.
Read the San Raul Metamorphose/Cocoon sessions for PCs joining the Elite
There's literally no hand-holding
The two organizations are separated by a massive gulf
The Elite isn't incentivized to maintain dead weight, whereas the PRT try to take on everyone, and if they're unsuited for X department, they're shipped off to some podunk nowhere town
"This is my fleshy backpack. It keeps me mad and strong, all day every day."
Oh jeez
You're missing this huge piece of the picture here
Cape groups exceeding a certain size fall apart as a matter of course
The ones that don't are receiving capes from Cauldron to keep them stable
Capes are volatile creatures
For each one you take on, you have to cross-check them with every extant cape in your organization that they'll be interacting with
^
Another good point
On the 'villains think all capes are valuable' -- even if you're the boss of some tiny cape gang called Colfax Block Coffins, you want to really make sure that this sneak-ass Tinker bitch, Claymore is gonna be worth more than she costs your gang, is she going to try for a coup, is she gonna undermine you in front of your men, is she going to go too hard and
break the unwritten rules and bring the heat on your head
etcetera etcetera
The dumbasses that hire every single cape that falls into their lap deserve the messy end they have coming
It's a decent rule of thumb to live by, when you're considering maximum organization size
The thing about the PRT's handholding is that unless there's a legitimate ongoing crisis, everything they send you at is going to be low-risk
"Hey, the Tinker Golden Grapnel is robbing a jewelry store downtown. Here's exactly where it is and here's what we know about his power."
And if you fuck up to the point where you get badly hurt then it's on them
Low stakes, low reward, low impact
Why are you making that comparison when you don't know the details of the group?
Yeah, that's a good way of putting it, Non
The point I'm trying to make is that you gotta make a cape that's more about following orders
I think we're all in agreement that allowing opportunities for PCs to take their own initiative as much as possible is a good and right thing
My secondary point is thus: there are a hecka lot more opportunities to do that if the PC joins a gang (even a big, structured one!) than if they join the PRT
Yeah. The PRT director is the best way to have a PC involved in the PRT
Because they're at the top of the chain of command
And the issues mentioned with initiative prior don't stand
Navigating a cutthroat corporate hero team where your salary is dictated by your performance and popularity and merchandise licensing is also a very fun and interesting way to go the hero route while still having some level of support
Yeah, I do dig the small town stuff
I keep wanting to do that but I keep having big city ideas
It's been an interesting discussion largely on how volition on the part of the player is a vital component of interesting gameplay, and the GM maximizing opportunities for the character to exercise volition
^
That's been an interesting case
I think that Div's character could have been going to some anti-establishment punk band sorta dealio
Yeah
One more session of being cripplingly stifled by the Wards before she frickin loses it
And goes nuts and gets scooped up by Malfire or something
Aww, shit, ganked by the Local Faceless equivalent
morn all
Pretty good. Thinkin about a finite-state impedance ankle controller
Woof woof
Oh wait, I goofed. That's the one I'm using already. Wanted to add a time-variant function to it
I saw a Big Pimpin presentation that measured the varying impedances and stiffnesses of a natural ankle along the dorsiflexion-plantarflexion / inversion-eversion planes and I was wowed
The way your muscles go, they change their springiness while you walk. They measured the springiness through a basic walking pace. Now I can use that information to make my robot ankle's motor act like a fake spring that can change its stiffness and equilibrium point so that it tracks a natural pace far more accurately.
I've only considered pneumatics
Slander
Woo! Let me know if you want me to help clean them.
Might be Vern. I use pastebin.
Is berlin happening today?
I like that a lot, Tell.
Woo!
Which one?
Maybe they want the local electrokinetic to taze them into submission
And become their nemesis or groupie
I think there's room to play around. Throwing themselves into fights for that rush, for the risk of getting hurt
It doesn't really give me a lot of oomph. Like, it works, but it doesn't razzle me, you know?
That's not bad
Electric Horse
Thunderpony
Gladius was the opposite of kill happy.
Capo II has been non-kill happy.
Capo II has been a cape for 14 years.
In every session he's been in, he's resolved things peaceably.
I think WD NPCs aren't very kill happy.
The majority of them, that is.
Even with the cops and robbers dynamic breaking down as the city's status quo is upset, I think that most NPCs don't intend on finishing every fight with a death.
Going over PC deaths, though, oftentimes it's the PC that oversteps the bounds of the game.
I think that the NPCs that will kill without hesitation are rarer than those who don't
It's easier to list the exceptions
PCs dying to NPCs generally make sense
It's not like some random asshole decided to murder you out of the blue
Nice Sicol session.
You can start a harem.
We'll get into catty arguments whilst being chained to the wall.
I like Azz. She seems to know what's up.
If only Candela were here to swoop in and save him.
What stats does Caul have + in?
Is it like Rainbow Idol who dumped all of her stats and put those points into the hidden eighth stat, "Grackle"?
Moxie is strictly better, though.
Can Titz sing?
I think only birds will come out.
Whew, I'm finally back home.
Curious question for GMs
Do you feel you dictate the pacing of your sessions, or do your players? Is it a split, like 8-2, 6-4, 5-5?
I feel like as of late, I have more agency in the pacing of a given session as a dynamic, impetuous character
I think it's a question of methodology
Hey, JustLurking / Turncoat, would you mind terribly if I took a gander at that Tinker table?
12:18 <Jyggalag> I like to imagine stranger powers have a bit of an exotic smell to them
smells nice
I think QoL down -can- be done well, IMO.
Just tougher to think of in some cases.
Haha, the caption for Fireback's most recent session is great.
"In which Fireback rages against the machine."
Whew, that's a lot of rolls.
He's the time-traveling future counterpart of Frollo, the antagonist from the Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Yeah, but she pulled through with clever tricks in the end
So I think that's a pretty good example
CoGo's last Cleveland session was pretty rough, rolls-wise, as well.
"Argh, I am so fucked, I'm going to have to wait 30 minutes for the Protectorate to pick me up instead of murdering this guy with my lightning bolts."
"Game over, GG, no re."
Stonewalled by your own funeral, no less.
The wheel weaves as the wheel wills.
Parts removed from Feral decompose into bio-slop seconds after it's separated from her body, sorry folks.
That's a good way to get prion troubles.
Huh, weird
Same cape
The premise of an infinite organ donor is neat, but the shard probably doesn't think it's too great
Would be tougher to transplant them, if the incision is uneven
Gosh, I didn't think I could play a character worse than Cody Chang, but here I am.
At least your reaction is indicative of the fact that I'm playing the Toxic Personality flaw well, I suppose.
On that subject, I wouldn't mind scheduling a Cody thing with you sometime, Pink. I'm busy for the next few weeks, but my schedule is flexible.
sssss
It is dark. You are likely to be triggered by a Striker.
I'm not seeing the stranger aspect of it
I might do something more esoteric than skill, too
Time pressure is a great issue
Killing civilians will generally bring down a lot of heat.
Maybe not everyone going after you, but heroes will be a lot less willing to pull their punches, and if word gets around that you're a killer, the villains will put you in the ground and not risk dealing with a murderer, more often than not, IMO.
I can see a primary Thinker with a Breaker form that overclocks the power temporarily as a 'push' effect.
If gen is stalling, I'll chip in with a power.
Are we still rolling?
Want me to come up with something or nah?
There's my submission for iri's Mpls power
Guess I'll PM it to Lurks
Very late, but I like the Detroit cape ISOLATOR
What's up, Mega?
I had some concerns regarding SCG favoring action posts over thought/intent posts, so we're reworking it with that in mind.
The outcome should still be unsatisfactory for Mendez, more than likely.
Yeah, but for me, action is just a tool to be used for the narrative
I'll gladly write an action session, but there needs to be worthwhile stakes. The why is just as important as the how.
You dare show your face in here again
Still pretty sad that your Aqua Regia character never got off the ground. I've NPCed her, by the way.
If it's me doing it, it's not intentionall
Hey Nonagon. Do you have the pastebin of your proposed Threaten skill rework?
Thanks man.
The usual die bonus gets turned into a die penalty for the threatened victim, if I'm reading it right.
Mirrors things nicely. I was mulling over how to tie in social skills into the morale system earlier today.
And I think that Threaten is the first step in doing so.
I like Non's approach to things more but I think it'd need to come hand in hand with allowing players to have more skills, or have the opportunity to learn them as they progress through the game outside of milestones
One bonus die is roughly equal to a +1 in a stat. Infinity bonus dice is roughly equal to a +2 in a stat.
I think that's how it goes?
As it stands right now, I would argue that the mechanical gulf between skilled and unskilled is pretty vast, and it's the first bonus die (and therefore the first pip) that's the widest.
Then people have to invest really deep into skills to have them be worthwhile... hrm. Not sure how to articulate my thoughts.
I want to see the breadth/depth tradeoff dichotomy in skill investment for the game
Yeah. Frequency at which any given skill is used should factor in to mechanical strength and investment value, to a lesser extent
I think most of them you can't double up on.
IIRC, Armor is the only one you can?
What are you, Smeagol
They'd have to accurately classify you first, but I imagine once they did and you were an issue, they'd prefer to focus you over other capes.
I'm excited to see your directorship in Minneapolis, Nick.
Not going to thank me for my glowing and illustrious text messages? :P
We don't even put diced tomatoes on our tacos in the Voigt household.
You committed a fool's error.
Then again, we don't really put spice on the ground beef, short of the store-bought instant packets, so maybe you did make the right call.
Did you get my pastebin
For iri's gen suggestion?
coo
rip
Ooh, Sicol. 
San Raul and Tallahassee are good fun.
Pioneer, make a phone call? Ravel, you must be crazy
:P
I made one more suggestion
:|
To iridium's gen
But I think the new gen process has a lot more inertia
Takes a great deal of effort to un-stall it
He was not.
TBF, I had your drill breaker power and did the hit and run blitz thing, and he was a Brawn based Strongarm character
It was more just response times than combat actually being slow
The fight was six rounds, I think
Let me count them
Eight rounds
Yeah, ColdGold's been doing good work with that power
It makes combat pretty interesting
We act as one.
We write as one.
Nick is doing his own thing, I'm assisting Saff with a Norwalk session.
Fitting last words.
Not as cool as AceofSpade, who was brutally ripped from us by that fiend Clawford
_seen Ascalon
Hey Sor.
I received and enjoyed your Indianapolis application.
I would be interested to talk about it too, Nick / Dolyn
Curious to see where it diverges from the movie, etc
#broadway ?
OLED is the Other Carly
Saff is Carly Prime
Soren is Sawtooth Carly
Texas Roadhouse Employee
bitt bolp
You could join the Parliament of Pollution
They would probably make you change your name to something dumb like Smokestack though
Be Miss Oilslick's rebound
resist until scion arrives
Who were the two sandwich themed capes that I jokingly mentioned that would have wanted to recruit her?
Po'boy and... Submarine? Gyro?
I don't think Hoagie would get along with Footlong.
There's also no hygiene in the sky!!
We've seen her eating.
No word on whether it's voluntary, but we've seen it.
Nah, some noodles?
if you wish upon a fist
makes no difference who you, uh
I really like Pioneer's power.
Claire could be a great mascot for the Yangban
"Look! An exemplar of the American capes! Weak, sniveling, useless! But we are strong, disciplined! Yangban qian!"
Yeah. I take one or two negative facets of my personality and instill them into my PCs to give them realistic flaws.
It makes it really easy to get into the right headspace.
All of my current active characters have something like that, except for the Harmacist. It takes me a little more work to get into his headspace.
Faust, in Norwalk. I'm guest GMing for Saff because Faust is making a deal with Toybox.
Just as a guest.
It's a one-off thing.
Also, aren't you already dead in Norwalk?
:P
When you die in Norwalk, you die in real life
00:36 <Nick|GM> Kian has conviction
No, I think he's a convict.
I'm really glad I get to run a campaign in the timeskip closer to the end.
I've been wanting to capture that grimmer tone, and how different people approach and cope with what feels like the end times are coming.
What are your concerns? Are they meta concerns, something I might be able to address?
Mind shooting me a pastebin / Gdoc? I'll try to keep them in mind as I'm doing more work on the setting.
Sure, there's no rush.
I think some of the stuff we discussed was the PR aspect of things? I know there were some concerns re: Quaff.
I'm a great deal happier with the PR stuff after hashing things out with Tell -- the whole PC director thing has me feeling more confident about the depth of the campaign, and the direction.
confident / comfortable.
Ah, I got you
Gutsy, Ravel!
Even gutsier. :P
Harden up your own body. Gear Fourth.
Night, all.
whaty
hap bun day
y'know, i can't really think of any rabbit-themed capes
oh duh
i kept thinking of pierre from twig and losing my train of thought
hahahaha
It makes GMing multiple sessions at once a cinch.
No. I think Saff is an anthropomorphic version of those wrist support 'breast' mousepads.
Three bears in the same overall, or three bears with each their own overalls?
????????
Also, Saff, you're up on the Queendoc.
Oh, I see. Four overalls in total, one really big one.
Got it. I was imagining some topological monstrosity. The ur-verall.
How rude.
They'll kill each other. It will be OK.
Probably doing Easter stuff
Mystery pills are better than the pain of a broken limb, generally speaking.
Especially when you've had some time to stew on it.
Write it as a trigger
Nope, think it's Bows.
How's the Easter meal, Pink?
Nice.
Sina's a lot more Sina than she is Einstechen, to be fair.
I think local is pretty extraneous / is more of a bother if confirmation is a thing barring really serious stuff like the Brockton Bay Ground Zero tag
And then there'll be a special tag
hi..... friendo
I think it's fun in a meta sense as a barometer to gauge the channel's thoughts about the game
But I agree that it can get too unrealistic, left unmoderated
I don't think it contributes a great deal to the narrative, but it contributes some stuff to the audience, I think
A degree of interactivity with the campaign, with the possibility for disseminating public knowledge in a different format
Yeah, I get that
I think I'd be happy with a few certain players doing so, but not all of them
That's a lot of hospitalized uncles.
The ur-uncle.
By virtue of how we do things in this channel / community, yeah, any PHO thread is going to be insular to the city
I imagine the same goes for Betamax.
I think vander has had an IRC chat for MEgaphone's sessions in Talla
It's more about the content than the format.
GN Saff. Good luck.
Would you mind terribly if I use 'Johnny Spitzlightning' as a cape name somewhere along the line, Pink?
It's very good.
Thank you.
I felt the opposite, Zane.
I think it was explicitly stated that the Bet tech curve was slightly ahead.
Also, Taylor's dad is nearly a Luddite.
I have the notes for the Paris campaign, but, well, they're Eris's notes
So I don't think they'll be of any use
We could ask AceofSpade, who's French, but he's dead now and gone forever.
It's demons all the way down, tubes.
2:45 AM <Antioch> "Bitch," he mutters, and he's large enough that it's a low rumble. "You don't disrespect Crankshaft."
As far as recent TV stuff goes, I like The Good Place and The Get Down, but I think the latter is a Netflix exclusive
Watching old stuff like White Collar and The Wire is more my 'background TV' option, usually
I will not, even though you asked politely.
Now Nonagon's ghost will curse you to your dying day.
What is it, Saff?
!
I think you just missed the boat on Minneapolis.
"You can have this extremely delicious sandwich -- the best of its kind -- but only if you swear fealty to the Great Ziz."
Pretty OP.
Damn. That was a good one.
Thanks.
Uh, are all of your dates off by one?
The 25th is a Tuesday, IIRC.
Yeah, I think they are.
Cool.
I feel like Schuyler's death was a joint effort between us.
 Oh ahaha oh jeez
Old vials
Blitzkrieg no less
The naughtiest of the lot
Ya scoundrel.
I'm having a hecka lot of fun with this Toybox sesh.
I've made him roll it here and there.
It's Power Incontinence, right?
Yeah. He nailed the Soc rolls I gave him.
No need to fret.
His dog will maul an innocent yet.
It just has to be Index. Cashy is biding its time.
Ach. Now you have a trophy. I'll need that back.
I think what Mishie was saying yesterday night struck the right notes for flaw design philosophy.
A flaw should emphasize suboptimal but narratively interesting gameplay over mechanical penalties.
Granted, those mechanical penalties could be used to encourage players to play to their flaw, but it's secondary.
Doing good, Vern.
Rapere, the vertiporter?
I may be misremembering, but I think Bow said something about him being able to blink 500 ft up.
I'm tinking Thinker.
Oh, sorry, I was just spoonerizing what you said, Tell. I haven't had a chance to give this power gen a good sit-down-and-think.
4 gets my vote.
Oh? I know Cwn got nodded at once or twice, didn't realize there was any beyond that.
Woo! More Ravelin'.
I think Amp. Queen has been mentioned in Detroit.
Toil and travel
Rubber tum and rubber navel
Ouch. That not-rhyme hurt me
I took structural integrity two semesters back, my gaskets are fine
Sorry, I'm on my phone
Index is rolling hot!
Finial's probably still doing okay! He's a trooper.
Hmm. I was almost ready to do the vertical A M B O O Z L E D but realized it would be the wrong channel for such antics.
I'm guest-GMing for Saff's Norwalk campaign, and accidentally mixed up her NPC "Dark Ensnare" with "Dark Reprise".
I was like... Dark E, Dark something? Dark Enterprise? Oh, must be Dark Reprise.
Dark Schuyler
Dark Candela sounds rather paradoxical.
I like it, though.
Quick, Bow, change your name back to normal to make everyone think Saff's crazy.
I've been toying with a gaslighting Master/Thinker concept to keep in the pocket for a future trigger, but I'm wonky on the mechanics of it, and I worry it might be tough on the GM in the same sense that a psychometry power or sin detector power might be, as far as GMs having to come up with some stuff on the fly.
Figuring out the beliefs / history / memories of a gaslit NPC, I suppose?
I guess it doesn't have to be that in-depth.
Could just suggest new things, contradict old ones as they're brought up
But then it just feels like a "you believe the things I say" Stranger thing that gets bandied around every so often
noice
good sesh, faust
no prob. i had a frickin blast
I can't believe you'd besmirch the nugs, Cogo.
Any breaded meat oblong is a good breaded meat oblong.
Oh, I've been there, ixi.
I went on SCG's recommendation while I was in Minneapolis for business last week.
It was neat, architecturally speaking. The 'wander through the bathroom into another bar' thing was nifty. Was kind of slow, though (went on a Wednesday).
Dolyn is the one who's plant-y of fun.
I have those forms, Thal.
That
That's a session quote if ever I saw one
"Don't underestimate how little I know about houses."
Sicol Bend
o7
Why don't you try Koto, Interstice, or Lumina?
Double sixes
Let me know if you need any clarification on Lumina's mechanics. Point me to the channel and I'll chime in as needed.
y,eah::: de;fini'"tley.
It's close to full. Aren't you just missing a leg module?
Lots of new faces today, it seems.
Unlimited bun works
That poor house.
Try to avoid getting to Acceptance, Lex.
That's roughly where Schuyler died.
Good double entendre
There are/should be penalties for automatic fire, IIRC.
Auto/semiauto.
Cumulative -1 with each shot beyond the first, I thought?
Might have been my house rule, but I like it. Makes sense, w/ recoil increasing on every shot.
There are no fair matchups
Nah, those sessions aren't lost, they're just secret
My schedule's kind of wibbly-wobbly with thesis work and finals and shit, so it's a maybe from me.
Errr, did you ask Teller for per---
Yeah, what Proth said.
Hooray!
I'm off for the night, folks. Later.
Good morning, everyone
Yeah, how dare you ogle her butt
I was just listening to that song.
You have your very own Coil!
Would you pass up a chance to scope out that 10/10 booty?
I think not.
Wow, I completely misread what Dolyn said.
"It takes a real villain to jerk it out to Rain of Despair."
dingdonghadron - Just me being a slacker in keeping the big WD campaign doc updated.
Then you would have had a mysterious internet stranger helping you out.
Wait, Index got grabbed too
You too, Thal?
Putting a bow on an otter makes sense as a baseline, tbh.
A cream-faced loon, maddened by the rays of the sun, could amble up to me, screaming, frothing with spittle, "YOU GOTTA PUT THIS BOW ON AN OTTER, MAN, SAVE THE LITTLE GUY FROM THE MIND CONTROL RAYS BEING BROADCAST BY THE GOVERMENT'S CHEMTRAILS," and I'd be like, yeah, I feel it man, your will be done.
This one doesn't have a bow, but it's good regardless.
WHOMST
Bomb Collar's about her age, I think.
They'd be a good couple, surely.
I think incoherent murderous rage is somewhat different from despair.
Hey Sor.
The benefactor being PRT would be some next level shit, haha
Well, he says he's a Tinker :p
Maybe he's pulling some Einsicht shit
I'm crossing fingers that Mega matches wits with Index's benefactor.
That'll be a neat little game of cat and mouse.
Kill the spare.
I think Skidmark's more representative of the No Respect flaw, personally?
It's less something embarrassing happening in the character's past and more something overarching that follows them, something fundamental about their personality and nature and attitude and disposition.
One chit of bad rep does not the 'No Respect' flaw make.
Also, "13:47 <fossil> Also I will be taking a stab at doing a web series for Capes who are just starting off with vaegrim. When he shows up that is."
I'm confused about your implementation.
At the start, it seems like you're saying like you're actually going to be running something like that
Whereas now it seems like it's a part of his backstory.
... right. Sure.
I'm not opposed to simple scenarios for newcomers, but framing it in a 'TV show' sort of sense definitely feels wrong to me.
Yeah, I think I know what you're talking about, DDH.
Back before I knew about WD, I used Exalted 2e as a foundation for my homebrew, and it helped.
Oh, darn.
I don't think I have the programming cojones to put together something like that, but I could write scenes for a hypothetical thing of that sort.
Yeah, ix, I tried my hand at some module construction in the past, some folks might remember my attempt at Terre Haute.
Wouldn't mind assisting you if you wanted to make a WD version, DDH.
Main concern is that the rulebook isn't comprehensive yet, so there may be gaps and patches.
Better'n nothing, though.
Pf, I did intro modules way before you did.
Once I'm done with thesis work I can write up some simple scene scripts, if they're wanted.
Plenty of notes I can pull from.
It's on github now, seems like.
I can use this as a baseline to write stuff if someone'll help me with the coding of it. Later, though. Got a lot on my plate.
Will do.
I'm taking things easier until the semester's over.
Pretty much.
2 arcs, 2 months. Pretty doable, in the summer.
Was throwing the idea around, is a maybe, Thal.
A little too psyched for Indianapolis, maybe.
Cool. I'll be home in a few, after lunch.
I feel like picking 'Icon' needs some additional descriptor / input from the player.
I'd prefer to see 'Icon' as... let's say you have a weapon you use, and it's designed in a unique way that differentiates it from similar weapons.
If you use it often enough, people will start to recognize you by it.
Yeah. To Pink.
To Turn, only ineffectually. The amount of torque the human neck can output is not enough to do real damage.
When you headbutt, you're throwing your entire upper torso into the motion.
A pecking motion is more neck-only, at least from where I'm standing.
Yeah. The rep stuff of the costume design part is where I find it clunky.
I think the armor / protection from X damage / extra pockets / glider suit flap wings / whatever work fine enough as-is.
'Emblem' makes more sense. If you're joining, just as an example, Blackjack, you can get a suit of spade icon on your costume, and it piggybacks off of the extant reputation of the organization.
But... I'm scratching my head on a good 'Icon' costume example.
Running my head through various NPCs, one moment.
Triumph's lion hat might be an icon example??
I think it's more that you're putting points into making a genuinely interesting design.
Which detracts from the efficacy of the costume, in a utilitarian sense.
Even so, realistic examples where that comes into play seem a little lacking.
Having a shitty name doesn't give you extra armor / having a good name doesn't give you less.
That said, I'm still not tickled by Icon as a purchasable.
Slapping the Batman logo on your chest doesn't make your armor less armor-y.
I don't mind the equipment system as a means of mechanically simplifying costume qualities.
That said, I think that the system as it stands now pigeonholes certain paths in costume design.
I set aside the costume design system for Dol's 'making a costume' minigame/session/thingy in Indianapolis, barring a glance at it to ballpark costs, and just added some mechanical benefits once we were done hashing out the details IC.
And I understand that not every character is gonna want to do that.
I guess Dol's huge honkin' angel wings are impractical but iconic, insofar as she doesn't need them to fly at all, and just sort of get in the way but look damn impressive.
Re: what Pink said about the Hitler 'stache, that's sorta covered by the Unique costume property
Where good rep sticks around longer but so does the bad
But the line between that and Icon is a little blurry for me
In, like, a sociocultural sense
And we pretty much spitballed that one, right?
Was back with the old rulebook, though.
Evenin, Bow.
I just write down what I want the costume to look like and then pick out the features that seem to fit with the design.
Like, Einstechen's costume is a black dress she worked on at home, with silver fabric on the dress in a corkscrew pattern to make it look like a drill, and it's long enough to conceal her unsteady gait / prosthetic leg.
I like the idea of integrating reputation with costume properties (if it's cool or unique or whatever obviously you're going to make more of an impression, and certain costumes can look more threatening or more approachable) but bringing the point buy system into it sometimes feels like there are trade-offs being made that don't necessarily make sense in a
realistic context.
I kinda get what you're saying.
A resourceless kid in his basement can choose to put work towards making a kind of shitty homemade costume, and then they're forced to choose between making it look good or provide effective protection, and that makes sense, and what you said about the higher tiers make sense too. Once you're shelling out enough cash, it's like, well why not spray paint a
dang logo on the thing? Might as well.
Right, because they're Tinker-exclusive, generally speaking, yeah?
A bacteria dress. How cozy.
I worry that my mental path is treading towards inherent reputation mechanics for any given power.
Is overcomplicated and generally not a great idea. Just popped into my head.
 -- e.g., wasn't it Spitfire who said (paraphrasing) "There are only two kinds of people in this world. Those that are flammable, and those that aren't. Burning either is a shitty idea."
I guess the 'Stylish' power perk sort of touches on that.
That's a very Booty Shorts thing to say.
Yeah, I agree, tubes
I think most of the stuff I was thinking of end up getting handled by the power perks/flaws
Like Meat Tentacle or Plants That Smell Like Dead People.
MM is a good example because her rep stuff ties into the gun rep stuff
So she's fighting an uphill battle versus a dangerous rep
Yeah.
Good old Meat Carnival.
Beautiful Gilded Pearl Changer/Brute
Two of those are Cauldron, though, so I dunno how representative that is.
I knew a Hadley once.
We were on homecoming court together in 9th grade.
That's what happened to Targe. :(
Oh boy.
It takes a great deal of effort to 'get' another character with an existing voice.
I had a tough time, while borrowing Nat from Saff.
Nah. If I was GMing, it'd probably feel off.
I'd be uncomfortable, in the same way that I would feel uncomfortable realizing that Snapper was just a bug creature wearing human skin.
I can think of a few players I would trust for certain characters. But it's a very short list.
I would trust Nonagon to play Explosivo.
I would trust Pink to play Evie.
I don't know if I would trust anyone to play Schuyler or Einstechen.
Teller's too busy being Cassette to be Helen.
I look forward to instigating more racial atrocities.
Which one of those statements are you agreeing with...?
Like, in conjunction with each other?
CG is definitely the most Hops-y.
I could see Saff being Dark Verdict.
The Masked Sin Avenger.
What aspects would I be handling?
Heh. Thanks.
The rest, presumably.
@ Nonagon - My Fort Town character. Your playstyle and approach towards combat is very similar to how I play him. (He is the building bomber multi-trigger with the Shaker/Move/Brute power that Bow made.)
I could get the surface characteristics, sure. Not sure about the grit of it, but I would enjoy the opportunity to play a trollier type of character.
I put way too much of myself into Schuyler to commit him to any other hands.
Evie's the second most 'me' character.
I don't have enough chill in me to play Michael.
Thalia is making a 4/20 joke.
Here's my estimate, Firlz. A paying player gets one session per week, six hours minimum a week, hmm. If I really wanted to make a job of it, I could run multiple players at once, but I think I'd cap out at eight. I'd charge $300 monthly for the player, under those circumstances.
And that's $2400, if I have eight players, which is respectably livable.
Heck of a lot more than a WoW subscription, though. Is not very economical, for the player.
Even if they theoretically get 24 hours of entertainment in the month.
It'd be hard to find players who were willing. Sixteen players, same hours, but one session every two weeks, might be more feasible, costs halved. All that said, it still feels like a strenuous workload for me.
Even if I had nothing else on my plate, I don't think I'd bite.
I also wouldn't enjoy giving play priority to paying players. >.>
'tis a silly business model.
Oh, on the subject of who I'd trust to play my characters, hmm. I don't know if anyone could play Cody. He's not as 'me' as Evie or Schuyler, but he's a caricature of me. I think Cogo might could.
Saved up for tomorrow, probably.
Wait, what?
It took a while for some characters to get 'smooth' for me.
Near the end, Schuyler was essentially a self-piloting entity, though.
I had my responses ready near straightaway.
Evie's starting to get smooth, now that I've established her as a self-serving pathological liar.
I think Lensdoc and Jill are my two favorite characters of yours, Pink.
Yeah. I like the insight you give into her thought process. It makes GMing her smooth as well.
( @ Non. )
On the subject of 'smoothness' though, I'm really appreciating the fact that a -lot- of my NPCs are smooth now.
I'm very happy about it.
Yeah. There's a lot more show and a good bit less tell, when it comes to NPCs, which makes things more fluid.
I think I can see that, Nick. Your PCs are all really strong.
Above that, the way you write them makes it really easy to empathize with them.
He GMs Pueblo.
I really like Strat, Pink.
His attitude and dialogue in particular.
tleplous
is a curious thing!
makes one man weep, makes another man sing!
Change a heart to a little white dove
More than a feeling, that's the power of love!
I didn't make that power, lol
He has a stone angel Changer form that grows brittle spikes. When he sticks someone with those spikes, it makes them euphoric
I think he's not nearly as sturdy.
Some would argue they are one and the same.
A righteous fear of the Lord is the truest joy a human can experience.
It's cool that they have similar triggers and similar powers, even if the gens were distanced by a little more than two years.
I did, yeah.
And Bow contributed to Damian's power 
Yeah, I think I took some elements of the knight changer and incorporated it into the final power though
Rule 1: No starting in the Protectorate
Rule 2: When you join you have to focus on internal character growth
Rule 3: Make an IC reason to disobey orders. Not all the time, but it should happen.
Rule 4: Always Be Conflicting (Thanks, Teller).
Yes.
I want to meta-discourage players from joining the PRT by basically making them too busy with paperwork to be active players in the next 1~2 arcs
Can't decide if I like probationary heroes, either
Saff did a good job with it, but I dunno who else I'd trust
That would be bitchin', Bow.
Have you seen Tell's fancy-fancy Director doc, Bow?
Also, pointers for GMs on like, crisis points and mentoring a Ward would be scrumptious
It's even fancier, now!
Ditto and ditto
Good night, everyone!
Yes. Bogota.
Yes, it's good.
By my metric, yes.
If there was a session run within the past month.
That's the next one I have planned.
Wow, the rematch is so soon
I can send her an email, yes.
Done.
Whooeee! It's the Crying Time
That poor taxi man.
Gee. I can't get the image out of my head of some villain creeping around, Scooby-Doo style, when an inconspicuous pile of garbage lying on the roadside ganks the shit out of them.
I quite like Melange.
I suppose I should move on from Swole. Is she the one?
No kinkshaming, Non. :(
Heya, Soren
What's your job, Sor?
Ooh, yeah. Last show of the semester, crunch time? Good luck.
What's the show, if you don't mind my asking?
Oh, neat. I've been peripheral to that 'impending performance' rush/scramble before, but never part of it.
Woo! Enjoy your free time when it comes.
Hey, Dol
Hey there, Tell.
I'm a little surprised the Protectorate let her out. I'm curious to see where it goes.
Could be Alex, you never know.
I've been wondering what that boy's been up to.
"[13:38:48] <Antioch> I'm a little surprised the Protectorate let her out. I'm curious to see where it goes." I don't want to have to clean Slither off the walls of the HQ.
Just get Melange to do it. There are some rags floating around in there.
That seems to be the pro strat in Sicol Bend
Hey, Lys
hey, scg, vern, would any of you guys happen to know off the top of your head roughly when the oakland campaign took place
in game, that is
Pre or post Khonsu, if you don't mind my asking?
Thank you!
Which fight was that? The Witchhunt one, or some other one?
Oh, Aus was a no-holds-barred thing. Even the squaddies were using guns there.
You kinda spooked them, Thal.
Nah, the PRT squaddies that showed up used guns too.
If I were referring the Huangtian gang members, I probably would have called them underlings or mooks.
Squaddy is a PRT exclusive term, for me.
Nope. It's crunch time, so I've been preoccupied.
I was out of town in Minneapolis last week for a business trip. Also, I got a new lab, which is cool. 
Nah. I have one but I don't use it. It's T-shirt and swimming trunks weather.
The dynamic in Sicol and the way the 'game' and its breaking down over the course of the campaign have played out in a way that makes sense to me. It's both narratively and logically satisfying.
Which is a relatively accurate synopsis of the game, really.
Schuyler employed mercenaries that used guns, which isn't necessarily a cape thing, but he definitely overstepped the bounds of the game on that front.
SS used a crossbow. I don't know how different an airbow might be.
Hoagie breaks the game, though people just don't fuck with her rather than getting back at her.
Yeah, pretty much, Mish.
The Tong mooks responded with similarly lethal force, and Thousand Hands went super ham on them because they brought guns to the table.
I don't think that's a point of consideration for the unwritten rules, ix.
It's not a contest of strength/worthiness to wield a weapon.
It's a question of bringing lethal force to the table.
Yeah, what Thal said.
Hence why there are tranq bolts, arrows with blunted tips, et cetera.
Right. That's why Tinkers get a pass, because using the gun is their power.
As do Blasters who imbue their ranged weapons.
They're still catering to the shard, rather than using a firearm in lieu of their power.
Yeah, I think a good route for you to go as GK is to be creative and use a lot of versatile, esoteric ammunition.
Blunt bolts, tranq bolts, shock bolts, barbed or serrated bolts, nerve poison bolts (if you can). Armor piercing bolts, torchtip bolts, bolts that leave a trail of garotte wire to trap a wide area... stuff like that.
Handheld foam sprayer, Turco?
I'd say that it doesn't, Faust.
I can't give you hard numbers, Turco, but I have it down in my Squaddie Notes to be a 30' spray that rapidly expand and glops up the whole area, with a DC 6 needed to tear out of the stuff before it fully sets, and a DC Fuck You to get out once it's hardened.
Every square that gets foamed by the sprayer expands into adjacent squares when it hardens, is how I have it written out
But I don't use battle maps, so the point is generally moot.
Capo II couldn't break out once he got foamed, Thal.
He could create an outward telekinetic shove of force in all directions to repulse the spray of foam coming towards him so that he's untouched, but if it actually covered him, he would be stuck..
I wonder if you can make adrenaline / stim bolts to shoot your allies with as GK, Spelt?
He can play at Diet Wink and stick people with his crossbow. Lesser Pierce in exchange for some mild stat-ups.
Do you mean as Protectorate capes?
They'll generally make their presence known, so they're seen on the streets, but they're also tuned into police scanners to respond quickly to nearby crimes that they can intervene in. They'll also make stops and check up on people based on school reports, police reports, hospital reports, to see if there are any recent triggers they can touch base with.
Nah, patrols are a relatively routine thing.
Bad side effects are a problem for tomorrow's Groundskeeper!
Throw caution to the wind and shoot up your buddies with power juice! Let the dice fall where they may.
This is me speaking, as your shard.
What makes you think MM isn't a high schooler, Faust?
I think I'm supposed to make people's life flaws worse?
Wise.
It's all the rage these days.
I blame Hoagie.
Gosh, Lexi.
Where do you learn all your dated slang.
Honeybee Bible sounds like a good band.
Yeah. It sounds wholesome and acoustic, you know?
Like, Lady Lamb-genre type music.
Yeah, that's probably where I got the correlation, Tell.
I'd put the fictional Honeybee Bible band in the same circles as Neko Case and Kaki King as well.
I'm guessing it was a zombie game, iri.
I still think Teller's best Earth Bet-ism is 'Blockbuster Now'.
I'm sure they'd come up with a new term.
Like, uh... Blockbustin'.
Nah, to forward.
*too
Well you know what they say, "Out of the frying pan and into another bigger, hotter frying pan."
"Out of the frying pan and into a knife."
Plot twist, Dol.
They're getting a divorce.
I'm looking forward to the cotton candy twins.
That was a neat reveal at the end
nuh uh
she's a dark little raincloud
I think he was just genned for fun.
!delquote 571
Well, you know, my momma always used to say, stupid is as stupid does.
The two are practically synonymous.
Yop!
I don't know if that's a good starting material
It's long and sorta clunky in places
00:16 <~Wildbow> Don't tell 'em the length.  Let 'em discover it.
useful life advice
Girthy, one might say.
 i love to play the dice games. i love mischief and idolatry.
@ Teller - Yeah. Shatterbird's dad had enemies, they snuck a Cauldron dose to her after specifically requesting one with a really high deviation chance to get at him. This was in the redacted Interlude 19.y so I dunno if it's canonical.
A great deal more, I imagine, Turco.
It depends on if your definition of 53 is one of the ones that were released into the wild or if you're also counting the 3000+ ones kept locked down by Cauldron.
Math is hard.
Shopping is fun!
School scenes provide vital insight towards the character's civilian life and social dynamics. They're one of the better examples of balancing civ-cape identities.
The socialization aspect of the school sessions is where most of that comes in, which is why lunch ends up being most important
@ Saff - that's not a bad way to inform your pacing, honestly.
Run your sessions Degrassi style.
NH4NO3 (s)  → NH4+ (aq) + NO3– (aq)
It was just a two-ish page newspaper article. It took like 10 minutes to slap together.
"OK, Flair, it's YANG-ban QIANG. That's a sharp downward inflection on the first syllable and a hard rising inflection on the third. Now, say it again."
His body was given to the PRT, I think.
So yeah, he might be in a ditch. I wouldn't put it past Nonagon.
"Now, Fireback, your power generates heat, but it's not enough to get into an ATM. Here's a modified version of an acetylene torch, which should do the trick." - a nicer version of Culverin, probably.
The Cleveland PRT would discreetly toss him into the lake.
Why would I do what?
Nah. Into the lake.
Have they come in handy?
Lumina is a bad, bad Tinker with devious magicks. Very bad.
"Yes, that's the deceased Crimson Comorant, right there, on my mantlepiece. I had him taxidermied after he was shot down by Halogen. Look, no damage to the body, and the costume is only a little scraped up from his crash. I thought about having a new costume commissioned, but the rips and tear lend an air to the authenticity of it, wouldn't you agree?"
There's not really a system for PactDice. We've been running it off the same core as Weaver Dice.
There's no powers, and the magic system isn't very codified (which makes sense, given the setting).
But the stats and skills are the same.
Relative to what systems?
Death is terribly common in WD, while resurrection is terribly rare.
Hands erupt violently out of surrounding environment, leeching material from there. Weakened support structures, massive holes and gashes rent through walls, cracks that propagate. Additionally, have created structures have a limited lifespan. They crumble or detonate unpredictably and unexpectedly.
I only use d1s.
Yeah, I ran WD offline before I ran it here.
I've given it some thought for my campaign.
Breakout contractors like Breach and Explosivo offer running contracts where you pay a repeating fee, and they'll be obligated to release you if you get arrested, generally by intercepting the transport.
Sure, they can take the money and ignore you when you get arrested, but it costs them a lot in terms of professionalism / reputation.
March of last year, even.
He pops in pretty regularly but never says anything.
I agree with iri.
Combat playtesting is something I do to test the system, not the character.
Is there a better client for those in more?
Tally, I would recommend you spectate ongoing games to get a feel of Weaver Dice.
By joining the #WDNorwalk or #WDLocal channel, you should be able to see the campaign document in the channel topic.
Click on that, and you'll be able to access the logs.
I also recommend #WDSicolBend, #WDTallahassee, and #WDSanRaul.
If there's a particular 'genre' of WD you're interested in, let me know, and I can give a recommendation.
I'm going to GM-tag myself for literally no reason. For essentially the same reason as tubes.
#keepsecretsessionssecret
First you'll want to join a campaign.
There are periodic application periods for new or ongoing campaigns.
Generally, when someone starts a new campaign, they'll let everyone in this channel know, and let them do sign-ups.
Similarly, you can apply to ongoing campaigns that are allowing applicants, to be placed in a queue.
Then, once players die, slots will open up, and those in the queue will be able to join.
I feel like I give this spiel a lot. I should have it pastebinned or something.
People die more frequently than that.
Assclown Akira.
I wouldn't have made a move to kill Thousand Hands if AA hadn't killed Oz already.
And I'm curious to see if Seachange would have made the play to have Horn Lord kill Swole via proxy, if Oz hadn't died.
Well, not to see, I guess.
Just regular curious.
Shakesphere had a great cape name.
Gungnir should have turned evil and called himself Shankspear, in memoriam.
Gungie and Hoagnir.
Hmm. Those just sound like celebrity couple names.
Every time this quote comes up you will be reminded of your crimes.
name -> power -> trigger event is how I do it most of the time
No really old characters outside of PRT Directors.
Tell's Director is going to be even older.
Yeah. M-scans are a thing.
Required for high-ranking PRT officials.
Coil evaded the usual scans by essentially getting a field promotion, I figured.
He wasn't important enough until BB went to hell.
And then they had other things to deal with, and the bribes, yeah.
Safranin.
No.
awat
I can't comprehend numbers greater than 4, sorry.
"Hey, babe, you ever been with a eunuch before?"
Which poll is this?
who didn't vote for ISOLATOR
Of course ISOLATOR wouldn't have voted for himself. That would be crass.
I know, right?
Some villains have no standards.
I rolled a 3 to turn into a Case 53 in Lausanne, so I think lows are generally bad, Fir.
That's pretty cruel to the Yangban, Faustus.
Pitt BUlp
Stay safe, Nick.
The internet is a dangerous place.
awat
Wouldn't we all?
Please. Let me out of this box.
Some might disagree with that assessment.
I think "snivelling cretin" is more accurate.
pezza
Each session is one-on-one, but there are many players.
Oh, thanks. I'm curious to what you liked. I never really thought about my word choice a lot.
The description isn't too comprehensive.
He's blonde with straight hair, skinny, wears a lot of cape merchandise, doesn't really take great care of his appearance. Appearance-wise, he's not terrible, but it's social cues and his ignorance thereof, as well as his tendency to make eye contact for too long and be a terrible and obnoxious conversation partner that spouts off about his own interests
that make him a walking malignant tumor.
That's not far off, Pink. He's not quite as gangly and his hair isn't as long, but that's pretty much what I had in mind for him.
In a few years he will be a corpse.
Weird and strange how Jack's mom DOESN'T want him to get kidnapped.
Suspicious tbh.
Hopefully I'm doing a good job of making Jack abrasive and boundaryless while making him a character and not a caricature.
I have some concerns about going overboard sometime, and in the end, I still want him to be a character that people can empathize with, even if it's only slightly.
Nah, Pink, those would be interlewds.
Could you link me that poll again, please? I was on my phone and couldn't respond, earlier.
I'm curious if that turned up in the after-action report for the Flameforge Breaker/Striker, or if it's just part of Playpen's disciplinary log.
Essentially, yes.
You can't get more than your Know in the non-path pips, still.
Thank you, Tell.
I've submitted. I was really tempted to go with Red Fish to see how she was doing, but I think that chapter of Cody's life is decidedly over.
That is something you could do, yeah.
You will get +1 to rolls regarding that path.
Your probationary ten bucks an hour, Thal?
Has a horse been texting you, Foss?
Only six folds?!
Would you see a film starring Jackie Chan called "PRT Uncle"?
To kidnap the girl who he's trying to catfish, Bel.
Wheels within.
The rules explicitly state highest, IIRC.
Some GMs will allow you to willingly fail rolls, yeah.
e.g. Horn Lord getting kicked in the nuts and failing his Withstand check in Sicol Bend.
Because sometimes failing is the more narratively satisfying outcome, DDH.
Failing doesn't have to be optimal for you to want to do it.
Who, Thal?
What was his name?
I don't remember any statue capes off the top of my head.
Oh, no. He didn't use a shield.
Shards.
Conflict.
Inherent to the system.
@ Thalia - He had unpowered armor made of an esoteric alloy, with a short-range grenade-launcher-type weapon that fired untangling furls of shape-memory alloy that re-tangle and trap/lacerate struck victims. He also had a weapon that generated spatial distortion effects in struck solid objects.
Close to 700 now, I think.
@ Saff|GM - I was talking about the Bow Tie Cinemas.
Closer to the school, so that there's less evident apparent connection to Wind Tunnel.
Good afternoon
He's moved to seattle and runs a successful business selling portable forcefields to all capes, but he's attracted the attention of the Elite, who plan on poaching him.
Goodbye, Alex.
The ability to cry in her Breaker state.
Extremely.
Bonehemian Rhapsody
Bonehomiean
Jelly rats!
Hahahahaha
Pavement Baron
The spiritual successor to Asphalt Tycoon
It's like a sim-city game but you only get to build roads and design city infrastructure to minimize traffic and accidents
A danger to herself, really.
You know where you need to go to get a bike, Index.
!search Dark Hops
Dark Hops is a menace.
!search you buy
_in 4h unban spellspinner ip
Oh shit! San Raul!
Très pratique.
Asking the important questions, Index.
Pea slurry.
Hey Lys.
What is the Tinker's specialty? 
I imagine they'd be less effective and frustrated due to the fact that nothing they're building makes any damn sense and shouldn't work by all rights.
Foil's crossbow has Tinkertech chain replicator.
Oh? I must have missed it
Bow did.
What's up, Lys?
Are they just starting off?
For kinetic tech?
Keep nudging them along that path with a mask/gauntlet combo that hooks up to a power core they can wear as a backpack (later it'll serve as the central piece to a powersuit). The mask and gauntlet form a proprioceptive UI that allows them to perform basic telekinesis by using pointing and gestures.
No.
I'm glad I guessed right though.
I think Non is saying "My character is nothing like her twin" rather than "I am nothing like that character"
Maybe one of those junkyard presses, like they use to compact cars?
Go up to Deep Six and tell him that the Tinker that needs to be disposed of used a racial slur.
Said as if with a full mouth, whilst being interrupted: "What do you mean this power isn't for eating people?"
!addquote <Pink> Evie is holding out for the limited edition Ana de Mendoza Sofrito Sauce to come back. Nine hundred more sessions, morty!
"Evie mauls a fat woman to incite a riot. Lily teaches her son to eat with a spoon."
lol, how did you get 'martin and menace' from 'goofus and gallant'
Caleb.
No problem.
Shame that Evie can't show up to the Christmas party so that Kyle can see two aunties and have a psychotic break.
OK, but they'll lose to my cape "Methwish".
Nothing's stronger than a man driven by an amphetamine addiction.
I thought that was the most dangerous game.
Are we getting something mixed up here?
#parahumans is the Great Elsewhere, tbf.
Pain is technically mental, anywho.
Immolator does have a vehicle option later on down the line for his Tinkerings.
I wouldn't be opposed to it.
I ran one -really- good car chase session once.
I'd like to run some more.
But yeah, Tally, that document I linked earlier has the stats I take for every character on them.
What if your Wits is low IRL
I need those skill points, man. (said with trembling fingers and a stutter)
Yeah, I really should do a 2 Know character at some point.
Just to mix things up.
I just automatically default to 4 Know out of habit, I suppose.
Social is probably my favorite stat, though.
I like dumping Guts a lot because I like winning fights without people hurting me at all.
"If your opponent has intent to kill"
A) most people don't unless you've crossed the line.
B) they can't intend to kill you if they don't know you're there.
C) they can't intend to kill you if they're too busy crying because you've dredged up their repressed daddy issues.
That's Mishie's pro strat.
It can be fun to raise the stakes.
Not yet. Finals are next week so it might be a bit more.
I have ideas, just haven't jotted them down.
Pillars of flame, but yeah, non
Sorry, SCG, I'm wrapping up for bedtime.
Just have your PRT guys try to convert villains
"Hey if we let Cwn Annwn in we'll let -anyone- in"
they didn't let her in tho
sad that amphetamine queen doesn't have a sidekick called Heroin Heroine
tbh
Just put in a Wink meme and you'll be good to go
✧
Antipode and something like Noisehawk or whatever.
The German translation of Noisehawk
Might have been Windhawk or something.
!addquote <Antioch> I'm upright! Ambulatory! <Antioch> UNSTOPPABLE
If your name is unpronounceable or stupid the PRT/public will Hellhound you
Chubster is a good cape name. It doesn't need changing and I'm offended at your implication that it would.
I think BFT is a good Hellhounding example.
Broadcast won't let 'em!
"Hey Broadcast: I bet it would be real funny if you got their names mixed up on purpose and all the time."
Be nice, Thal. You're gonna make Cassette say "fridge".
"Fridge" is a swear.
At least Koto will never meet Cassette.
I want an AU where Cassette is essentially a Mary Poppins-type character that tries to reform nasty little children with superpowers.
Is Wicht really that bad, or is it mostly Crest?
At that age, didn't we all?
Literally only Lausanne follows that convention
And Motor City, I guess
Wait, not even Motor City
A sadman, perhaps
Cody and Cassette seem like they wouldn't get along.
They would have gotten ice cream together and watched a PG-rated movie with talking animals, and that would be that.
Why did they go on a sugar factory tour, anyways?
That's a good way to put it.
After I'm done with finals and stuff, I can hash things out with you if you'd like to revive the campaign sometime down the line.
It was intended as a multi-GM thing to get newbie GMs involved in WD, but the actual running of sessions ended up falling to the vets who were only supposed to be there as a support structure / worldbuilders, which is why things ended up falling through, IIRC.
Remind me, this upcoming Wednesday or Thursday?
But yeah, I have the notes and everything, there's a good deal of extant infrastructure and resources (a nice map, too), so I agree that it feels a shame to let it go unused.
Maybe your ignorant stereotyping of them as 'killers' only serves to perpetuate a sociocultural stigma surrounding them, forcing them to fill the role delineated for them.
I don't think that Uber is necessarily a combat Thinker, since his power has applications beyond that.
I'd call him a skill Thinker over a combat one. A pure combat Thinker might have a secondary Striker classification to inform response.
I'll be honest, Faust
I didn't notice the copyright date
But I knew it was shopped because it was the ingredients for barbecue sauce
No!
Alright.
My birthday is 10/29/94. 
Hello... friend.
"A blu blu" was a meme for a while.
So was Plump Rat.
I was thinking about asking Teller to do a $session start and $session end function to log all rolls a player makes over the course of one session, and when the session ends, it spits out the mean/deviation.
Shouldn't be especially computationally taxing, and I find myself doing that by hand when I GM.
I'd argue that 'the Belaris option' fits the classical definition of a meme.
I think if we stretch hard enough you can apply any channel regular's handle into an action/descriptor.
Don't think Yop! counts.
!search gr8 sk8
Hmm. Do you mind if I delete that quote and re-add it, replacing rate with r8?
o/
Hmm. It's no 'Seven Hells', I'll grant you that.
No need. The winners write the history books.
It's two arcs from completion, and should end mid-July at the very latest.
Grantsville and Miller's Creek ended as well.
I'm a little worried, yeah. No email response, either.
Huh. You know, I think I have a vague idea of a neat precog-combat Thinker mechanic.
Dice pool, but can burn dice en masse for certain powerful effects (3-straight, 4-straight, full house, yahtzee).
I think there should be some more mechanics that focus on getting certain specific numbers, although I think dice-cogs have the best kit to use them like that.
Can't really take credit for it -- the concept for the idea came out of Bow's Goblin Magic document.
In a similar vein, I was considering "take 4" skill Thinkers as a baseline for a more complex mechanic, but I think "take X" is inherently not an exciting mechanic.
This might be more of a #Gamedesign thing, but I think the "take X" mechanic stemmed from avoiding players repeating a rolled-for action until they succeed, and I'm not sure how to give that mechanic a spicy kick that makes it interesting to play.
Yeah. I'll post it in #Pactdice.
The Longinus vs. Wink fight was mechanically disgusting, and probably one of the more busted fights I've ever GMed.
Five 2h6+1 attacks a round via portals against a jacked up Hello Friend with a +4 to Athletics.
You crank the dowel and the irregular-center wooden wheels make the wooden figures move around.
Good job on the city background.
Not as good, I think. There was enough realspace distance between them that buckshot wouldn't have been as good - not a lot of the scatter would have made it both through the portal and into Longinus.
Wink was also using a pretty high-caliber handgun, if I'm recalling right.
GMing is fun for me.
I like writing a story where other people can chip in and take it in crazy directions.
It's gratifying to see people move around in my world, interact with my characters, and have them leave their mark.
Hence, I like GMing. It rarely feels like work for me -- I'd say the rare moments where it does are when characters don't feel like characters.
Either I haven't devoted enough headspace to consider a certain NPC in depth, or a PC isn't narratively dynamic.
But on the whole, I love GMing, be it Weaver Dice or some other tale.
More fun than being a player, at least for me -- not that being a player isn't fun.
I like the way that the story grows in the telling. Every session I run adds a sliver or pound of flesh to the campaign, to the setting as a whole.
To the point that the city is a microcosm unto itself.
I think there's an application form, for Minneapolis in particular.
The stylized hearts are images, holdover from the first character sheet made after wounds were introduced.
We use unicode hearts now.
What did you think, Jygg?
There's not a lot of canonical information on Toybox for me to really draw from, so I worry that I might be wildly off base.
Sicol has the docks.
And at least one dead cape has been dumped there.
A lot of major metropolitan cities are near large bodies of water, though. Good for city infrastructure.
Having a river that cuts through the city makes making a map a real pain in the ass, though.
It's useful for territory control and knowing who's where.
Yeah, what Tell said.
If you're rolling into Clatsop, you want to know who you're fucking with.
I don't think he means to be, but I certainly think that a lot of people consider him as such.
Yeah, Jack is on the spectrum and doesn't understand social boundaries and personal space, amongst other things. I'm always slightly worried that I'm not portraying him right.
At the end of the day, I still want him to be a character people can empathize with, and not an obnoxious, hollering jokey caricature that doesn't have a lot of depth to him.
I think Fulv was moreso talking about relying on word of mouth to know "this street is where the Wolves like to chill".
Ahh, yeah, I get what you're saying.
I misunderstood the context of your explanation, I think.
have her skin fall off and then tattoo individual snakes on each ribbon
It's only happened once or twice on this server, AFAIK.
A player commandeering an NPC, that is.
Being able to snag a used/discarded cape from the bargain bin isn't especially fun.
LoS Shakers are shakers.
Blasters that fire a projectile that detonate with a wide area of effect are Blaster/Shaker - Nukers.
The classification system is a reductionist means of categorizing parahumans by appropriate field response.
Whirlybird, Rebellion, Spotlight Head, Maniobra, whatever Thalia's precog's name is...
What campaign is this for, and are you still accepting submissions?
I just woke up but I have a goodish idea for this one.
Not a Tinker, tho.
I'm pretty happy with the one I just submitted.
I think it'd be tough to beat that cape in a one-on-one.
I can run the numbers more thoroughly later.
I like the thematics of "failure/skill/malpractice" culminating into it, and I also enjoy warping the homebrew "luck mage" mechanics I've developed for fantasy games warped into Thinker-type powers.
Also, Camtist|Joey has been a good inspiration on that front as well.
** - warped
But yeah, I had a discussion yesterday (?) about tying in fundamental mechanics into powers, assigning unique value to a specific rolled numbers (e.g. the Yahtzee dice pool precog), "taking 4 / taking 6" as a power, dice size growth/reduction powers, so on and so forth.
I think the design space there is pretty fertile.
It also gave rise to an NPC concept I'm especially happy with. He'll be in Indianapolis.
I think that Tell, OOC, would like that NPC, but would not, IC.
Real dogs > fake lions.
The total roll, Firlz. It's intended specifically to be very powerful against skillful people.
And weak against those who rely on pure +1 bonuses.
How so, Thal?
If six goons attack you all at once you can make all six of them fail.
It's not like a back and forth thing where the GM has to fail your rolls before you can sabotage someone again.
No, you can just fail your roll and not get the headache.
And taking 4/6 doesn't count as rolling.
!addquote <soulpelt|> killing a killer just makes you a killer.
If someone with a +1 shoots them, they make them fail the roll, but then they're made to fail the dodge roll, they would need to roll vs. headache or have a +2 in Ath.
Should note that Willpower rolls can't be tanked by the shard.
Yeah.
"I roll willpower to resist my willpower check being tanked" gets kind of fucky.
You pretty much spend them right away or they're useless. Not too important to keep track.
Depends on if you try and save them up or not - and you really shouldn't.
Depends on who gets the jump on who.
And how many times has "jumped by 6+ mooks" happened in WD so far?
Just Cody and the Iranians, and the Zoup fight, iirc? We've had discussions on action economy, and how six fuckers with chains against one dude is pretty unfair.
Just as the way wounds end up working out.
Lilith was versus a squad of five.
I think there's room to play around and vulture skills off of people to spend with a specific task in mind.
It's take 1, sorry
With stat mods still taken into account.
Sorry if it's a little convoluted , I wrote this up in the shower.
For 7, can the cape Go Fast, or is it just their perception?
I'll put it back in the box and see if I can't chisel off the rough edges.
Gotcha.
o/
bone armor and boneiti
boneitis
Somecrazyguy:
It's just two people tho
Rerolling one die is roughly equal to +1.
Diminishing returns after that point.
I'm still working on it.
I don't really like 1.
Effectively it's just a mix and match monster power, which I'm not really feeling regardless.
I don't really like how the powers are split up, I want to say.
Yeah, I don't like that.
I tend to write multitriggers bearing synergy between the powers involved, to the point where separating one from the other would make them lacking.
So I worry that the ones we're passing over might be falling flat because they were chopped in half.
The NPC just has the power but with the major and minor inverted. I have one that I wrote up that's the opposite anyways, as a thought exercise.
I mean, if that's how you want to mechanically interpret it, but 1 small knife = 1 armor isn't really sensible
It's two people, two powers.
We have a great deal of precedent from multitrigger gens.
That's when three or four people trigger.
Hmm. I'm thinking of multitrigger gens we've done here, in chat.
Archival, Explosivo, Panoply and Citizen, Inflame and that other guy.
If anyone ought to have an armortitty power, it's Saff.
Flatchestte
men, kote, do
Yeah. Kote is the gloves
And scoring is conditional
It's actually pretty complicated, so I don't want to get into too much detail
I think it'd be neat to see Saff with a showboat-y power like that.
Let's jump back towards the thematics. We have a method of delivery and system, so now it's time for flavor and elements.
[23:00:50] <Antioch> Archival, Explosivo, Panoply and Citizen, Inflame and that other guy. Explosivo had 3 for a two person unit, P&C had 4 for a two person unit, I&whoever had 4 for a two person unit. If I&whoever is the conmen, anyway.
That seems pretty shounen
And not, y'know, Worm
this is a dang ol trainwreck
Shatterbutt
nice
You can turn into a gear and talk to gears
I'll vote for Cogo's. It seems more coherent and suitable
Heh.
!addquote <Non|Lily> I thought he was just trying to control my movements, finances, life choices, etc, not cheating on me. There are lines.
Hmm. Non's quote makes me want to write some sort of fin-dom trigger.
That could be interesting.
Yeah, that's the gist of it. I'm trying to figure out what the breaking point is, for the trigger, either your friends/family holding an intervention or just going into deep, deep debt.
It's just an interesting premise to approach a trigger event from, though I can see issues with people finding it tough to step into that character's shoes, possibly.
What if you were on the opposite side of the transaction? :P
you're tearing me apart, lisa
Tubes was here just a second ago
why don't you just fucking murder him you coward
smdh
Why do a job well when you can get someone to do it better for you?
bro...
"22:08 <Non|Lily> If Anti was a real pro he would do like I'm doing, ruining his husband's life and leaving him to wallow in it." Consider: Your husband is a cuckold who will probably just find another woman and never learn his lesson. My husband will be dead, I will be able to watch and replay the video of his death as  well as the moment where he realizes
who put this hit out on him, and also, I get all of his stuff.
Counterpoint: It's really hard to recover from being murdered on your wife's orders.
Okay, you've convinced me. I'll make it slow.
You should figure out what his mistress looks like and transform into her.
You should also transform your hand into his, in order to get past his stupid fingerprint lock phone.
You can just turn back into me.
That's true. I'm actually trapped in the hospital for a few days.
We should, after this all blows over, get extremely detailed photos of ourselves naked from 360 degrees and varying camera distances, now that you mention it.
It's only sensible.
Build one of those little camera rigs on circular rails.
Alternatively - kill everyone who knew what you used to look like, such that there's no confusion or mix-ups later on down the line.
Not as such, but I'm currently masquerading as one of my own victims, and can't really get out of the hospital early without being formally discharged unless I want to arouse a lot of unwanted suspicions.
Did you find a place for your computer to sleep?
nothing personnel.... fulvus
03:36 <Fossil> Mishie please, I come here for quality insults step up your game.
I do not recognize any of your contributions to the Weaver Dice community as beneficial in any way whatsoever.
There we go.
Counterpoint: gun
It's not actually a question of mental speed as it is one of dynamic visual acuity
I'd have to check about bullet veloctiy tracking, but there are people who can track individual cards being riffle shuffled, e.g.
The point is that tying a power arbitrarily on "you can move as fast as things you're capable of seeing" is supremely iffy
secondary counterpoint: airplane
tertiary counterpoint: distant celestial bodies
The fact that it needs so many qualifiers to be usable means I'd rather not bother with it entirely
That one shoulda been my first :p
Mechanically speaking, there are much better ways of turning a projectile attack into a vectorized movement and/or melee attack.
What's wrong with a blaster power that fires a damageless/low damage projectile the cape can "chase" at will?
It's more interesting.
all of these qualifiers and conditionals are longer than the power itself. bad sign.
It's not a particularly Worm-esque power, anyways.
No.
It's a fruitless exercise unless you reach the conclusion yourself.
Got it, this is pointless.
Carry on.
Grue lied about his trigger.
Powers always have to relate to the trigger. As a rule.
It's a core conceit of how the Wormverse operates.
Clockblocker triggered when he was getting a syringe in his upper leg to provide a marrow transplant for his father, who was dying of leukemia, IIRC.
Shard-imposed flaw, probably.
!addquote <Nona> "<Mega> Do we have a clue why [Clockblocker's] timestop is so wonky?" The GM didn't want to have to work out exactly how many seconds it would take to do every single action in any scene he's in.
His power is being Tupac after getting out of jail
Relative population isn't the crux of the argument I'd try to make, here: in actuality, unmasking a cape is simple enough that it can be done by hiring a dedicated private investigator, unless the cape in question is taking pains and precautions to mask their identity (and generally, there are more options afforded to them on that front as a major hero with
resources and backing). Coil did that, with regards to unmasking E88 en masse with the information he'd collected. It's really just a question of how differently the "unwritten rules" are handled, but envisioning a scenario where capes unmask as a default breaks my suspension of disbelief, in the context of the Wormverse.
I think that's predicated on the fact that said celebrities would willingly unmask as a matter of course, using their cape identities as a foundation for social cachet.
I don't know that the Garam capes unmasked, Thay.
I get that if you're a cape, you can ride the wave of popularity, but in the end, tying said popularity to your civilian persona seems like the cons outweigh the pros.
There's always going to be at least one psycho who's willing to act on that information, IMO.
Hrm, could you rephrase that, Thay? I couldn't quite parse that.
I like how Mishie has to say "most", here.
Up until that's curtailed by a crazy going after a hero's family, probably, Thay.
!addquote <Nonagon> The thing is that there is a subset of parahumans who are fucking insane retards, and they aren't entirely comprised of me and Thal's characters.
Fleur was actually killed by an E88 cape.
It was part of their initiation, IIRC.
That doesn't really make sense to me, Spell.
People who hate you, as a cape, aren't going to go after you in your civilian identity unless they know it.
The two are only separate if you keep them separate.
Once you unmask, your costumed identity has all the vulnerabilities of your civilian one, and vice versa, because they're the same thing.
I can see that as a feasible starting point, sure, but sooner or later, someone's going to get got in their civilian identity, or their family members / friends will get targeted, and it undermines the program pretty significantly.
Only takes one incident, after all.
I understand you. You're saying that the core team, likely with government backing, would operate, as per New Wave.
I'm still not particularly sold on the premise.
I think it could happen -- it just wouldn't be great for the capes who were unmasked.
It's easier to think "That stuff might happen to me or my family," though.
I'm not saying that it won't happen, but the people who unmask seem more likely to get hurt, physically or emotionally.
The mask as a conceit is psychologically beneficial -- it's been discussed in-campaign and out, particularly with respect to Saff and some of the heroes whose identities -have- been made public.
Being recognized as a cape in civilian identity leads to a lot of social concerns.
Celebrities don't have a mask, per se, or when they do, they're rather flimsy ones. Being hounded by paparazzi et cetera both in cape and civilian persona is a lifestyle that would grate on a lot of people. 
And when you're an unmasked cape, every interaction with people in your civilian identity being colored by the fact that you have superpowers, well, it's difficult to make meaningful connections or interact with people on a personal level.
The difference is roughly analogous to fucking a groupie, versus managing to land a connection with someone who genuinely interacts with you, rather than the connection being founded on the basis of you being a rockstar / someone with superpowers / etc.
Some people can dig that lifestyle, to be sure, but it's one of those cases where being a cape kind of subsumes your civilian identity.
The proportions aren't the same across the board worldwide.
"If you can't take off the mask, you become the mask," is a somewhat trite way of putting it, but I suppose it works.
When are you planning on setting your campaign, Spell?
Hmm. Gun laws and post-Golden Morning... don't really jive, thematically with me.
See, Thay, I asked about the setting time because I think it's an interesting conceit to begin with.
Parahuman capes unmasking at the outset, in the early 90s, as Europe makes its first forays into founding their own teams of parahumans.
And I could take that as a starting point, Thay, with one of the campaign conceits being that some crazy finally goes after an unmasked cape's family.
That would be an interesting way to shake up the status quo and promote an interesting narrative.
I know, but I'm just telling you the way I'd handle that particular conceit.
Spell can do whatever he likes, I'm just talking about a campaign concept that I wouldn't mind running, riffing off that particular idea.
Early 90s, unmasked heroes in power, someone crosses a line.
If you want to do post-GM stuff, the Cauldron/Resh people are probably the people to go to.
There's a "Cauldron" discord that grew out of the Resh community, I think.
All of the major power flaws are fun, in my book.
I'm pretty happy with milestones as they are right now.
I think that it's more like, the eighth pass, for Sicol? Not 100% sure.
Who are you thinking of, that's been milestoned?
That sounds right.
Wasn't sure if I had missed anyone.
Oh, are we finally seeing the twins in action?
I'm pumped.
all those flootin tootin stairs
Hmm. Remind me to sock Non's stupid kid in San Raul one right in the kisser.
Mistaking the ugly twin for me?!
Unconscionable.
My son is the superior boy.
Wait, scratch that, he likes Mouse Protector
He's the worst boy
I'm great, (I don't remember my son's name) is great, and San Raul is about to get owned.
Lily's fine. She's not mean enough to incite a race riot.
Also, implying I'll die
Foolish
It's at these times you need to ask: "What would Chrome Kendrick do?"
Hops' bike is the protagonist of San Raul.
Thanks, Non.
Hi
I can help out in a little bit. Getting groceries
Striding out of the shower at half-mast
Ready to get it onnnn
I'm inclined to approach this with a Thinker bent
Eyethief sensory package kinda works, but is pretty bland. Let me mull it over as I run some errands
I don't want to go too hard on the Mover, here
There's some of it in there, but not a great deal, I'd say
There's not really a buildup that's needed, IMO
"oh fuck, they caught me" out of the blue is good enough, in my books
I'm not seeing Fly at all
I'd only use a very small amount of Mover here, anyways
Yeah, don't take the process too algorithmically
But the triggeree themselves isn't tied to a bed
I'm not denying mover is an element, here
but I am denying that it's a major one
Being caught off guard, discovered without any forewarning, mood goes from 100 to 0 real fast
That's what I'd like to focus on, but yeah
I'm not really enjoying trying to talk over everyone else
Cell Tinker, Resource Controller, easy. I'll have the table for you within a day or two.
Turn your spouse into a golem battery. Right up SOMA's alley
GG EZ
I think, for the future, if we're discussing themes/etc. for new gen
We really shouldn't touch on trigger classification
Because that last trigger got bogged down in a real obnoxious slough of "mover or not"
Just chat about the themes and submit your power. If it's good and thematic, then good, we don't need everyone submitting a Mover/Stranger power and compare all of them, tbh
I'll do it in a few, I guess. Gotta run some errands
I'm more of a foot guy.
1/18/93
I've run WD for people who haven't read Worm before. It's a good way to get them interested in reading, but the campaign lacked a lot of nuance that I'm able to touch on more naturally with players who are more familiar with the thematics and "feel" of Worm.
Nope.
I do city maps, but not battle maps.
Hiya.
For people who are adding their campaign to the active campaigns document: It's not just adding a name and status – you need to add a link to the campaign and campaign synopsis as well, as per every other campaign on the list.
Didn't appear so - mind trying again?
I fixed it for you, it's fine.
I feel deeply mischaracterized.
!search fault
I like Caitiff a great deal, but I can't see Cleveland ending without his death.
Hmm.
None of these look good. Mind if I work on something and submit it?
Hm, sure. I don't know if I'll work as quickly as you think, if there's only one power left to critique.
Alright, here's mine.
Just let me know when you want me to post it.
Sure thing. Here you go.
The Exile Buster?
The morale penalty remains the same, but I'm taking it in a different direction.
If you end up using it, I'd like to request you hang on to the verbal morale attack, since I think it's an option that rewards creative RP and thoughtful dialogue, but that's really all I have to say on the matter.
Tidied up the campaign doc, btw.
Still need writeups for Liverpool, Berlin, Minneapolis, Cayo, and Kumasi.
Rubber hose. Keystone Kop it.
"It's been unseasonally warm in here lately." - Satan
@ soulpelt|GoG2 
Please call yourself the White Rod, and go around enslaving people with your White Rod.
More seriously, I'd recommend you take a look at the variety of historical staves of office.
There are a lot of specifically scepters/staves that imply a position of authority.
*specifically named
Septum-peror.
I can think of a few non-heroic NPCs that would go for an out-of-town Endbringer fight, for reputation's sake.
Oh, hey, Tell. It feels like it's been a while.
Casa Huevos
Nick: i made the inactive campaign link doc accessible. Sorry about that.
Even then, with 26 applicants, I had to pare it down, unfortunately.
Did you factor in the fact that I'll be accepting four players (seems doubtful that Zene will return).
Calculating the odds gets kind of fucky there since the number of tickets excised from the running varies, but yeah, it fudges out to roughly that much.
Maybe check the git for the willie module?
Zene had a really good showing in #WD_Lincoln.
It was factored in to ticket #.
Speaking of which.
I added the triggers yesterday. Subject to change/be tweaked.
n0us really wowed me with his application. The boy put some solid work in.
Heck, I'm hyped for it.
Oh, damn. I forgot to close the applications.
Sorry, folks, but I've already gotten 26 and had to cut it off at 20.
I'll keep your submissions in mind as backup / replacement in case anyone on the list ends up going inactive.
I'll announce the folks getting in on 6/15.
👌
Bleh, can't edit documents on my phone, so can't vote.
Oh, darn. I was driving.
Wow, really?
Didn't expect that one.
Would have voted for #1, for what it's worth.
I'm still in the children dunking boat.
My own included.
@ Valence: What type of story are you wanting to tell / read?
Hmm. I'd recommend Tallahassee to you, then.
Steel Jaguarundi's storyline features narrative that touches on heists.
Good luck on the heisting. I think that's a fun facet of capery that doesn't get enough screen time.
Yeah. Just got back into town.
I'm down.
Let's chat.
Grading finals so I may be a little slow.
@ Firlz - Sort of not really.
I think Bow mentioned underground prizefights being a thing that carries on for a while, but ends up falling through.
It works for a given period of time, but taken too far, because it becomes a spectacle by virtue of the context, ends up becoming a charade to the shards involved. At least, that's my guess.
Fight Club turns into scripted WWE eventually, if you want to keep the audience / bettors entertained, or so I believe.
To a certain extent, I think.
Repeated enough times, it grows stale, and innovation stops after a point.
Then, I assume, the shard gets huffy.
I can't forgive the TV show "Doug" for making me think beets were bad.
As far as northeastern coast seafood goes, oysters are the loss I can most easily stomach.
It's her or Mori. :P
Don't sweat it. Exams take precedence.
Gristfinger
22:05 <Nonagon> It almost always results in a power that is "take these 2 powers and thread them together into one power" and there's no degrees of freedom left for individuality in expression as a result of the actual person imbibing.
That's why I like the #00 vials or the #00 vials, Non.
Oh, fucking send with style
#xx00 or #00xx vials.
Where the xx is any number between 01 to 12.
The 00s are where personal expression come into play.
I'm a little sad that Equipoise didn't get picked, but I understand why it didn't.
The Detail doc is Bow's work, and these are just stuff that I whipped up.
I'm collecting the ones that are fan-made in my own document, if he wants to take a peek at them later on down the line, but it's not a huge priority for me.
Yeah, I wouldn't mind talking about the submissions.
I dig the power for another type of trigger / vial combo, but it feels a little off here.
I'm wiggin' out just reading that power description.
Oh, I was just replying with vial options that I felt addressed the issue you were discussing.
Technician explicitly is Magi-branch Tinker methodology, so it leaves the other branch derived from the triggeree.
Methodology's informed by another vial, or drawn from personality. Meanwhile, Coronet is Skill-branch Thinker, with the same open-endedness.
2 and 5 are close enough that the ideas could be meshed without too much trouble.
Take what you like out of each.
It's just a big pimpin thug ass jacket
No problem, I really love doing posts/sessions like that. Thanks for letting me horn in on your show.
Hey, does anyone know the ChanServ command for auto-opping / auto-voicing a user for a certain channel?
Play as Donny Pesche
I tried that, Mish, but it's adding the IP thingy instead of the username. Hmm.
Ohhh, that would be why, Non.
Thank you.
"rawest"
!search sashimi
You can play that realization into Hush's character development. Survivor's guilt, yo.
I'm off to bed, folks, good night.
06:15 <FossilLord> Twenty pages is a good stopping point
Five pages is a good stopping point.
Character sheets.
The former.
Outside of the public pages, I don't actually have a campaign doc / notes, come to think of it.
For either Cleveland or Indianapolis.
You mean the Know Where You Live page?
Or the demographic spreadsheet you helped me with?
I have a few in Cleveland. It's mostly just me making notes when I make stat/skill rolls so their skillsets are consistent across sessions. 
TGK and Caitiff have their own tinker tables.
The only folks in Indianapolis that have coalesced into hard mechanics are the legacy NPCs and Goldenrod, Miss Blitz, and Event Horizon, because I made combat playtesting templates for them.
I'm working on a more codified document that describes each NPC and their trigger event and other trivia for Cleveland, so I can release it once the campaign ends as supplementary material.
I've done the "pages and pages of worldbuilding / character building" route for my other campaign before.
It's not really effective. After a certain point, you're just putting down words for the sake of putting down words.
_c 77/14
5.5 Teller-pages.
Yeah, I'm taking that into account.
Yeah, I'm taking that into account.
There's not a great deal of necessity in nailing down the minutia of a character at the outset just for the sake of having a bulked out character sheet.
Do the broad strokes, and let the gaps and crevices fill themselves in organically.
Sure, having a consistent and unique voice that differentiates that characters and another is a good thing. I just don't believe that writing a 20-page character sheet is any more helpful than a 5-page sheet on that front.
*character
Gahaha.
Oh, neat. TIL.
I'm getting the hang of it.
Hmm. I might bump Proth out of the Indianapolis lottery to make room for another app.
The trick to getting into one of my campaigns is approaching me with a cool enough character concept that I say, "gah, why doesn't my campaign have one of these? I need one."
I guess that's why you don't have that many players, as not a lot of people are apt to make that typo.
!8ball Is Anti too mean?
Reads like a simplistic dictionary passage.
"Anti is [defined as a verb, in its infinitive form], to mean."
'Scene' isn't really the proper terminology in this context.
It makes more sense to use /TBAN #weaverdice 15m m:mask*!*@*, given the milieu.
:^)
It took me forever to remember the syntax, lol. I'm glad for the refresher.
I've gone RAD with power!
🛴🛴🛴🛴🛴🛴
They're little scooter emojis.
I could see that. With like a fold-out scooter that has blades on either side, so they can kick-flip over someone, whip the stand and hoist themselves over the handlebars, decapitating them.
Are you thinking a motorized scooter, Claw?
It's gotta be foot push or nothin.
With rockets, maybe, I guess.
Path to Failure just means "hey, don't do this thing."
Cheeky.
"God, it would just be the worst if the leader of the local Protectorate died. I need to do everything I can to keep him alive."
Cheeky.
Jumping back briefly to the 5 pages / 20 pages thing – a good rule of thumb is as follows: Time you're spending world building and character building is time that you aren't spending writing. Lay just enough of a foundation and the world and characters will build themselves as you write.
I've been bouncing off ideas for the "Yahtzee" dice pool precog power.
Really itching for someone to give it a try.
You know how the usual dicepool precogs work?
Roll a pool of dice at the outset and you can spend them as you wish on rolls rather than actual rolling, essentially.
Yahtzee precog just means they can spend multiple dice like three-straight or full house or whatever for especially potent effects.
Depends on the size and cooldown of the dice pool for strength, mostly.
Oh?
I think Non and I both have archives of them.
Hey, soulpelt| -- I can't recall, off the top of my head, but at any point, did Shoal use the phrase "sleeping with the fishes"?
Darn.
Around-ish.
After 2PM I'm good.
We're both ghosts now, tubes.
We cannot hold anything, let alone each other.
Slither or Abby, Non?
Maybe she'll make friends with Ghost Army.
Deep Six probably died of scurvy over the weekend, so now Sicol Bend is safe forever.
Ghost of Christmas Past is a guy and also he's dead.
the Asylum, capital A, is in Philadelphia.
Hey, Nonagon. Let's schedule a Cleveland session. Monday through Wednesday of next week are good times for me.
I'll go with Monday, then.
Afternoon, roughly this time or an hour from now?
Great.
Huh, that's odd.
I guess we haven't.
I thought Tuzi was looking for me, yeah.
iridium is next, yes.
I'm waiting for Horn Lord to die so that Nick can get in.
I'm ready when you are, Saff.
Those must be some fancy breakfast bars to have real fruit that turns into goop. I always imagined them to be on the same level of preserved-ness that you hear about McDonalds burgers and how they apparently don't start smelling weird or molding even if you forget them in a file cabinet somewhere.
Ohhh, that makes a lot more sense.
Two great tastes that taste great together!
You hear that, tubes? There are some fruit ghosts floating around for Slither's ghost to eat.
My initial assumption is Assclown Akira's old squatting ground, pelt. We'll find out, I suppose.
I don't think you can consider replying to a PM as "shitposting", personally.
But it's also safe to say that pretty much everything Jack types is categorically a shitpost, by virtue of its origin.
So it's really a cointoss on that one.
Surely "dead parents" is a life perk!
"not only is Michael a decent cook"
Schuyler can't cook for shit, but he orders out obsessively.
I think the exchange between Schuyler and Crest re: chicken and waffles might have been done in PM, sadly.
I had some really good chicken and waffles the day before yesterday.
Hey iri. Not too much.
There's some Sicol going on if you want to take a gander.
Fireback's at it again.
Yeah. We both discussed it heavily for Saff's Detroit character until she rolled a new trigger after a lack of consensus was reached.
I don't have a strong opinion on it.
Ohhh, right you are.
IRCcloud gets around that.
And I think the trigger is fine as-is.
Since there aren't any age constraints.
No, since no power was genned from it, it remains unused.
@ Saff|GM - the chicken and waffles was from Birmingham, WaffleWorks in the Pizitz Food Hall.
Also, on the topic of PRT phone numbers, I was wondering how other people handle it in their campaigns.
911 operator can connect to PRT emergency line, 667 is the direct PRT emergency line, and the non-emergency PRT number is a number with a local area code and municipal prefix.
Least that's how I do it.
(I picked 667 because using the old-style alphanumeric keypad, it spells out 'PRT'.)
Are we using the new gen process?
If we are, we're discussing themes rather than classifications, IIRC.
Might be a personal hangup of mine, then.
I know I've seen a lot of new gens grind on painfully as people argue over how 'mover' a trigger ought to be.
With a lot of pointing to the handbooks and squabbling.
I have a rough idea for a power, I'll compose it and send it via PM. May be slow, as I'm cooking dinner.
Themes I'm bearing in mind: caretaker, mentor, relationship, bait, switch, failure, betrayal, discard, expendable, spectator, out of reach, bludgeon, mob.
"Taking the consequences for others" is a good theme, Faust, thank you.
I'm still cooking dinner. It's a pretty involved affair.
Dual-unwieldy.
weo weo
Afternoon, Tell.
I'm currently making a pilgrimage back to the zone.
Monday.
I can't GM for continuous stretches for too long. Looking at a computer screen for more than 8 hours gives me those nausea-inducing headaches.
if we're going to denver nick's can i ride the mechanical bull
roll ath
1
concussed
party session cancelled
denver nick's sued
:(
I like talking about ribs and how they're great, but maybe #cooking is better.
Steel City?
Solid place, tubes.
They have a sweet tea, lemon, and mint popsicle sometimes. That one's always good.
I'm pretty psyched to see Nick in Sicol Bend. I'm sure things will conspire to make it a possibility. :P
Nick comes in as Hoagie's wannabe sidekick. That's the real stuff.
I was torn about putting myself back in the queue, but I think I'm happy with leaving my mark as-is.
I have been really enjoying the discussion with Dolyn about Earth Bet's Jimmy Johns-alike.
The hot tub session is non-canonical in parts but not by a lot? I'd probably convert it into a written transcript, if I were to include it in the logs.
I think it's a deduction that makes more sense in retrospect.
@ JustLurking - MSP is one coherent department. I imagine they have two major buildings in each city, so that response times are better and their coverage is wider.
Hi Lys.
What's up?
#WDIndianapolis
It's two arcs away from its conclusion.
While I wait for Cleveland sessions, I have time enough to lay the groundwork for Indianapolis, and introducing the Director is a solid first step in that direction. I've been doing other preparatory work behind the scenes as well.
No, it's the same one.
He was one of the options for Deputy Director.
All told, Saff has churned out 125436 words of supplementary material for Queen alone, with a great deal more for her other characters. The degree to which she gets invested in her characters and the fact that pretty much every NPC she interacts with leaves the interaction with more depth than they started with means I'd be hard-pressed to turn her away from
any of my campaigns.
Fundamentally, Cwn and AQ approach things very differently. The core of their being and how they act - they're driven by very different motivations.
As a completely tangential aside, Teller|March, which out of 1000 or 1024 would you consider a more aesthetically comfortable number?
Oh, spelt, Scrimshaw is a SPEC cape.
He's not on the NPC list because he's hired a lot to do bodyguard / muscle stuff out of town, but he's still based in the city.
Suleiman I ended up not going with, because 5 capes was already a goodly size for SPEC, and he didn't quite fit the theme that I had in mind.
If you get into Indianapolis, I wouldn't be averse to you legacying Scrimshaw. I've fiddled with his background somewhat, and nailed down the mechanics for his power a little more, but the core of it remains the same, particularly the artist bit.
I've been bouncing back and forth between first person and third person PCs, Lurks.
Third is more comfortable for me, after trying both.
I prefer the pink one as it stands, but I think the green color scheme could really rock a circuit board pattern on the bodysuit..
I know she did Queen and Cwn. There might have been more?
I think Bel is referring to the Bayfield Arc 0 session, Lysa.
"[21:50:28] <Antioch|GM> I prefer the pink one as it stands, but I think the green color scheme could really rock a circuit board pattern on the bodysuit.." Try this on for size: Pink circuit boards.
Holy shit, you're right.
How could I have been so blind.
Nonagon, did you update the image you drew of Abby in jail to a more suitable version?
Nice. Can I see it?
Very relatable. Thank you, Non.
I really enjoyed Lily's Christmas session.
It was like the infidelity version of Spy vs. Spy.
I hope things continue to escalate in an entertaining fashion.
That's a solid one, I like that.
Thank you very much for the session, Teller. I really enjoyed it.
This only leaves me excited for more. I'm super jazzed.
That in specific -- now that the groundwork of his plans are laid out more concretely, I'm very enthusiastic about seeing them actually play out.
And, in turn, how they affect each other player.
The whole narrative is starting to come together, and this session just imparted the campaign with a lot of momentum.
Teller -- if you're still around for a few, I have a spreadsheet for you that I'm putting the finishing touches on.
Awesome. Give me one sec.
happy birthday, spelt
More of a hardass than a badass, but the two certainly aren't mutually exclusive.
Two years and seven months, roughly.
Indianapolis, and how long after Cleveland it's set.
Yes. I'll be running Dolyn later today.
I have a prototype coming through on the 3D printer, a late lunch, and a quick faculty meeting to get through, and then I need to tidy out my car, but after that, I'll be ready to go.
The verdict is that the flexible extruder isn't capable of printing a threaded screw hole at such a low resolution, which is mildly vexing. I'll try it with an unthreaded hole and then no hole at all (with intent to drill it myself, later) and then I should be done prototyping.
It's because the part in question is tiny. Think a little nubbin of a rubber bumper about 0.15 inches in diameter.
I don't have a machine precise enough for those fine details.
Urgh. This is a pain. I give up on trying to 3D print something so tiny with flexible material. I'll just print a negative out of hard plastic and cast what I need in silicone tomorrow.
I'm going to fetch an early dinner so I can GM without interruption, clean out my car, and get a quick shower.
Be ready in 1.5 hours, roughly, Dolyn?
Monzanelli's is a well-established tailor/clothier that expanded their repertoire to professional costume design. They're one of three major costume makers in the city.
They do not.
Dol's power is anti-gravity flight and tractor beams, broadly speaking.
It's interesting that Kian's storyline is extremely sympathetic, but I don't have a great deal of sympathy for him as a character.
He's wallowing in enough self-pity that I oughtn't give him more.
I'll say that this session opener has been your strongest thus far, to my recollection.
Hey, Lumina's nice.
They're... marginally nice, I'd argue.
Rundi is too pragmatic and too mischievous to be truly nice, in my opinion.
She does, but I don't think that the primary motivation for that is "because she's a nice person". Nor secondary / tertiary.
Gatorade-board?
Gatorboard?
Verdict is nice because objective morality is objectively the nicest.
Hey, uh, Spell, not to be a butt, but I feel like I see you make a post to that effect most days, if not every day. Could you maybe tone it down a little?
If a firm handshake is a sign of dominance and strength, what does a weak handshake done intentionally to discomfit the other participant signify?
That's more perplexing than awkward.
Koto's selectively nice, but I'd put her pretty far to the right of the scale.
Hey, JustLurking, Firlz showed up a little bit ago.
I'm running Dolyn's character, Guidance, in a prelude-ish session where her Indianapolis character finalizes the purchase of her costume.
Yeah. Favors owed, or proposed character concepts way in advance that really knocked my socks off, or a combination of the two.
The lottery tickets have been determined, and it will take place on 6/15.
I've also updated the trigger events that are up for draft.
Yeah, one moment.
The lottery is technically full up, Gun, but there are a few people here and there that I'm uncertain if they'll stick around until June. Feel free to submit an application, and if there do end up being idlers on the list, you can usurp them.
Certainly, Gun.
Leah works a part time job that started tipping better than average recently, but her main benefit is that she doesn't have any major monthly expenses to speak of, since she still lives with her family.
Yes, I am.
Lame and gay, one might say.
That's basically how it'll go, although I don't remember if it goes left to right and then top to bottom or if I sorted them alphabetically or by ticket amount.
That's right, Firlz. It may be 4. I've had difficult getting in contact with Zene, who's been AWOL for a while.
It is, iri.
Hmm. I don't know if I have a list randomizer add-on for Google Sheets.
Thank you, Gun.
The injury itself is pretty clear-cut, but I like the groundwork that it lies about the type of person that triggered.
It varies from family to family, JL.
Don't fret too much about the trigger preferences in the application.  It's mostly for me to gauge the popularity of each.
Though it does help me guess at what kind of character a given applicant has in mind for playing, it's not a major factor in my decisionmaking process.
I don't recall getting an application from you, iri, sorry. You can still fill one out and get in the 'cancellation' queue for if anyone on the lottery ends up going AWOL you can take their spot, although Gundor is ahead of you.
I haven't taken a look at the submissions yet, but I'll take a peek.
Is this a reference to some sort of media? Sorry, I'm pretty tired, so a lot of things are going over my head.
What if you just assume that all 4 are rolled simultaneously?
I think it's fine if we just ballpark it.
Roughly speaking, most entrants have a ~15-20% chance of getting in, assuming that I'm picking four people.
Yeah, we're hashing out the details of it in PM. The main issue of the small-k springs you're describing is that mass exists regardless of gravity, and conservation of force would mean that a spring weak enough to fall within that threshold would cause the wings to unfurl painfully slowly, if I'm envisioning it right.
I found a good spec sheet for this ballistic aerogel that seems to fit the bill, though, and I think it makes good sense for it to be a little more available in Bet, given the tech curve and its application in lightweight armor and protection, which in turn makes sense for a parahuman costumer to have samples of it on hand.
Enjoy, Thay.
Oh, I think I might understand what you're inferring, Tell.
Sorry, my brain is moving at a snail's pace this afternoon. Schedules got shuffled around, and my naptime was lost amidst the shuffle.
It's in the mid-thousands, Gun. I don't recall if we ever settled on a specific amount, but again, slowbrain.
Me too!
Nice work, Nick.
I added a ticket because you died in Sicol Bend and are thus in one less campaign, tubes
I think I took that one into account, TC. I calculated the tickets about 1.5 weeks ago.
Oh, dang I think you're right. I must have forgotten about it because of finals. I'll see if I can squeeze you in there somewhere.
I think so, yeah. There were a few folks already on there when I finalized the batch, and I recalculated when I added everyone.
Sword of Damocles'.
Mister Maw
Jack Ca$h
"Is this another one of those terrible devil children you keep letting into our organization?"
1) First, you gotta get your hustle going on. Cut some grass, lawn some mow, get in there.
2) Then you stack your money up.
3) And you blow it.
4) By the boatload. That's what I do.
Are you looking for villain names for some of your NPCs?
I am making a Villain Random Name Generator.
I'm using a more selective pool of random words tuned to a more villainous dictionary.
Et cetera.
Feel free to PM me a pastebin of things you'd like to add as the first word or the second word.
Thank you for the session, Dol. I'm sorry if my sleepiness affected it around the end. I'm getting kind of swimmy so it's hard to be objective about my own writing, but I feel like I could have done better.
Quote 483 - [Jan 10 18:44:15] <Antioch> Except for Vern, who has a weird sleeping schedule and lives in a ratty goblin nest built into the crumbling remains of the Berlin Wall. || [Jan 10 18:44:21] <Mari|GM> yeah vern is weird
Merry Hopsmas
George W. Dush?
Whoa, nice.
Enjoy the TV, man.
Make sure Buttery Jensen doesn't knock it over.
I read WD documents on the Google Docs app. It's not bad.
Oh, hey, Opt. I really liked your Wichita sessions as Nox. Sorry to tell you that the campaign lost momentum and didn't pan out.
It's nice to see you back.
Oh? Are you starting a new campaign, Lys?
Oh, I got you. Have fun!
You've got some lucky timing there, Opt.
Oh, I've been meaning to ask, Saff
Did you base Miss Oilslick's personality on anything/anyone?
It's remarkably consistent, from what I've seen of Rain and Jack's interactions with her, but in a way that's really opaque to me
Yeah. I didn't expect her to be that kind of maladjusted, but it came off really wella
*well
She's a very sympathetic character to me, despite essentially jilting two PCs
I'm hoping I see more of her. She feels very multi-dimensional to me, as a character, and the position she's in feels like one wherein she can enjoy a lot of character growth as an NPC that I'd like to see -- curious where she'll end up, personality-wise, after all's said and done.
Yes, that is what the ghost dogs tend to do.
"Are You Smarter Than A Nilbog Minion?"
Triggering from being on a Big Brother TV show sounds like a really great trigger to write for the actual document, Faust.
Oh, that's one of the reasons why I like the drafting thing. There's more opportunity to make narrower triggers, since you're offering participants a selection.
Fingers crossed I get a PC trying to go the rogue route. I think I have most of the unique narration perspectives covered by PCs, but that one would be a good avenue to explore.
We don't have a lot of PCs like that in WD overall, I think? I know Mishie's sort of doing that in Norwalk.
Yeah. Like Dol says, there's not a lot of conflict inherent in the path
You're more likely to get happened to, rather than happen to someone.
The onus is more on the GM to push the narrative in a compelling manner for rogue arcs, I think.
It's a narrative where the character says "I want to do X!" and the story says, "Actually, in the course of doing X..."
Whereas traditional WD character generally goes "I want to do X," and goes out and tries their best to accomplish it, because it's a goal that has conflict inherent in the process.
Yeah, now that Denys is trialling your drugs on the market at the party, I'm really psyched to see where that goes, Mish.
Chiaroscuro
Eclipse is taken, anywho
Former LA Protectorate cape
John Wane
B)
"[23:21:12] <Antioch> Yeah. Like Dol says, there's not a lot of conflict inherent in the path" Alright, everybody, I've got it: play a rogue with Ruin.
I could see that being really fun and interesting. A drug Tinker who wheels and deals, but sells a laced product with a delayed or triggered fatal side effect, as an example.
Fun to portray them after it goes to hell or they get found out, though, so at that point it's less rogue-ish, I suppose.
Evening.
panth is in Singapore the campaign, at least.
You can keep a free account forever. The free version disconnects you from the server after two hours of inactivity, while the paid version ($5/mo.) never disconnects.
When you start, you'll have a week trial of the paid version.
Oh, no, it's one month from tomorrow, sorry.
Sorry for the delay. I don't want to generate too much hype for Indianapolis before I complete Cleveland, so I can keep my focus on completing the campaign.
Wow, that fact almost very nearly caused me to overhaul my mental image of Sicol Bend's architecture and infrastructure, but then I stopped myself because The Goonies is an old movie.
Doing the draft and chargen for new players is essentially the threshold for where my hype as a GM to start Indianapolis in earnest exceeds my hype as a GM to complete Cleveland.
I particularly liked your performance in Wichita, Nox. Although the Indianapolis lottery is full, please feel free to fill out an application. If some of the people on the lottery list turn out to be inactive, then you and some other late submitters can take their place. If that ends up not being the case, you can go in the next drawing.
The relevant links should be in this document.
His dialogue was solid, and the fact that you conveyed the character's thought process as he took various actions is something I'm always happy to see, as a GM.
I also like you parleyed his trigger event into a compelling backstory that gave him a solid set of motivations and goals from the get-go.
* like how
That internal conflict was a really good facet of his character.
I want Opt to stick around, and the best way to do that is to get him in some games, Mega. :P
Bike violence in Sicol Bend!
>:O
"How To Tell You're Headed Towards Wolves Turf:
1) Are there less cars parked on the street?
2) Are the few cars that -are- parked missing tires and resting on cinder blocks?"
Play a rad sack.
Or a mad sack.
Double March-sponsored Heelies
I respect your soundtrack choice, but I would have gone with Jet Set Radio Future.
Mm, that's fair.
Any time is good with me, Tell.
Alright, I think I fixed the permissions on all the linked documents. My bad.
I'm doing prologue sessions for the handful of players that already have existing characters such that I can nail down setting details to start the campaign in earnest.
I think so, Cogo. I'll probably put it in the GDoc and we can go over and clean up any discrepancies / retcons that might be necessary, from what's already written.
I would recommend her not patrolling with a teammate, but visiting a home, following up on a Social Services report on an abusive home situation, checking on the victim in question as a potential trigger.
* visiting a home with said teammate
It's a good opportunity to help touch on the character's empathy, with avenues for conflict.
Queen takes good care of her teeth because she's vain, but she ran into one cape who didn't have any.
I am, I believe.
They would ride along with a PRT liaison, maybe someone with Youth Guard connections, who'd handle speaking to the parent, while the Wards would speak to the kid, is my guess.
Oh, whoops!
Let me reread for more context.
A PRT hero could do much the same, but with someone older
A victim of a violent attack who exhibited powers before they were picked up by paramedics, visiting them in the hospital
Although that's not as compelling, off the top of my head
The milieu of the hospital can tie in to her paralysis, possibly
Pursuing the nemesis could be another thing.
Hah, I just realized that there's a Franklin District in both Sicol and Indianapolis.
I revised mine to Franklin Township District to cut down the ambiguity.
Goofus and Hell Goofus.
"Being an offshoot is about to be fatal, like cancer." - said in Evie's conniving voice.
!addquote  <iridium248> Pah, mutation! What's some horrific mutation in the face of super-powers? <iridium248> $roll 1d100 <[ATM]> iridium248 [1]  = 1 <iridium248> ...Oh dear.
!addquote  <iridium248> Pah, mutation! What's some horrific mutation in the face of super-powers? <iridium248> roll 1d100 <[ATM]> iridium248 [1]  = 1 <iridium248> ...Oh dear.
I'm glad I mutated in Lausanne. The character arc is a lot more interesting for it.
I think I have the vials for Thalia's Minneapolis character, Dolyn's Norwalk character, and a broad list of ones that I provided to vanderhuge for his Case 53 project.
I like making up new vials. It's fun.
I always thought Cauldron capes (excluding C53s) made up roughly 20-25%, but I'm just guessing.
No spammin', Foss.
I don't think rolling luck proves anything.
Poor luck and personal failings are just cornerstones for compelling character growth and narrative. It's a means to an end, not what WD is about.
I think you're missing the point here, Foss.
Yeah, I think that's the case, Non.
Alabaster comes to mind.
Mild mutations, such as the 'electronics / circuit board' skin pattern with a very high chance on Unary, are another example of sub-53 mutations.
Yeah. I remember that too.
I think that's what was implied, but I don't think that it was ever explicitly confirmed, Lysa.
bubble boy
old meme
get it outta here
This is for Opt's? I'll have to work on it tomorrow, my focus is a little split.
I like the trigger, it's just late for me and I'm juggling a few things.
Yep.
I'm getting the starting post typed up, gonna fire it off at 2PM.
Yeah, me too, honestly.
I think this method is more consistent -- there are less "wow, this is really good" powers made, and less "wow, this is really bad" powers made -- but it's also vastly more time consuming.
Granted, the old method had its faults, but on the whole, I'm noticeably less jazzed to chip in on power gen these days.
Heh.
I snorted at that last line, Non.
The only lines I snort are lines of Quality RP
He hasn't.
> A minute in the seven hells
If you want to give me some I'll put them in my article.
Afternoon, Tell.
It's going well. After this session, I'll be starting the penultimate arc of Cleveland, and I'm working on the files you've requested in the meanwhile.
"In which Vern writes a campaign document, where characters and NPCs are based off of existing WD campaigns. To be a player, you must make your own campaign, and then personify it."
Stand Small
Lanie.
Theory: Playpen turned Ashcloud Akira's corpse into chocolate and ate her.
Called it mean names I bet.
I... kind of want to watch a character approach Playpen with a TV show deal.
"Playpen's Clubhouse!" on the Nick Jr. equivalent.
Yeah. I'd get a kick out of that.
Nice work, Lys
Slun as in Russian for Elephant?
I've always Anglicized it as Slon.
Uncle Pit Bull, I have failed you.
:3c
I gave it a once-over and added my thoughts, Lys.
I don't know if you can link Google Scrips to Teller's Github to turn a Google Doc that has a raw into a formatted doc.
But that would be cool.
Less "if" and more "which".
I'm out of shoulders, Dad!
Yeah, will do!
It's just been a busy couple of days.
Try it out, test both fields. The advice you get in either channel will vary a good deal, I assume.
I liked the robot fight. That was pretty cinematic in my mind's eye.
Wb, Tell.
Horn Lord has Fluxus/Refluxus, IIRC.
His Changer form is a little different every time?
The endgame for a trigger isn't to induce a visceral reaction in its reader, IMO
So long as it conveys the themes, the situation, the context, and the point, I'm satisfied
No need to go overboard and describe the taste profile of rancid fat or whatever.
It's more that getting a reaction isn't the primary intent
Rules-as-written it's "take both" but I think for every other social skill it's "pick one", so a lot of GMs house rule it as the latter
IIRC
Jimbo
I prefer 3rd m'self
Good-ish
I log everything
But I wish it was broken up into monthly or weekly chunks
I'll have it for you no problem
Wish we had a log-bot that would upload raws to a web archive but it's not a huge priority
Join/parts on my raw archives mean there's a lot of useless bits
No Liverpool posts in your absence, Gundor. Your logs remain unbroken.
I recall this trigger
SOMA, butchering his wife -- "Worth."
Did Michael get "how to raise your child for dummies" or "the papa rinaldi guide to touch love and discipline"?
* tough love
Johnson's familiar enough, but I don't think I know any Mc/MacJohnsons.
Granted, if you're in the UK / Ireland, I figure that would be more common.
Mailbox-baseball bat is a classic.
I imagine the triggeree is dumb enough to swing the bat at a brick mailbox instead of a post mailbox?
Hard to see them get injured otherwise.
Ohhh, are they standing in the bed of the pick-up truck, Jygg?
Rather than leaning out of the window?
Yeah, I can totally see them falling out.
Took a second for that to click.
It depends on how big the wheels are.
I think there's a broad enough range of trucks to where that's feasible for enough of 'em.
Heh heh.
'Crunchiest'.
A cape journalist should have at least one pip of "Cowering".
I haven't hashed it out yet, really.
He'd remain drunk, but with less fatigue, more energy, and some of the side effects (like the loss of balance) would be cleared up.
I think that there are fundamental differences in the three, granted. "Try hard and fail" is really broad.
Very significant differences in what they were striving for, how they strove, and how they failed.
Alex and Abby's parents are still alive actually.
Abandoning their kids and doing their own thing probably.
Because he doesn't trust the system, presumably.
Granted, I think Mishie's criticisms of the PRT are coming from Horn Lord's perspective.
Schuyler's definitely the one to blame.
He overlooked Rinaldi's abuse, somewhat willfully, in fact, because it gave him a powerful, valuable playing card.
I really appreciated Schuyler's story arc where he legitimately thought he was a good guy and did a lot of atrocious things to fuel his ambition.
He really did have it coming.
I don't think so, unfortunately.
Getting his legs stuck in a kiddie swing while drunk out of his mind at a bachelor party and getting stuck there.
Khandhas, in the style of SNL skit: "We are five wild and crazy guys!"
A good opening to Arc 20, the arc titled "All In," I must say.
I'll give you a hint about Capo's vulnerabilities: Non could have figured it out in three rounds or less, regardless of which character he was using.
!search slipstream
Damn, the quote is gone..
Thanks to Saff for the cool coordination document idea.
I'm looking forward to that.
[ Feb 28 15:09:41 <Antioch> I like Slipstream. Feb 28 15:09:49 <Olivebirdy> It wo - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
Schrodinger's Skydiver.
The Monday on the doc is in-session monday, 12/14/09.
You can schedule a game on most any days except for the ones I mentioned.
Arc 21 will cover Tuesday, and then it'll be all over.
There are 22 arcs.
The first arc was arc 0.
These are double-length (two sessions per player) arcs so I'm concerned that we may not conclude by 6/15 (indianapolis lottery start) but that's OK.
Huhuhu.
Nick, I ~might~ need to move your session to after Thal's.
OK. Roger that.
Saturday is fine with me.
!addquote <Nonagon> You gotta know when to hold 'em, when to fold 'em, and when to cower in fear at the wrath of the almighty Zion.
"another pair of legs"
Too soon, man.
Too soon.
Man, Squad Leader Hamilton has been getting the shit end of the stick since the start of Sicol Bend.
I had zero sympathy for Superstition at the outset (granted, that bias is tinted from Schuyler's perspective, initially), but now I feel pretty bad for her.
That's how you get athlete's foot, Jade.
Is that 'market these nuts' as in "deal with these crazy goons" or as in 'market deez nuts'.
OK.
I was genuinely uncertain between the two.
Lol, it would have been so much funnier if Michael has assumed Jade just said like, a really laconic Zen platitude.
"Is that like a Confucius thing for 'I'm going to take it easy'?"
He always knew how to connect with her.
"starved" for capes!
Heh heh hehe!
Saff and I are very thankful.
Is it for a particular campaign, duck?
That's swell, Nick. I don't know if I have edit rights but if I do I'll update it when I get home.
He left, Megafire. Sunday afternoon. Sorry.
The timing on this note couldn't be better.
Oh, sorry. I was making a facetious statement.
The stuff in it is mostly irrelevant at this point.
Ha, I get it.
I wrote actual Chinese but that's excessive really.
Unless it's like Portuguese <-> Spanish, I wouldn't sweat it?
Tell everyone in town to run away from Deep Six really fast.
"containment mechanisms"
The grave is a difficult one to escape, I hear.
I can think of three ways, off the top of my head, I think.
The third turns him into a vegetable, so it's not as bad?
You've seen how the dude looks from security footage, yeah?
Yeah, like shit.
I was going to say just put Sicol Bend under quarantine, eliminating all sources of Vitamin C, and letting him die of scurvy.
Sorry. Lemons are banned until Deep Six is dead.
Type $join #channelname
Hire a ventriloquist to work with Cassete's legion of Deep Six illusions to make him say silly things or things contrary to his ideology.
Keep doing it until he gets a stroke.
Does Deep-Six's power automatically protect him from hurtful words? Given session 45, I think not.
Have another one go "a la la la la" every time he tries to say something.
That's mean.
Real mean.
Curiously enough, the Indianapolis Protectorate /does/ have two movers that deal with roaming problems.
Very astute.
Nice work!
Don't sweat it! There's no overarching canon between campaigns, really.
Some of us give each other shout-outs.
I just thought it was neat that you were on the nose about the Indianapolis Protectorate movers.
Good night! And welcome.
Relink, Nick?
Got truncated due to post length.
Just run what you want to, and learn while doing it.
I started Cleveland with minimal prep work and not a great deal of experience, but I picked up a lot of stuff over the course of running and now it's snowballed into something pretty big.
That's an interesting suggestion, Bel.
Doesn't jive with my mindset.
Vern: You let me throw cocaine into a man's eyes as a last-ditch attempt to blind him.
That was how.
The answer is that it serves as an irritant, while also getting absorbed by the mucus membranes.
We live and learn.
Would have been nearly 2 years ago on the dot.
I joined the server first week of May 2015.
But yeah, Opt.
I have confidence in you. Feel free to run by a concept or gameplan by me.
I've seen your RP and how you write, and I think you're more than capable.
How so, Bel?
Granted, Bel, I've seen Opt's writing as a PC in an IRC campaign.
I think he knows roughly what to expect.
My game has 100 NPCs and they all work at Nintendo and got me the Switch months before its release.
Sure. It makes sense for your players, Lys.
Oh, don't worry about that.
The shard is a railroady sort of guy.
wew shard indeed.
Alexandria's death wasn't especially publicized, IIRC? Pretender was allowed to continue the charade unless I'm mistaken.
But after the Triumvirate leaves the PRT is a good time, yeah.
As LA has to deal with her absence.
Oh, you're right, thanks for the refresher. My bad.
Not yet, but let me do it right now.
The Elite presence in that area is mighty strong.
Afternoon, Tell.
Is "Rage Cage" where you watch a Nicolas Cage movie and trigger, Jygg?
Relink me, Nick?
Sorry, I was away from work yesterday and only got into the lab a little bit ago.
Looks really solid, Nick.
I don't have edit rights, unfortunately.
Ah, no, I mean I don't have edit rights on the original document.
To implement your changes, that is to say.
You can read this for some context, Foss.
10:04 <VereorNox_> You had a perfectly fine idea that would have made a bunch of people on the server happy
Rookie mistake.
You GM to make yourself happy.
I know that feeling. We're getting a laser cutter in the lab a week from now.
Hmm.
Looking at the suggestions there aren't really any that I'd like.
I've read Mistborn, but I wouldn't enjoy playing power #4.
The Breaker conditionals, the combat applications encouraging algorithmic play over creativity, the emphasis on "real-world physics still applies" despite it being a Breaker as another complicating factor, off the top of my head.
The tie-in of the Breaker state into "you can only use the Shaker field while in Breaker form" and no other discussion on the Breaker form itself.
The unnecessary complexity of "either Shaker area repulsion or directional repulsion" turned into a weird bubble resizing thing.
It's a TK repel field Shaker (which has been done before) with some weird stuff added on that doesn't especially make it more exciting or special.
'TK push' + 'TK bubble' is all you really need, if you want to go that route.
The rest is just conditionals or exceptions or unnecessary hard numbers (at this juncture).
Hard numbers in powergen should inform rough strength of the power, not establish battlemap / resource management / spatial complexity / etc.
I'm not really feeling Breaker from this trigger, hmm.
I could see something like a sandcrete geyser/sinkhole shaker, and working from that direction, but I'm out running errands, if anyone wants to refine on that idea.
Remind me to bring this up again later when gen is over, but I feel like I've been kind of disheartened by the majority of new gens, and feel noticeably less enthusiastic about chipping in.
It's less "this has been done before" and more "this doesn't look fun to play", at least from where I'm standing.
^
But let's table that for now, and bring this gen to a satisfactory conclusion.
Then revisit our concerns and potential solutions.
if I had to pick one to start from, I think I would use three or six. I'm not super duper excited about either one though.
Once I'm out of this meeting I'll take a crack at polishing up one of them and also put out one of my own assuming it's not done yet.
Sure, but there's only so many bricks I can make out of this clay
Generally, we try to ask before triggering to ensure that multiple people are available to help, but I think that because powergen takes 3-5 times longer on average, it crops up more and ends up being more of a bother.
OK, I'm back from my errands. Still calibrating, but available.
Ping me when you're ready, soulpelt|sleep.
Hrm.
Was supposed to run Spelt today.
Even had it scheduled and everything.
Hmm.
That's a pretty small timespan for him to get his session in.
Would you be available at any point tomorrow?
When would be a good time for you? I have most of tomorrow to work with and don't mind running you at the same time as Thal.
Alright, sounds good.
Michael Rivera vs Sicol Bend
It'd be cute to see fanart of that done, with Horn Lord and Whirlwind and all of the other Sicol Bend characters drawn Scott Pilgrim style.
A stylized arm cannon that fires 8-bit knife projectiles.
Pshoo pshoo pshoo.
Haha, Superstition would feel very at home in a Scott Pilgrim comic, I feel.
@ Thalia and soulpelt|, I'm ready to run the two of you.
Ping me when you're ready.
#WDCleveland for Lumina and #WDCleveland2 for Wink, please.
There's precedent (antecedent?) for Cauldron offering parahuman lives at a greater magnitude (to GU, IIRC, and regular lives to Moord Nag).
I'm glad you think so. What parts do you like so that I can work on them more and keep it up?
Hey Lex, has your belly button imploded yet
Vern, I'm getting a little tired of you saying "literally who is" multiple times each day, particularly when it's in reference to genuinely new people to the channel. It's not particularly welcoming, and it doesn't foster pertinent discussion.
I'm not really sure why I settled on the Midwest.
I think I picked Cleveland on a whim, and throughout the course of the campaign, had sufficient material to flesh out peripheral departments.
Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't
I'll be AFK for a little bit. Making dinner and having a meeting with the new roommate.
Don't worry, Pelt.
I'll be free for the rest of the night after dinner & such.
No need to rush.
I'm pretty interested to see where the campaign ends, because I'm not really sure where the chips will fall at this point myself.
This is a pretty fun song, Tubes.
It's going of like, electronic rock opera-y.
*kind of
I'll be busy for a while longer. Making dinner etc.
Same passerby who waved at Ravel and Hamilton: "Wan, you suck!"
Yep.
I'm always down for more internal monologue.
Not this upcoming week, but the week after?
Pinyin.
Err. I have the pinyin keyboard that turns it into characters.
像這樣者。
It's not my thing, is it? I use it from time to time
But only infrequently
Follow me
Set me free
Trust me and you will escape from the city
Hmm. Wouldn't make sense, I think, given the three year timeskip.
They would be more interesting with a PC behind them, Fir
More than 350K, I'm pretty sure.
And if not 350k than at least 300k.
Not counting actual sessions, ofc.
It's Hoppin
Slither's ghost
It wouldn't, you're right, Fir.
Lysa, no!
If it's a numbered department, there are lots of capes.
I'm liking the new Mountain Goats album, Bel.
Some downsides remain (e.g. impaired judgement).
Haha, that's sneaky, Lex.
I like that.
Ravel is trying to trick a freshly-arrived, disoriented version of Katja/Kat/DeWitt/whatever into thinking they're allies, Mish.
I liked the "church and state" line, Faust.
She's been having a pretty rough time of it lately.
It's in need of some sprucing up, methinks.
I just made that split right now, tubes
So I'm in the midst of tidying that up
Feel free to add Cayo capes to the active list.
Between active/inactive?
Hrmm. I... honestly couldn't say.
I opened up the document and did that on essentially a gut feeling.
Granted, Saff.
The cape database is kind of a clusterfudge at the moment.
Who's a good boy? Bert is! Yes he is!
Yeah. I liked them and I wanted them to see some spotlight.
Yeah, you stole them from my original list of unused capes. :P
Get ready for the Trinity of Triumph.
As one tends to, in a meth orgy.
Sorry, Lex. You're in the Sicol Bend AU campaign now.
"Sicol Bend #74(?): In which Ravel escapes multiple apes."
Oh dear. The Sicol Bend AU campaign is you now.
"In which multiple Ravels escape the same ape."
Huh. Has SCG been secretly playing as McBride from the shadows all this time?
Are you sure a permanent swap would be a bad thing, Non?
I bet Urban Terrorist Ravel wouldn't have let Culverin beat the shit out of her.
I... kind of want to see this happen again, but this time Ravel gets to replace an alternate Ravel that's just sitting down and having a nice lunch.
(in the same tone as Ravel's "Grenade?!?" internal monologue) "Chicken salad with... cranberries?!?"
Yeah.
She's better now.
That's pretty slick, Non. Would you mind if I looked at it? It sounds really interesting.
Also... I was updating the Word Count documentation for Cleveland, and I must've glossed over it for all of my previous edits, but there are columns to denote player IRC usernames -- multiple ones, for multi-player sessions.
But the columns go from Player 1 to Player 6.
And it must be the late hour or something, but I spent a solid 5 minutes staring at the blank Player 6 column, thinking to myself, "Ah, this is the definition of hubris."
I just consolidate those into one username. It's manual input, anyhow.
Pardon the mess. I did a bulk upload of Arc 19/20 today and haven't proofread or written synopses.
Hrmm, I'm a little puzzled at your last line, Lex. Did I miss a Ravel/Broadcast interaction?
Sad if true. Broadcast is one of my favorite Sicol Bend NPCs.
Are you letting Snowdrop and Katja go, but still foamed up?
Nice.
"OK, we give up, see you guys later."
*muffled cheering whilst stuck in foam* "We won!"
I wanted to comment on the Katja scene-swaps. Those were really well done. It's a cool power, certainly, but how you handled it by disrupting the flow of the narrative made it all the more cooler (and did a great job of organically conveying Ravel's disorientation, making it that of the reader's as well).
you don't have to sweat the skills that much if you're making NPCs.
I think that running them through a tutorial session might be more helpful?
Heh. I went in the other direction. I started out using more rolls, now I use/request them more infrequently.
This is an IRL campaign you're running?
Keep us posted on the story!
I'm curious why Kat didn't boop Claire on the nose and say "look! this is what your life could be like!" and have everyone back away.
It isn't. Hypo is dead.
I really like The 800's name, also.
It's one of those cape names that tells you about what sort of person they are. It just sort of clicks.
"Eight-hundred pound gorilla" joke.
14:17 <Nick> what's crimson whoever's deal?
He's a mercenary that the PRT contracts to recapture escaped Birdcage-bound prisoners. His Shaker ability inconspicuously targets patches of ground such that chains comprised of the origin material entangle nearby victims and attempt to drag them beneath the ground.
I forgot about ripcord. Will fix in the logs.
Hammerwatch.
Critical.
Go ahead Nick. I pulled an all nighter yesterday so I don't think I'm able to run anything today. Sorry.
19:56 <Valence> The WD Myrrdin
The Elite is one organization, but each city has its own leader, its own methodology.
Agnes Court is more on the straight and narrow, e.g., assisting with shoring up West Coast cities to prepare for / in the wake of Leviathan attacks.
Whereas Bastard Son is... well, Bastard Son.
@ Nick / Saff : late start today, sorry. woke up late, need to run a few errands
The "I'm no longer attractive" stressor outpacing the "I'm getting painfully mutilated" stressor is one I've seen before, but I liked the classical music touch.
For modifying the trigger, Wellwick, I'd suggest emphasizing the victim being chosen for some physical characteristic (some kind of defect, from the mind of the kidnapper), then painfully having that defect excised.
Would be an interesting direction to take it.
this is a malevolent cursed-ass grocery store
Yeah.
I'm just trying to get myself sorted / awake / alert.
Out of the tiny auxiliary lab and into my real one.
Since the fricking extruder drive gear on my 3D printer keeps slipping on PLA and stripping the filament.
Hey, Nick, are you done with your airport errands?
That's alright. Just let me know when you're ready.
I need some time to recombobulate myself, anyhow.
Sicol's happening, Cleveland should start up soon once Nick gets back from the airport.
Is Fireback about to commit an ape-on-ape crime?
"I have no experience with this operating system!"
Hmm, how long do you think that'll run you, Nick?
Nah, we can get that started now.
Nick can have #WDCleveland, Saff can have #WDCleveland2
Only if Bel told them.
I think there would still be Cauldron leaders post-Echidna. Not everyone was outed.
To answer your question, though, most leaders are pretty durable in some way or another, and have better than baseline mobility, IIRC.
Myrddin did have the minor flaw of thinking he was a great and mighty wizard.
"[21:56:19] <Antioch|GM> I think there would still be Cauldron leaders post-Echidna. Not everyone was outed." Horizon from Anchorage has such a similar power to mine in Lausanne I'd be surprised if she wasn't a Cauldron cape,and she was team leader in Dept 64.
I don't recall Horizon's power off the top of my head.
Was she the one who launched things super far and super hard, depending on how much empty space was behind them?
I don't remember Horizon's different lookin' abilities.
Oz was a good leader for that criteria, IIRC.
I hadn't planned on it, Pelt.
Wow, that is quite like Lumen's, you're right.
I have a lot of fun coming up with the rat minion quotes.
They're one of the sole pleasures I take from life.
22:27 <Nonagon> Hm, the ENTIRE Protectorate couldn't beat the 800. Let's see what I, a random dope who looks like a gorilla, can manage.
A gorilla would know their own weaknesses, and thus, the weaknesses of other gorillas.
Give him the Gorilla Sleeper! The Smoky Elbow! Kick his monkey butt! With your own monkey butt!
This fight scene is fantastic, Teller.
I hope Mr. 800 is having fun.
Mazinja, I'm really liking your RP.
You've been doing consistently great with Cheery and Fireback. I'm always a fan of that sort of internal monologue.
I'd like to GM you again, sometime down the line. Sad Tribal never got a chance to shine.
Good luck!!!
Better the gorilla you know than the gorilla you don't, Non?
Can't you just beat the snot out of the new gorilla?
Blame the new gorilla's victory on its blatant disregard for public safety and collateral damage?
It was, indeed, the dog.
Hey Nonagon. Would tomorrow be a good time for your session rather than today? Sorry for the sudden change of plans, I realized that it would make more sense running in tandem with ColdGold's.
Thanks. Sorry about the last minute switch.
Anansi on Friday? I don't know your work schedule off the top of my head.
Would be happy to handle it asynchronously over GDocs, that said.
I'd just take the Tinkertech and try to hock it elsewhere.
No point in getting into fights.
I think they do that in Portland too?
The one way tickets thing.
Take him alive and tell one of your robots to wear him like a suit
Just have a layer of ablative armor that self-destructs the entire robot violently when breached.
That's barely even a concern
I like how we've changed goalposts so far that the argument is "you can't kill me if I'm already dead"
Hey Megafire.
Are you ready for the dubious honor of playing in the 150th Cleveland session?
It traps people and objects nearby in a hard candy shell, so they melt in your mouth, but not in your hand.
Freeman left town right before Cleveland imploded on itself, so that's nice.
Not as much as anticipated, sadly.
Watch out. Steve is a very powerful Thinker.
Guess you'll never find out.
A good bit after, Thal.
Lol, I just thought to myself, "what's the most nutritionally complete thing a person who's on the brink of falling asleep and also has no teeth can eat"
But now I want some too
I have onion and kielbasa at home. Do I have potatoes.
whew
Any time next week would be good, I think.
Not this weekend though. I'll be in Atlanta.
I think Monday will be good for me, but I'll have that one as a tentative yes. I might be wiped out from the trip.
Works for me.
Arcs 19 and 20 still need a lot of cleaning.
And sure, Saff.
When one player goes all in, everyone else has to either match or fold.
watching
waiting
commis
erating
I have hella plans
I'm really pumped for tomorrows sessions
You guys' sessions were the build-up
I'm excited for your upcoming sessions
I'm running Dodger and Nach
Priority 3 alert skreee gigawatt OD
It was the one where the cat made his clone explode
And he was talked to a bunch of civilians to try and find an arsonist
It was Quickdraw, yes
1) Kick Tomas real hard in the dick.
2) ???
3) Rescue Siege.
Only Rain of Despair is allowed to do that.
And I only give her a pass because of how charming and roguish she is!
I like that Norwalk touches on the life outside of the mask. I hope I can convey similar themes in Indianapolis.
I think that most WD campaigns diverge from Worm in terms of theming just by dint of having a diverse cast of perspective characters (whereas Worm has Taylor as the primary protagonist).
The shows I watch tend to bleed into my GMing as well.
I've been poking through OitNB, White Collar, The Wire, The Get Down. Going to check out Narcos on CG's recommendation.
Have you seen Rashomon?
@ ColdGold 
It's the original multiple-storylines film, IIRC.
Basically, Rashomon is a Japanese film that tells the story of a crime committed through a series of flashbacks, all from different character perspectives.
I like how it handles the perspective shift, and how the scene/character changes build on each other and give each other narrative heft/momentum.
Ditto, Tell. I do tend to osmose certain character traits and appearances, though.
None that are too blatant, but a good deal of Pain Train's personality/traits ended up being derived from OitNB's Pennsatucky.
Orange is the New-- yeah.
Oh, the really cool thing about Rashomon is that the different flashback perspectives contradict each other.
It's this really neat twist on the unreliable narrator premise.
Yeah, CG was talking about how he drew inspiration from Game of Thrones to handle the multiple-protagonist perspective of his campaign.
So I asked if he'd seen Rashomon before.
It's a genuinely entertaining watch. I'd just sit down and watch it for fun, and then replay it to pay attention to the little details, as far as pacing, scene changes, momentum, the means through which the story is told.
And I say this as a guy who's not really into sitting down and devoting my full attention to movies.
The dynamics and pacing of the action, as well as where the scenes slow down or speed up depending on context have that Saturday morning cartoon feel.
I think I felt it most during the Hops vs. Bankrupt fight.
The two most satisfying outright fights I've had in WD, in terms of action and punchiness, are Evie vs. Swordfish and Angler and Einstechen vs. Herrschaft, so you had a hand in both of those, CG.
In terms of dramatic tension, Schuyler vs. Rinaldi and Carpenter was the most intense, but it's in a different sort of genre from the previous two, I feel.
As a GM, I approach fights with the mindset that I want to provide a meaningful challenge to the player, to test their strategic combat skills, push them to try new tactics, and to emphasize the stakes of the fight.
This mindset comes more to the fore for players like CG and Nonagon -- for other players, fights are just a way to advance the narrative.
Saff's fights help her character come to terms with how she perceives herself and the violence she inflicts, e.g.
I lump you into the same kind of combat-as-narrative-vehicle pool as Saff, Nick.
Hmm. I'd have to see more of your characters, Spelt. For Wink, it's easy to fall into the pattern of "make them sleepy, shoot them up, mix and match to your satisfaction", so I'd probably have to review some Groundskeeper sessions.
Yeah, Thal. I wasn't happy with the power in terms of it being a good PC power.
But it made one hell of a narrative device.
Granted, there are some powers that naturally lend themselves more to strategic use.
And there's still a great deal of satisfaction in just a fight of trading punches, done well -- Fireback vs. The 800 was a very fun one to watch.
Yeah. Maz's internal monologue was super.
Can you really call it combat when you get choked out and dropped eight or so stories without putting up meaningful resistance?
Sometimes, kicking a shmuck in the goolies is both the correct and satisfying thing to do. If you play that sort of character.
Oh, wow, I didn't even realize that the gorilla one said "God's Hand" instead of Hand Grip until just now.
Teller's comment makes much more sense.
I'm not a student over the summer, I'm just doing labwork.
A lot of the labwork I do involves calibrating a 3D printer, which means there's a lot of downtime involved.
I don't run nearly as much during the year.
Maybe one session a week.
Bear in mind I'm in grad school -- I have six hours of coursework and three hours of thesis work on my schedule, and a TA position that's 20 hours a week. It's relatively light, though I've been spending more time in the lab lately because I'm having trouble focusing.
Pretty good. I'm working out the kinks. It takes a lot of effort to calibrate print profiles for dual extrusion. I should have PLA+nPVA done by tomorrow, fingers crossed.
The tension knobs driving the extruder gear slip on PLA filament, but I think I have a fix in place now.
It's just a type of plastic I 3D print with. I usually use ABS but PLA plays nicer with soluable support structures.
That reminds me of Red's power in Transistor. 
You could have drained Boxcars, shrugged, and said, "well, he wasn't going to make it past anyways."
Or punted Full Throttle off of his flying motorbike.
Right, him.
It colors peoples' perceptions of him.
Makes allies distrust him, enemies less like to hold back.
I know it's kind of late, but I have a kind of crude trigger concept that I'd like to tinker around with and refine.
Is anyone around that can help me out?
Anywhere I can clean it up?
Yeah, that's what I had in mind as far as rough age, Lys.
Any thoughts or suggestions that could go towards improving the trigger to flow a little better?
If not, I can table it for tomorrow.
It's a trigger I'd worry about being rolled, I have to say. I can see some contention as to what sort of power it might make.
I try to write triggers to inspire character ideas, with powers as a secondary.
But I worry, all the same.
I knew it felt familiar. Sorry for ripping you off, Non.
That's probably where the gut feeling came from, too, of it being hard to gen a power for.
I definitely remember something similar happening to one of my triggers as well.
Yeah, that was my starting point as well.
Definitely was inspired by what you wrote, then. Just couldn't place where I recalled it from.
I'd like to revisit the trigger that got outright deleted because it was too hard to gen for at some point.
Back when everyone could edit the trigger doc. :<
I'm pretty firmly in the camp that trigger gen falls through because of the participants rather than the author, but that's obviously a pretty subjective opinion.
It's also biased by the fact that I'm the person who vets the active trigger list.
I'm happy with freeform, but I think that the folks that tend to favor it are channel veterans.
Mm... my priority for powergen is ensuring that players get a fun and interesting power that's enjoyable to play.
2 hours was long for oldgen, but it's slightly shorter than the norm for now.
It's time consuming, and I understand that the voting process means that everyone's ideas get consideration... some ideas aren't worth consideration.
Many aren't, really.
So I'd like a relatively quick powergen with a fitting and fun power that I can use as a tool to advance a character's narrative while they utilize it in unique and creative ways.
And everything else is secondary.
And if that means I do oldgen specifically while Nonagon's online, so be it.
I archive all powergens. Newcomers can read those to get themselves up to speed.
I'm not sure if oligarchy is the right word, Thal.
Well, Jygg, do you think any of those ideas fit the criteria I listed out?
Granted, mine are stringent.
But we can boil it down to:
1) makes a fun and unique power
2) doesn't take forever to get there
3) people don't get butthurt when their ideas aren't picked
4) nobody's arguing over class for >25% of the powergen process
Those are the ones that come to mind immediately, at least.
It really isn't.
At least I'm not making a secret powergen channel that only people I trust to make good powers are invited to, Thal.
. o O (( On second thought... ))
How many layers of Weaver Dice Illuminati are you on
you are like a little baby
watch this
Bringing RNG or an algorithmic design process doesn't sound appealing to me in any way whatsoever, Jygg.
I've had that concern plenty in the past, where people like Ellardy pound their fist on the power gen classification manual like it's the bible, and it bogs down chat.
The issue with the powergen discussions is more often than not, people don't want to budge from their positions or admit that the power they submitted is bad.
And I think it's led to veterans criticizing more harshly, to get the point across.
I think some of the issues with new powergen could be alleviated if the process is moderated by a veteran genner, but that's a hell of a timesink and a disproportionately inconvenient burden for the outcome.
And there's not really a clean-cut way to moderate the problem, when designing a power is a very free-form exercise derived from subjective thematic interpretations of a trigger.
I'll be adding that to the chanrules, Saff.
I'm also considering asking Teller to implement a function for [ATM] in Weaverdice channel where if someone types $trigger it needs a minimum of 3 (maybe 4) ayes, or something similar?
It fixes a small portion of the problems that have accumulated.
But the long and short of it is that trigger gen is a messy and sort of unpleasant process in various aspects, and the people who are most experienced and capable of meaningful contribution lack incentive to participate.
I'd like to, at some point, sit down with Tell and Nona and a few others to do example gens, trying to touch on most classifications, with all background chatter excised and the process archived to serve as an example.
Bot script tests go in #clienttesting.
We have a channel dedicated for that already.
Yeah.
I can point to a lot more old gens I'm satisfied with than new ones, though that may be timescale.
Non has the best grasp of mechanics and numerical balance/implementation, so the final synopsis plus some numbers was generally his purview, yeah.
I do it sometimes, but I get the feeling it's not as intuitive for me.
And for the recent gens (Rockport, I think, comes to mind) despite my attempts at steering things back on course, bad powers still came out.
The Rainbow Knight power getting scrapped for something way less playable stuck in my head.
And part of the issue is that know-nothing ding-dongs, of which we have plenty, have the same vote weight as people who know what good powers look like, of which we have few.
The point isn't to pit two powers against each other in a bitter slugfest
But people want their power to be the one getting picked even if it stinks
Creator bias
And it's better if someone who knows their shit can keep them in line and gank what's good out of the suggested ideas
And if there's nothing good to gank, oh well, it happens.
That's just the reddit plague trickling in.
Enjoy, tubes.
Get the Grand Slamwich for me.
Non is a powergamer, but not a munchkin, I think is the way to put it.
Definitions of both vary, so t goes.
Effectively 6 for evasion, w/ stand tall.
Nonsense.
Foolery.
If y'all want to knock out some loose rules of thumbs and thoughts and guidelines I can try and tidy them up, codify 'em.
Damn it. I keep reading codify as "to turn into my Detroit character, Cody".
That is not what I want to do.
Ahaha.
The rulebook is a fickle, chimeric beast.
Yeah, that would be my guess.
I didn't know you had genetics know-how, Non. Learn something new every day.
Bamboozled again!
Fuck, I only have 23 hrs to learn something new.
Nvm, we're good.
Oh shit!
So I did.
Doc Mom: "This kid is fucking ripped how about we get him /juiced/ if you know what I'm saying"
Which two capes were you thinking of, Thal?
I can think of one cape in Cleveland that might be able to do a decent job with a lot of fallout, but not any of the PRT/Protectorate.
I'd say nah to either.
Something as simple as a Mortal Lock beam blows up a Valiant ghost, and Cwn's space rips would probably react poorly.
Like how Playpen's did on a smaller scale, maybe.
I was actually thinking of Sordina.
Replay a sonicboom directly in his ear, rinse and repeat.
Eventually his brain will turn to jelly.
Not sure if it'd work, but back when I was conniving, I always thought sound was a good vector of vulnerability for Deep Six.
He doesn't need to breathe, IIRC.
Otherwise a pyrokinetic could go all out and deplete the oxygen nearby.
That's true, Non.
It all comes down to how perfect his passive defense is, in the end.
Both in terms of reaction time (which I assume to be instantaneous), and threat recognition.
Presumably the two interacted before Oz's death.
It's no longer relevant information, aside from maybe shedding some light (ha) on Deep Six's vulnerability to certain Master effects.
I have a system set up with Teller where he can use a time slot within the week to request a number of specific files (fight archives, cape psych reports, request interdepartmental dossiers, etc).
I imagine big departments have a "clean room" with a database that's unconnected to any external source (has its own generator) that can only be accessed after stringent master/stranger protocols, for extremely sensitive information.
Galileo b
*.
I like how you mixed up Galileo and Figaro probably due to Bohemian Rhapsody.
Galileo (as far as I can tell) teleports discrete structures and those enclosed within them?
I think there are definitely nuances to his power that I haven't seen.
Oh I was just saying that Deep Six isn't the type of dude to be enclosed within a discrete structure for long.
@ Mega, it was just a thing that happened. I made the conclusion that PRT staff would allow their immediate families refuge in the building and the cafeteria was the most sensible congregating area.
In retrospect, it was a good setup that I'm glad you declined, for IC reasons, but a lot of story events are unfolding organically without any need for me to target specific scenes for specific purposes.
The campaign has enough momentum to see it through. I just have to be the one to put the words out there.
'twould be for your face, not your session, were it so.
I'm just about done with lab stuff, just need to go and pick up some groceries real quick.
Laundry detergent, eggs, tea. I'm out of town for the weekend so it isn't much.
It's the start of June and school isn't over yet?
Gosh!
I'm so used to it ending mid-May at the latest.
Queen of Erectile Dysfunction
o7
"[13:38:11] <Antioch> Queen of Erectile Dysfunction" Isn't that just Amphetamine Queen.
I don't know if losing your boner from the cringe-inducing sensation of a toothy blowjob is technically erectile dysfunction, but I can see the merit in that argument.
Pain Train isn't representative of the whole group.
BFT and Agent Orange both have no longstanding dental issues.
in about an hour or an hour and a half, give or take.
ColdGold in #WDCleveland, Nonagon in #WDCleveland2
Ready when you are
Sorry for the wait
Let me know when you folks are done with the trigger.
I have a draft of one I wouldn't mind getting some help with.
Nah, Vorpal.
Remember Nach's session with all the Tinkers and Vorpal and such?
Stacking paralytic barbed tongue
Reee!
The tongue could be a minor thing that fucks with their senses and perceptions
And makes them more vulnerable to the scream?
I had a hard time making Loup-Garou's dialogue at first, but I feel like it's coming more naturally to me these days.
Life Perk: You're german.
Hey, I don't care about talking to Ignatius either.
You're right, Saff. I should go talk to Ignatius so I can call him ugly and beat him up.
It's only fair.
Ghostleather
Everyone in SB is kind of scummy, barring Delphi.
She just kind of got dragged/pressured into the whole thing.
I'm amazed you're on here and talking to us.
And not making any typos.
Wish you a speedy recovery, and all the rice pudding you care to eat.
tubes.
Horn Lord has it.
Cody has it.
Quaff's a good kid who just wants everyone to enjoy the fun of having superpowers. :(
Artful doesn't, IIRC.
Yeah.
Depends on the code you go with, pelt.
Cody's is "he has to beat the shit out of anyone who says remotely racist".
If someone says "ching chong" within earshot, he has to break their teeth on the urinal.
He can break their teeth on his fist or knee. It's an acceptable substitute.
He would probably beat the shit out of someone for asking if Jackie Chan was his uncle.
For the latter, definitely yes.
Not if you enjoy beating the shit out of racists at every available opportunity.
Ganons only.
Yes, Pink, he would beat the shit out of them.
I have the feeling I'd say yes to most of these.
Her gramma's in the homeowner's association?
Good on her.
Cody's too busy crying atm.
A petting session, Nick, not a heavy petting session.
Wow, rub it in why dont'cha.
* Catholic
Either St. Michael the Archangel, or Edith Stein (St. Teresa Benedicta) -- she's the patron saint of /converted/ Jews.
That's... not the entirety of a long stretch of Catholic history, dude.
Edith Stein was beatified in 1987.
That's two different things.
Beatified is "I'm the Pope and I confirm that this person totally made it into heaven and you can pray to them so they can intercede on your behalf."
Canonized is "I'm the Pope and this person who's in heaven is a saint now."
Both are postmortem.
Criteria for beatification involve the deceased having performed a miracle via intercession.
Oh, yeah, I think Pope JP2 changed the process.
Oh, folks, can you help me tidy up this trigger?
This one.
Also, Cleveland folks -- BRB. Going to drive around for a little bit.
I hope you guys like my stylish battle map.
High-Spec is like a couple of Megaman bosses smushed together, so that works pretty well, Tell.
Low for Not Mutation
'twas confusing to me at first.
It'd be really down to talk about backtracing powers into trigger events for NPCs (@ Teller, Non, Pink ) at some later point.
Ditto, Non
Reimann mutated when he rolled a 3
Strat's one of my favorite Detroit NPCs, btw.
That would be cool, Tell.
I was also wondering about having Cashy require three or maybe four 'ayes' if someone wants to roll a #Weaverdice trigger powergen?
Sounds like a Canary non-53 to me, Lurks.
You do, sir
Sorry Thal. You're a pineapple now. It's God's will.
I, too, would cry/
.
OK.
; - ;
A blu, blu, etc.
To fill in the holes in your gums? Or each poet mourning the loss of an individual tooth?
These are cheaply thrown together, tubes.
Hi Sor! I feel like it's been a while but I could be wrong.
Methodology and such, I suppose
I think it's just interesting to discuss the process
And how a character's personality can inform their backtraced trigger, or vice versa.
Oft both!
I can point to a few Cleveland NPCs as examples and go into detail, if you like. We're close enough to the end that I don't much mind.
I like that pastebin!
It feels good. Reminds me of the old Stranger doc, sort of.
I think I go about it a little differently, in terms of "what made this person who they are today?" but I do try to feed the themes of the power into the themes of the trigger.
I'm really happy with how Undine's trigger/backstory came about, even though she's a relatively minor character in the grand scheme of thing.
*things
Ooh, I like the ECT tie-in.
That's a really neat angle.
Ah, yeah, that's true, Non.
Sometimes I backtrace a trigger and I'm like "wow, goddamn, this fits in perfectly" and I'm very happy about it.
But I only have a handful of those.
I'm curious about a few Grantsville ones, come to think of it.
Lots of things I want to ask. But I'm super invested in finishing Cleveland and pouring all my energy into it.
Spade, Surf/Shell, Junius, Golden Son, off the top of my head?
Man. Thinking about it, I'm really curious about how Junius and Longinus would have interacted.
They occupy a similar character-space in my head.
Nice to have you back.
Not that I can recall. If you did, it's not in my outline/notes.
I quite like that.
Is there any Sicol one you'd be willing to share? I just like hearing more about your NPCs, to be honest.
You really gotta. The NPCs are really well made too.
Yeah.
Red's would be interesting to hear, especially because she's a Breaker.
Poor Thrice. :(
I have a few that I like too, but I realized I've never written them out (at least in a Google Doc). Sometimes I discussed them with Cogo / Saff / in chat but they're not nailed down. I should do that at some point.
I'd definitely be into hearing about DeWitt's and Azz's. Snowdrop's, too, I think.
I really want to know Superstition's, but I'll hold out for the chance that it might come up in a future session, or I can otherwise give my best guess once all's said and done.
I assumed the trigger exacerbated a preexisting condition.
Yeah, I can get that.
I think my mind defaults to "phobias are things that cause you to trigger" over "triggers are traumatic events that can create phobias" as a baseline assumption.
Night, everyone. I'm hopeful to chat more about this sort of thing later, but it will be a busy weekend.
:(
If she could and found out, it'd recontextualize Longinus's broadcast.
@ FossilLord
It would be nice if we could talk about backtracing NPC triggers again.
I did it for Neptunia and Augury in Norwalk and it was fun.
I'm working through the Indianapolis NPC triggers right now but it's slow going.
Sort of, Faust.
A Blaster with a Tinker sub-type was hard to puzzle out but I'm really happy how it turned out.
I'm hoping to apply a similar process to Axis.
Yeah, Tell.
Neptunia and Axis are both Blaster sub-Tinkers, but they have wildly differing personalities and power themes.
But it gives me a less murky path to tread.
I could see rolling $npc / $pc and trying to backtrace a trigger from there as a fun group exercise but personality doesn't come into that.
I'm really looking forward to tying in the "attraction / repulsion" theme into Axis's trigger. That's crucial to who she is as a person.
But I don't have all the pieces yet.
I'm really happy with Pain Train's. She falls into the A) category you described.
I think that most of the triggers I write are biased towards A, thinking on it.
I tend to default to "personality informs the trigger" rather than the other way around, but I'll try to branch out from there.
Racking my brain to think of any NPCs I have that might fit the B or C category more.
That's the gist of it, echoe.
It's a good thing I'm awfully forgetful. :)
zip is fine. I spoke with him over Facebook in March.
Louisiana somewhere.
Why?
He's working on things more important than running a campaign. I feel it would be in bad taste to get on his case about it.
I'm aware, but it doesn't make it less distasteful.
Part of the reason why he doesn't show up back here is because he feels bad about not following through with his campaign – the last time he stopped by to visit that was what a great deal of the messages directed at him were.
I'm familiar with that sort of stress/pressure and can commiserate.
I'm not really feeling it right now, sorry.
Did the guy who was going to play Sad Hand vanish from Cayo?
I liked that power.
Shame.
co
coo
Hmmm.
I want to play a gross, unpleasant, squat Changer (a la a worse version of Always Sunny's Frank Reynolds) called Knob Goblin. Yes, this seems like a good course of action.
I used to have a fuck of a time coming up with civilian names for PCs or NPCs but now it's an automatic process.
Haven't had to randgen any for Indianapolis NPCs yet. They all just felt right.
Annwn.
Nathaniel Schuyler, Sina Hagen, Jack Voigt, Evie Russo.
Uhh. Some others.
His Indianapolis civilian name is... arguably worse than "Jimmy Neutrawn" or however he spelled the last name.
Freezeout in Grantsville.
Goon Annwn
Do you char the bones before boiling them into broth?
Pho uses beef broth. To get the richest flavor, char beef bones until they crack and allow the marrow to boil out.
The conspiracy madlibs "weapon" list is drawing from the trigger "weapon" list.
It should be saying stuff like ricin and subliminal messaging.
Hi Tell. Dolyn has something for you.
Gee.
What a powergen.
I think my top Wink moment is when he accidentally called Kusakabe "shit-idiot" by mispronouncing his name.
Kusakabe?
That's just a Japanese surname.
Cwn's "mutation" is the fact that her skin constantly emits dark, heavier-than-air smoke.
It's mostly just a "say goodbye to your civilian identity" flaw.
Nobody was speaking any Japanese, IIRC.
Chinese has come up, mostly in panth's sessions.
But I don't think I ever wrote any exchanges in Japanese, since I'm not fluent enough to be confident in that regard.
English is my second language, Jov.
I'm decently comfy using Chinese in writing.
Less, really.
Prosthetics are not infectious.
They really shouldn't.
I'm out of town for the weekend, so none from me, at least.
The current itinerary is to wrap up Arc 20, start Arc 21, begin the lottery and chargen process for Indianapolis, finish Cleveland, begin Indianapolis (in earnest), begin my Pact Dice campaign, and so on.
Just a tumultuous / busier time, due to all the endings and beginnings. I imagine Bow has it worse with the Twig -> Worm 2 transition.
1.7
Different capitalization, probably.
It's an automatic sheet.
Google Sheets is a strange beast.
Most of them, at least.
The grown-ups and Nick are doing their own thing.
Not particularly soon, why?
What's up?
Yee hee hee?
"[11:47:49] <Antioch> The grown-ups and Nick are doing their own thing." Without context this looks like a brutal burn on Nick.
It's a moderate burn at best, really.
n o geams
Sad!
I should be running a lot on Tuesday. I might run a little bit on Monday.
It puts things into perspective.
Her in-laws aren't /as/ bad as the Thorburns.
A different sort. I'm hoping to have a Thorburn-esque family for my Pact campaign, but their vitriol is condensed into good, old-fashioned genteel Southern mannerisms.
Does a backhanded "bless your heart" count as a lie for the Practice's sake?
Sorry, wrong channel for this stuff.
We can talk about them #Pactdice elsewhere. I wouldn't mind some critique and discussion. It's what I'm in the mood for.
AQ is good reading material.
I can access the doc but can't share the link on my phone. Sorry.
I think it's fine to share it, Non.
That's too many mouths, even for a Pact campaign.
Damn it, Faust.
Why did I listen to you when you told me to add numbers zero through nine to the Madlibs Villain Generator.
Was tubes still mulling over playing a conspiracy theorist?
I can revamp the $madlibs conspiracy function to be more Worm-centric.
For the time being, feel free to use $madlibs goblins instead of $madlibs villain.
It's somewhat roughshod, but it works.
I'll move over to #Gamedesign.
Fatboy.
Wait, damnit. It's Fat Man and Little Boy.
You guys could do that, I guess?
That... recontextualizes it to something distinctly uncomfortable.
No, it really isn't.
Fat Lady is nice by itself, maybe.
:^(
(in an exhausted, tearful voice) "Is DeWitt a prequel meme reference..."
I have trouble doing off-the-cuff oneshots. Should work on that at some point.
CG|Mars: Are you playing the BMX Orbit Rubblesaw Brute I made for you?
I hope to see that power used one day.
What did you forget, Saff?
Oh, yes. Good call.
San Raul is a good Big Campaign.
Hey, Word Sword Swords.
A little hectic, but I'm taking a weekend off.
Yourself?
Fair. Hope things take a turn for the better. 
Best wishes.
Indianapolis is happening soon.
It's my new campaign, once Cleveland is done.
I have two more years of experience under my belt. More comfortable with tackling certain things than I was.
!nicchange
It makes a lot of sense for a Director to send a recruited cape to another department where they can get training. The social contract of games made that not-so-feasible in prior games but I'd like to make it explicitly clear that the Director should do the most sensible thing without having to worry about essentially booting another player from the game.
And it also disincentivizes people from joining the PRT as a baseline "yeah that's what I'll do I guess".
Being a Protectorate cape means that the character loses a lot of agency in terms of defining their own narrative. There's still room to play well, yeah, but it's within constraints.
I can do good sessions with Cwn, absolutely. But it's a very certain type of session.
She's not the captain of her fate, so to speak.
!search ruthless
And Weaver didn't get a lot of screen time in comparison to Skitter.
Mm, not the point I was trying to make.
You can only run so many patrol / crisis point / school speaker sessions before it gets same-y.
My point stands. Downtime for a Protectorate/Ward cape is pretty much all I run for Cwn.
It's not something I can maintain for a prolonged series of sessions.
The newcomer Protectorate capes acclimating I can handle.
But after a while, once they acclimate (and the acclimatization process is what's interesting to run) then it turns into something very routine.
Do you have a pastebin of that, Tell?
Valiant is an NPC.
A PC as a Protectorate team leader...
I can only justify that as a legacied Protectorate cape from a handful of years past.
Oh, gotcha, Tell.
18:43 <Antioch> San Raul is a good Big Campaign.
I said that right after, Cogo. :P
Hmm. That's interesting. The patrol schedule self setting.
What I assumed is that (non-probationary) capes set their own schedules, run it by their team leader, and then the team leader runs it by the Director or Deputy Director (if needed).
Even if you get players to fill all the major staff roles there's still a lot of pseudo-paperwork that springs forth unbidden.
"[18:36:26] <Antioch> I can only justify that as a legacied Protectorate cape from a handful of years past." Why not?
Because you need to have a lot of experience to be a Protectorate team leader.
And writing all of that in a backstory...
I wouldn't trust a lot of people to do that sort of thing. It covers a lot of character growth from trigger to professional.
And that sort of growth and complexity is something that's hard to summarize in a written backstory.
Hmm... mine do.
You probably don't care about Purple Parrot's sordid past, you insensitive meaner.
Summarizing cape life I think requires a good deal more care than unpowered life.
By definition it's a lot more eventful.
That makes sense, Tell.
I guess what I'm looking for is... a trigger changes a character immensely. I like post-trigger characters so I can explore that character's growth and how the trigger drastically impacts their life.
And any character a few years post-trigger, well, I want that same sort of nuance.
These are characters who gave gone through multiple character growth arcs. And writing a backstory hits the broad strokes, but not the subtleties.
I GMed some at the con today. Running a demo game of WD tomorrow with Non's pregens.
What did I miss?
I haven't picked em out yet, Non.
Will cherry pick a few.
"[22:01:25] <Antioch> Will cherry pick a few." Went through recently thinking about best, high points for me would probably be: Brushfire, Catapult, Entrench, Frostbite, Furies, Glitterbeast, Husk, Kinesthetic, Kruos, Maelstrom, Marionette, Minefield, Pirouette, Ranger, Red Ice, Slipstream, Telefrag, Turtlebug, Wrecking Ball and Zone.
Pregens are helpful for new players and oneshots, too.
It's a nice resource to have on hand.
ColdGold did a good job with the second gen Siege and Artisan, it looks like.
Well done, ColdGold!
Are those ears? Thumbs up?
Oh, you're running something, Valence?
Good on you.
Gotcha.
We have a handful of Florida campaigns now.
The juvie in my town is a 3/10.
You don't really learn how to fight in juvie, really. You either come in knowing how to fight or be otherwise be a big and mean fucker, or you learn to shut up and take as few lickings as possible.
It's not the most ideal location for a training montage.
07:48 <Pink> No, I mean he added Tracer to the indy NPCs =P
Redshift is Shades from Cleveland.
I made his power on June of 2015.
So maybe I was cribbing off Ekko, the League character?
IDR when he was released.
5/28/15. Guess so.
Gotcha. Just woke up, so funnijoak.lib isn't booted yet.
I stink at playing Tracer, also.
I like the hammer dude and the Big Pig
Please no steppy!
brass baroness
You're not going to try out on cape American Idol?
Nah. Get into showbiz and then develop a substance addiction. Way more fun.
"Today we'll be making steamed broccoli."
Ffwwwshshhshshsh.
"Easy as that."
The more sensible of the two Buckets.
"Creative bookkeeping".
Saving$
Did you try to beat up the guy behind the curtain?
Winn-Dixie
Should've named their dog Piggly Wiggly
That's a real southern name
horror stories
I'm good most days. If it works for you and Cogo it ought to work for me.
second trigger
That's practically a game over in San Raul
Lose your bike, lose your life
I did a bit of a scour. Dex checks don't happen that much.
Granted it's a great offensive combat stat.
But not a lot of GMs ask for dex checks unprompted. The dex rolls that are made are all player initiated.
Ah yeah. Eating fish does require dex.
Try to avoid that in WD.
Go for simpler foods. Like gruel.
Dunk your face in the bowl and forego utensils.
20:36 <Valence> Too easy to drown that way.
Take Athletics to increase your asphyxiation threshold.
Dex is truly too valuable.
She has Dex 4.
The pisshands were intentional.
 How bout Wednesday for y'all, Non/Cog? I'm getting into town kinda late tonight so I'll probably be pretty wiped out tomorrow.
Yeah, Nick.
He's half an hour late and Denys's dick is already out.
"[21:04:55] <Antioch>  How bout Wednesday for y'all, Non/Cog? I'm getting into town kinda late tonight so I'll probably be pretty wiped out tomorrow." Works for me.
o7
Agh! Pink! One of those slashes is italicized and the other one isn't!
They lie at different angles!
This is the closest I've gotten to genuinely reee-ing.
Hungy Gungy can match that, I think.
I want to find the Bastard Son Casey At The Bat rewrite
It's somewhere.
 "Like the beating of the storm-waves on a stern and distant shore...  spare him, spare the chump, cried someone on the stand... and it's likely they'd have spared him, had not Casey raised his hand..."
Nice.
Bold doesn't work.
Italics do.
Mishie rolls a 1 on Know, forgets that bisexual people exist.
I am /so/ digging this Sicol session.
Are your triplet siblings Jove I and Jove II? Maybe there's some resentment, or a hierarcy.
Chicken nugget definition changes when you cross the Mason Dixon.
whaty
12:46 <Thaliaway> "Just curious, but how spacious is your ass? No reason for asking."
OK Rundi.
Thinker (?) Brute (?) power mechanical implementation idea: When you receive a wound, roll two wounds and select the one of your choice. Can 'push' to increase the number of wounds rolled OR to have effect applied to wounds inflicted.
Thoughts?
Moving yourself or positioning yourself such that you receive less damage, in a 'rolling with the punches' sense.
I like that idea, though, tubes.
Yeah. It's a little lackluster, at present.
Someone shoots you.
Headshot or Graze.
Pick Graze.
That sort of thing.
Same wound effect.
I need it to be interesting.
And more effective, yeah.
tubes's idea is pretty cool. A sort of Khandhas + DeWitt thing where your alt-selves tag in and eat the punches for you.
Eh, I'm not really feeling that.
I want it to be more of a combat Thinker ability.
That's the plan, yes.
I could see that, yeah, Cam.
Small-group tactics that allow the commander to position their forces where they'll get hurt the least, or when they get hurt, it's more easily shaken off.
No goal in mind, at the moment.
Just had that idea.
Also:
Confusion debuff should be "this guy can't use their skills until they regain their composure", maybe.
Pas de Deux's Brute regeneration patched up the real Pas with the grey stuff that the minion's made out of, as well.
Yeah, I could see that.
By eerie coincidence, my Pact Dice and Weaver Dice campaigns are taking place during the exact same time.
Well, my reasoning was "school is starting in a few days" for both, so I guess it's not that much of a coincidence, outside of the year.
My Pact Dice campaign will be shitty Maggie Holt OC fanfiction posted online in the WD-verse.
A character that writes Maggie Holt OC fanfiction?
"16:53 <Nonagon> An otter's will is to eat fish." Me too.
Has a version of this trigger come around before? "You're closeted because of terrible family, come out after moving out for college. First relationship goes horribly awry, with a breakup in the cards, your SO threatens to send family large quantity of damning photos, post all over social media, etc."
Not sure if that just popped into my head out of nowhere or I'm remembering snippets of an old one.
Some nice ones in there for this month's batch.
GJ, guys.
Mm. I have a good player character idea that I need to save for a kid trigger.
I'm not sure when I'll be able to put that into play, though.
Attention-hungry kleptomaniac in early teens. I have the voice and characterization down.
Don't forget to sign your authored triggers, whoever "periphery of friend group" trigger author is.
Darn. I feel like I can't add Wellwick's "Drowning in liposuction fat" trigger /and/ Vanderhuge's "drowning in aerated sewage".
OK, Saff, you gotta help me.
Which one made you gag more?
I'll go with that one.
The fat one is more viscerally upsetting, I think.
As of late, I'm really favoring triggers that inform more about the character.
I think Teller said something yesterday or the day before -- it often takes a certain kind of character to trigger.
While the random accident triggers allow for a greater breadth of creativity, the ones that I feel really shine are the ones that add a crucial facet to the triggeree's personality or backstory.
Deep fried feces in liposuction fat.
Hmm, OK. This is a good way to keep me from being hungry until I get off work and can go eat dinner, but I think this is enough.
Ramadan kareem, Vern.
I'll have the 20-pack of the fried and macerated misc. protein.
Cool, the trigger document is back up to 100.
Saff, I took some of yours and spruced them up. Hope you don't mind.
You're goddamn right we do, you fucking nerdo.
I don't really watch enough movies for that, unfortunately.
I know we try to avoid triggers that crib from real-life tragedy wholesale.
I skipped May's purge and did June's early.
I was busy at the start of this month with finals and such.
Was it the "god is watching" trigger, Fulv?
That one was one of my favorites.
If we're hurling people into the trigger sweatshop, I'll be the first to boot Nonagon down the stairs.
"[19:28:24] <Antioch> Has a version of this trigger come around before? "You're closeted because of terrible family, come out after moving out for college. First relationship goes horribly awry, with a breakup in the cards, your SO threatens to send family large quantity of damning photos, post all over social media, etc."" Used 265.
Lol. I wrote that one for Eris.
Thanks Non. I knew it felt familiar.
It depends on who you run, maybe. I know I tend to feel very energetic after running certain players for long stretches of time.
Hmm. Thinking over it, Non, it's more about the scene and less about the players (though that is a secondary factor, re: quality of the scenes).
Not necessarily. I tend to feel more relaxed after Saff sessions, barring the one where she defected from Blackjack. That session had me psyched.
The one where she rode with Fleetfoot left me felt really chill.
I do when I'm playing rather than GMing.
I put too much of myself in my characters to not get stressed.
The fight with Badtouch has been really good.
I'm happy with how the scene is playing out.
She severs her own hands and fires them as projectiles. The hands are smart and can follow orders and crawl around and grab stuff.
Indianapolis.
Gross, pelt.
Badtouch is 13. She's working through some personal problems.
i'm really happy with her backstory and trigger.
No, the hands sever at the wrist.
She regenerates them rapidly.
I think Thal's power is to have invisible hands that help her be strong.
Or one big invisible hand that controls the free market.
Not sure which.
Gotcha.
I really like Badtouch. She's an awful brat of a kid, but relatable.
Karkadann is pretty awesome, Non.
I'd be partial to a Tinker who lampoons themself as a shitty Dragon wannabe calling themselves Snallygaster.
same??
09:02 <Nick> yo contessa you bessa put my eyeballz back in you hear
ok jar jar.
Yeah. I'm driving past midtown right now.
Note: Add Veterans Memorial Park to PD map.
Hmm. A $note function wouldn't be bad for one line snippet reminders.
Sometimes I have the time to make a quick note for an NPC or story idea. Could have $notes up for perusal, with a 30-day soft expiry.
Gee Foss. It would be really swell if you didn't abuse bot services to spam me, please & thanks.
"09:22 <FossilLord> _in 6h bother Anti about a $note function and iron the horticulture ribbon to kill the fungus"
It's going to post in chat publicly and  it's not really the thing I want to see more than once (once is too much, honestly), since it's spammy / lolrandom / not really conducive to meaningful chat.
If you want to do that sort of thing, please do it via PM.
What client do you use, S.A.D.?
I'm set to ping for my campaigns being mentioned, in the same (vain) vein.
Yeah. I can call you Dan instead.
I just don't want to type out the whole thing, haha. :P
Would you prefer an in-browser client, or a application-based client?
Try IRCcloud for starters, then, yeah.
irc.parahumans.net
Port 6697.
Here's a snapshot of my connection profile, dan. Hope it helps. Good luck on finals.
I'm busy until 3-ish my time, so if you guys want to do anything for the next five hours feel free.
Hey Dol. I liked that picture you sent me.
Frog especially.
Indeed.
Yeah, that's the sort of botspam/abuse I don't wanna see around here.
Shame on you, Foss.
You're new, dan. Foss is at fault for setting a bad example.
Please, Foss. #BlushyPlayground exists.
Then why are you posting in #Weaverdice?
There is no need to quotespam in this channel. Please no more.
I linked him Sicol.
He's an experienced GM. I'm looking forward to seeing what he might do with Weaver Dice.
The denizens here, they thirst for games.
The GM to player ratio is pretty fiddly here, as it is in most places, so most folks here are ravenous for RP.
Saff has been learning the system as she runs, really. And the players that have been around for a while will chime in and help out.
And Norwalk is a blast to read.
It's less emphatic on mechanics, but it touches on civilian life and interpersonal dynamics outside of the mask, which is something that doesn't come up in WD all too much.
It's very fun.
Are you the foretold messiah of the Las Vegas campaign?
Sorry, Mega. I just want to kill.
There can't be /three/ power null trumps in this little podunk town!
God, Wards Summer Camp would be fun.
Degrassi it up.
Well, power inverting.
Same diff.
Me too.
G'luck. I'll help you out where I'm able.
An adventure capitalist, if you would?
Sadly, you'll never see it. She'll be too stealthy.
The Big Three?
Who are the big three, Cogo?
Oh wow, go Norwalk!
Saff, you can come and sit on the fancy seat next to me and Teller.
; o ;
@ ColdGold / OptimusRhyme 
I only joke. I've no idea why Cleveland is as liked as it is, outside of sheer volume.
!search parable
"Tricky Nick" Dixon
I'm @ the doctor. Getting some groceries and then I'll be good.
>:(
>:(
There should be a "blacklist Foss from using _in" function.
I wouldn't call what you do acting silly, Foss.
Look, Foss, I'm not even formally infracting you. I've just said not to do it again.
But instead of saying "yeah, alright," or anything in that vein...
15:23 <FossilLord> Another will be coming along
It's frustrating, dealing with you.
Whatever comparison of 'silly' behavior you're using, I don't really think it's a reasonable one.
I'm speaking as a moderator and asking you to stop.
Please stop, and please nod if you acknowledge, nothing else.
It's not the ping that's the issue, though.
It's the fact that #Weaverdice gets to read "iron the horticulture ribbon to kill the fungus".
If the ping were a problem, I'd remove it on my list of ping words.
Since it isn't, this is the concern that I'm trying to address.
I'm doubly upset that Foss egged on a newcomer (who otherwise seems like a really, really awesome dude) into using the _in function to kludge up chat with reminders as well.
It doesn't leave a good taste in my mouth, when I'm trying to make this channel as welcoming to newcomers as I can.
The ATM ones do. _ is an old bot.
It's a good way to let people know about upcoming campaigns.
But the main point that I'm trying to drive home is that Foss really ought to know better.
Erm, mebbe. If he didn't skedaddle when I told him to cut it out.
But I wanted to clarify that I'm not upset about getting pinged.
Just that I'm upset that lolrandom stuff is getting _in dropped into #Weaverdice.
What?
I'd like to make it clear that I don't want you to be treated unfairly. I'm not sure what you're referring to, in terms of double standards or asymmetric applications.
I would like to vehemently argue that I have never said anything as silly (or as contextually inappropriate) as "iron the horticulture ribbon to kill the fungus".
I don't consider it a waste of time.
Frankly, I think it's frustrating that you're refusing to take the effort.
Nah, the conversation is no longer a thing.
There you go.
If the nick is registered, you can use the /ghost command.
Sorry it's taking so long, guys.
I'm really sorry about this, but would it be possible for me to bump the session back to sometime later this week or the next? It's just it's kind of late, I worry I won't be able to wrap up in time, and it's been a cruddy, frustrating sort of day, so I'm not feeling especially on my game.
I'd like to maybe do something lower effort. Once I'm done grocery shopping I can try and resume your Indianapolis session.
Just some minor preparatory stuff.
And a few others who I needed to run once or twice to figure out where they slotted into the grand scheme of things.
Tell's session was probably the most important, but there are a few NPCs that need more meat on their bones and the easiest way is for Saff to interact with them.
17:08 <Wellwick|GM> Like Saff's character was a meat blaster
I like that idea. A Blaster that tags people with an infectious (glow? parasite?), cranking up their regeneration to the extreme, creating tumors and bone growths and fucked up tangles of biology b
*.
Sort of, Pelt, but less extreme. The drone would syringe into their back, then force a regeneration of a bio-meat shell to cover the drone and absorb it.
Then the drone would be safe and have more leeway to operate.
I think that there's no conceptual room for regeneration meat blaster, Well. You have my blessing to use them.
I already have a lot of blasters and bio blasters.
On the subject of bioblasters, I do miss Gristledinger.
Enjoy, Lys. I had fun watching it.
Hey, tubes, how's it going?
Not sure if choosing between frat or bitch is much of a choice (or a good topic for this channel).
17:28 <tubes> finished my first big boy legal memo
--> given the speaker, I had to reread this sentence three times for my mind to not internally pronounce it as "meme-o".
Good luck with Cayo, tubes. How near the finish do you ballpark it?
Ah, okay. I've been reading along, and misconstrued the big plot deal for the climax and subsequent conclusion.
I admit I would like to see tubes' new take on Dallas.
Rankin idea?
Was that the Tinker orbital cannon helltown?
That's the one I voted for.
I'd be equally interested in that one, really.
Yeah, it is.
I wanted there to be a "hello friend" one, but there wasn't.
It's nice nice.
Me too.
I think a great IRC handle for this server would be Guts.
Is Sage2 a Bioshock reference?
Sorry, I was making a really dumb injoke.
People kept asking if a certain character was a Bioshock reference in the same way that people keep asking you if you're the old Sage.
A countless fractal of spiders.
I have that question there for newbies, really. Most of the oldies that apply to my stuff just write "lol u seen my shit".
I liked the crocodile thing.
And yeah. Those questions are very much oriented to newbies or players I don't know much about.
I always expected it to fall flat for most veteran players.
The campaign application forms I do.
"[10:00:53] <Antioch> I have that question there for newbies, really. Most of the oldies that apply to my stuff just write "lol u seen my shit"." What the. I could have written that all along?
You could have, yes. I'm sorry.
Yeah. This afternoon around 2 is when I'm aiming for.
Thursday or Friday, maybe.
OK, that's fine with me.
Hey dan. Welcome back.
Good luck.
Where are you getting your horse tranquilizers, CG? I could use a couple.
Hey, ColdGold|GM, Nonagon, Nick. I'll be ready to run you all in a few.
Whenever I get off hold on this phone call.
Hope it doesn't take awfully long.
Sorry, this phone call has put me on hold forever. I really expected it to take less time than this.
Urgh, screw it. They've kept me on hold long enough.
Let me dig up the logs and we'll get started.
I'm trying to get an appointment scheduled at a psychiatry clinic. Technically, I have one slated for the start of July, but it's a bit too long of a wait, so I've been trying to move it up as well as get in contact with alternatives.
Sorry, Nick. I already hung up. The hold music was really killing me.
Nah, elsewhere, tubes. I went to the school yesterday, and I'm honestly convinced it did more harm than good.
Probably better to discuss this elsewhere, though.
I have your logs, Nick. I'm just getting Non/Cogo's cleaned up.
Incoming, yeah.
I'm trying to copy the tandem formatting that Teller has used in a previous Sicol Bend session.
Here we go.
That's what I have of Dodger/Nach's sessions.
Are you guys ready?
Dodger doesn't need to reroll Guts until he gets injured again.
Something along the lines of "ask him about what happened to all his (recent) underlings".
Oozy Blood Geist
Misty Blood Revenant
I'm sure Nach has a hacksaw in the trunk, but cutting through bone is still really tough with a hacksaw, you know?
A google search for what, Mega?
I didn't search, actually. I kind of ballparked it -- I dunno how the corpse would react, per se -- but I have some grounding in research for neck injuries and braces. There was this medical thingie I had to read for one of my classes about this dude who got his neck absolutely decimated and then screwed back in place using a lot of metal plates and bolts.
Super gruesome.
There was a time when there were two Norwalk sessions were ongoing simultaneously.
Two times, I think.
Everyone is going to have a good time!
I'm having some good luck with the $npc villain function today. "Knight Grinder" and "Double Despicable" are pretty cool.
As are "Calamity Mask" and "Glass Heart".
"Iron Bastard" is cool. "Poison Dinger" not so much.
@ Nick|Joyeuse - I put 'Dinger' in there as a Gristledinger joke.
There are no good Dinger options.
But there are some funny ones.
Darn.
Look at Once and Future King Part II it sounds pretty cool to listen to.
I'll have to find it.
BRB. I'm heading home.
Dang, did you eat something bad?
Drr! Drr'
!
Ahaha.
You could fake your death with a Lumina rat.
It would be the dream team scheme.
Craft is a little finicky, IMO.
Thank you guys, all of you, for those sessions today.
I really enjoyed them, and they went a long ways to knocking me out of this slump I'm in.
One of the rats did an elbow drop, tubes.
That's the big thing.
Yes, it was.
Even with the string of rough social rolls, huh, Nick?
That was a scene I was happy with, too.
Alright. I'd better get to bed. Thank all of you guys again.
There we go. I tidied them up a little.
Still need spellcheck and cleaning and synopses and quotes but it's there.
It wasn't a people's elbow, sadly, but it was a good attempt.
I'm still tickled by the Cream of the Crop rat.
The rat lacked a belt, but was in general wrestler getup.
It's a little tougher running four person stuff unless you're in skype or in person I feel.
Did you, Thal?
I forget. You, Soma, Spelt... Mega?
Mega only really nipped in for a smidgen.
I've grown to love IRC RP.
It's got a level of polish to it that I really appreciate.
Yeah.
A lot more room for character introspection.
But IRC gives you the opportunity to craft a genuinely awesome story without going back and editing or embellishing, I feel.
Do you like the switch?
My first session with Queen was very IRL style too.
I like that it's looser and flows pretty smoothly, but I also like constructing a session much like an actual narrative.
Tough to strike that balance.
Yeah.
Heh, that's true. Fast and loose narration for a fast and loose character.
A good question to ask.
I'm happy with who AQ has turned into.
She's a very complex character in certain ways.
And lacking in others, which makes her more interesting.
That Imogen and Leah pic is superb.
Really? Her expression and body language were awesome, Dol.
Index.
General appreciation.
Hey folks. The $madlibs oneshot function is... pseudo-functional.
It cranks out interesting things from time to time.
Ha! The Big Bad Bad Boys.
I might edit 'kill' to 'press-gang'.
I think the fact that the Tinker is worth press-ganging would be implicit.
Me too, Pink.
I don't think a lot of them do.
I think you have to have a certain mentality to use a dead man's switch.
Thanks. Most of the credit goes to Bel.
I also put up a $madlibs wards function to generate 'young hero' cape names, but it's not great.
Needs a lot more work.
"[11:46:37] <Antioch> I think you have to have a certain mentality to use a dead man's switch." The whole point of a dead man's switch is that that mentality is "being dead."
Kid Convoker is a real ward. He was in Oakland.
Err... to build and prepare a dead man's switch in advance, was what I was trying to say.
I don't feel like a will fits that criteria. The threat of mutually assured destruction plays into it, sort of.
I guess there are certain wills that do that.
I agree, Non, but I think the point is that the unwritten rules are less drastic and render the need for dead man's switches redundant in a majority of cases?
You thought I was working on $madlibs plot?
Think again, you ninnies.
Here you go, Vern:
I don't think [ATM] is in #BlushyPlayground.
It'll have to be the latter.
I don't mind if we use #GameDesign for now, since I'm in the middle of adding / revamping stuff.
Feedback and discussion would be helpful and appreciated.
!addquote <Saff> i'm getting my ass kicked by a bunch of twelve year olds drinking diet cauldron
I don't think we need that one, Valence. Almost dead certain there's one already in the database.
!search slam dunk
Yeah, close enough.
!delquote 604
It's nice to be able to hear about peoples' dispositions towards Quaff as he pops up here and there.
Or, rather, the effects of his presence pops up here and there.
I'm interested in how ColdGold will approach him.
FOr what?
*For
Ah, gotcha.
She's attacking me with poison.
I'm losing my social faculties.
Help. Help. Help.
(For context, Jade, the NPC in Teller's campaign, turns into a big fish-like/reptilian monster, with claws that dose victims with poison that makes it very difficult for them to communicate properly, among other effects. My character in that campaign ran afoul of her before he died.)
Did you finish that homework, btw, Saff?
morn' everyone.
how's it hangin'?
that's great news.
Anything I can help with?
For the oneshot?
Cool, I'll PM it.
Oh hey, I wrote this one, way, way back.
Request -- if this is Bel playing, can this be Arson Jones? I think Bel is the most Arson Jones person out of all of us.
I think it's been a while that I've seen a powergen done as a discussion, and I'm pretty happy with what I'm seeing.
I like the fire part of it.
Hey Tell.
It seems straightforward to have fire/heat down as an element, but it does also feel /correct/.
I like that.
I like the effect I think it'll have on a pyromaniac's behavior.
Yeah.
I like the one-way Flame-to-Frost armor-shedder idea.
Let me try and do a write up for it.
I like leaching heat from the environment after his armor is shattered to fuel his regeneration.
Or not necessarily regeneration, but something else.
He gets to feed off the fires he started earlier.
It solves the 'fuel-as-a-resource' problem mentioned pretty neatly.
Let me know how you guys feel about that, and if there are some tweaks and adjustments that are needed.
I hope I didn't hijack the powergen too much.
Most of our players are US-based, I think, Dolc.
I'm happy to use meters, but I don't think it would parse as well for them to get an immediate rough estimate of the size affected by the power.
I'll make sure to use metric in parentheticals for my next power write-up.
Arson is an ideology. :P
I'm happy to help too.
What's your oneshot about, Lagomorph?
Er, I know the trigger. Was just wondering about the oneshot.
But thank you for assuming I could gen a thematically relevant power without looking at the trigger event. :P
No worries.
I'd hate to distract you with more 3D printing shenanigans, Bel, but we should talk about that at some point.
I liked that fight a lot too.
Damn, missed the first post.
Could someone do me a favor and pastebin me?
Thanks!
Holy shit, Lago.
I'm feeling a little outclassed here as a GM.
Sorry for the additional pressure, Lago. Just wanted to say that you're doing a fantastic job.
heya, saff
I'm kind of in awe of the candelight/wick = stripper/pole simile.
This is really fucking well done.
Saff, are you reading this session in #Other? It's chicken-fried bananas.
That does sound pretty good, yeah, Non.
In the same vein as what Saff suggested, try PMing $madlibs villainteam to [ATM].
I just want to say that it's honestly very delightful watching Arson Jones come to life.
This is really frickin' immersive. I was supposed to be building furniture today.
There are some details in the power handbooks.
I think they're linked in the Read First document in the topic.
Hey dan!
I wanted to let you know that I got in touch with apoc, and he said that it was cool if you wanted to use San Diego.
Woo!
Meaty weasel >:(
you're an ant agonist.
This is a good day for #Weaverdice.
Lots of one-shots and new GMs and being welcoming.
It makes me feel good. Thank you, everyone.
damn those police!
no, no, confounding doesn't have sufficient connotations of violence.
Afternoon, Bow
There's a lot of GMing ongoing today and more than a few friendly welcomes to newbies. I'm really happy about it.
I don't know. You just seemed the right sort, I guess.
Resting Bitch Face, hahaha
It's harsh, but fair.
Same, Lys. Let me know if you need a help with anything.
Wow, I forgot the hashtag. Thanks, thal.
!quote Arson Jones
!search Arson Jones
I'm botching a lot of bot commands today.
!quote 604
Quote 604 - <Anti> I think Bel is the most Arson Jones person out of all of us.
!addquote Others would say, and I quote this verbatim, dear reader, so you must pardon my language, that "he's a fink-ass rat bastard of a firebug who creeps me the fuck out, the fucking weirdo," but reader, you must understand: Mr. Jones, nay, call him Arson, Mr. Jones is his father, and I digress - Arson Jones is a pure soul.
That's a good one too.
There are a lot of quotable gems in this #Other session.
I really dig the narration style all in all. It's new and fresh.
Damn, if that's the case, I wonder what the cape name Lambda would have done.
Oh, Lagomorph. There've only been two NPC capes come up in the session so far, but I like both of their names. They feel good to me.
I'm curious as to what kind of guys Arson Jones would agree need a kill order, now that he's been more fleshed out.
Would you like it if I cleaned those logs for you into a Google Doc, Lagomorph, or otherwise walked you through the process?
Which one, Lago? :p
The WD stars really did align today. My socks have been knocked cleanly off.
Good news is that it's really straightforward. Copy-paste the logs into the text box in this link:
tellergram.github.io/log_formatter.html
You can fiddle around with the settings, but these are the ones I tend to favor.
!quote 604
Quote 604 - <Anti> I think Bel is the most Arson Jones person out of all of us.
Quote 604 - <Anti> I think Bel is the most Arson Jones person out of all of us.
From there, hit the Highlight button and paste the results into a Google Doc.
You may want to fiddle around with the page margins - I think I use 0.2 for mine, for all of them.
I think you can also make a copy of any old log you find here and paste onto it, that ought to do the trick too.
Oh - the GM post and Player post HTML are from the Divided preset, I think.
I'm glad you liked the power, Bel.
Credit goes to Lago for the 'paradox' hard fire shell and sweet candy inside.
The gen did go really smoothly today.
Lots of newbies chipped in, their ideas got considered.
And it didn't take a dang millennium.
He is a figure of myth. To do so would debase his sanctity.
We must enshrine this session keep it pure forever.
*and
I thought of a good cape name yesterday, but I'm not sure if it's better suited for a hero or a villain.
Vanquish.
I was also looking at birds for $madlibs metalbird and thought that Kingfisher would be a good cape name just by itself.
Also, one of my $madlibs metalbird would be a good nemesis for Purple Parrot -- Platinum Penguin.
* results
Oh, I loved those guys.
night, lag
Well, he is explicitly described as such.
So you have pretty good reason to.
o-oh.
:(
I'm just a figment of your imagination, Saff.
If you kill me you'll finally stop being depressed.
So that Saff could bamboozle you into giving her two.
Here 'tis!
Bonus momentum
Whoops, mischna.
*mischan.
I think it's pretty fair game for the GM to say, "yo, this trigger is iffy here and there, but what if we altered it like so?" as a solution to a finicky gen.
Or to accept suggestions from other folks who are positing a rewrite, to help things out of a rut.
I'd be happy to see that as an option. people are comfortable leaning on.
Mmm, fair. It's on me, then — I'll endeavor to screen suggested triggers and make sure they're less ambiguous.
I gotta crash, so I'm out for tonight, and this isn't like an imprecation or anything, but keep it civil, ok? Just in case.
Nighty night, all v
*.
Presumably, it woulda when someone else rolled it.
The trigger we did this morning was pretty fresh and pimpin'.
That sounds unpleasant.
Pfft. Thought you said that a crystal handjob wasn't horrible.
Come off it, a regular one is bad enough.
~all i wanna do~
~is see you turn into~
~someone who breaks the meta~
Morning assumes I'm waking up before noon.
Bold wager, that.
It's fun to be big as fuck and toss shit around. If your one hand carry capacity is one ton, that opens up a frickin multiverse of options for shit to do. It ain't a fancy power, but it's still a fun one.
The folks who are chill with subjectively busted powers are the folks, I feel, who lean real hard into the collaborative storytelling camp.
There's always gonna be folks that lean more towards the perspective that a campaign is something to be won, and there's no harm in that, but when it becomes a dang black hole in your story to present a real strong character with a narratively satisfying challenge with commensurate stakes.
If ya feel me.
* stakes, things can get tricky.
Wait, that's how we beat Deep Six!
What's the fragile thing he cares about?
Why, his cockamamie ideals of racial unity!
I'd like to see more World capes.
Wouldn't put them in anyone's hand, mind.
With a frame of reference from an ensemble of prior characters, Pink.
<Antioch|GM> Mech Pilot Rat: "I love to drive my legs car. Beep beep."
I'm ready when you are, Saff.
He's a real boy now.
If any PRT Director wants to issue a kill order they need to go ask Bel now.
The narration style is Lemony Snicket-ish, but not quite. It's neat and I can't quite put my finger on it.
Heh, even the title is good.
Off to a good start.
One of the banners is all Winks, but they're all different versions of the meme Winks.
Friend Wink, Amigo Wink, Comrade Wink, and so forth.
Yeah, I was really impressed with the circuit pattern contouring onto the bodysuit.
GJ, Saff.
Ha, glad to have helped in a roundabout way.
Hey, Faust, could you do me a favor and link me that picture that looks like Jack?
Thanks. Much appreciated.
Damn, I'm responsible for two of those.
Sorry, they just felt right.
I like that idea.
I feel better about my pacing in the most recent arc. I've been taking Berlin's cue.
Saff|GM: I'll be out getting groceries. Will be slow for a bit.
no rush. i can cook dinner now myself
Sorry for dicking around like that, folks.
I wanted to see how people would receive my writing without it being tied to this handle.
And also try something different.
Sorry for being dumb.
I still feel pretty bad about it.
Yeah. Sorry .Was a dick thing to do.
Sorry.
 URgh. Sorry again, guys.
Sorry. I was feeling really unconfident in my own writing and I shouldn't have dragged people into it.
That's my bad.
Yeah. Sorry about that.
Fuck.
Hey, Nick.
Hey, CG, Non.
And Spelt.
Good job, spelt. I'll take a look.
You read my mind, CG.
Negafonzie is... a remarkably good cape name.
Happy Days should still exist in Bet, I think. At least the first few seasons.
Oh, I must be misremembering Scion's arrival date or the show start time. Or both.
What was the trigger number, out of curiosity?
Mind PMing me a pastebin of it?
Doing better, all things considered.
How do you mean, Shade?
Thanks, Pelt.
For the perk implementation, could grant allies a smallish amount of improvised grenades, perhaps.
Hey Vern.
I need Saff, pelt, and Thalia to finish Arc 20. I'm genning on 6/15. At the suggestion of too many people to count, I'm taking it easier and not rushing myself to end the campaign within a certain timeframe.
I will be able to provide a review shortly. I'm up to date on the logs, so it's no trouble.
(Unless something was run in my absence.)
You have the arc-closing session.
I believe the joke is that Tinkers in general have inactive sex lives due to their need to spend the majority of their time on building and designing projects.
Either way, the character is Lumina.
Haven't these children (in San Raul) suffered enough?
Nobody ever asks me if I'd start race riots if I didn't have WD.
I like to think it's relatively low on my list of priorities.
It was also a definitively nonviolent protest.
I don't think her musical talent would suffice.
It wouldn't be marketable, to speak honestly.
I think if your backstory gives you skill with an instrument, you can play that instrument.
No need to make a skill for it, I think.
At the risk of sounding gauche, there are definitely showers for murder.
Is "Zeal" taken as a cape name?
Cool, thanks.
Thank you, Dol. When I was working on the cape name generator, my mind began to drift to the short and sweet one-word, more abstract cape names.
Cape names that are more single word descriptors of the cape, rather than their power, as per Dauntless and Valiant.
Are you going for any particular theme, pelt?
The malpractice Tinker?
Not that I'm aware of, but I haven't checked in roughly a week.
Sometimes it's good to be a bastard even when the situation doesn't call for it.
I'm imagining Avery as a ploughhorse dragging the entire city of Detroit behind her.
I have notes in my documents regarding a toxin Shaker called "Shimmer" but don't recall ever having used them before. Can someone jog my memory?
Hmm. Weird. It's in the "Misc Capes, Used" doc, so they must have come up somewhere.
Oh, right, the Amphetamine Queen timeskip. I remember now.
I'd go for a Thinker of some sort, but with definite Stranger applications.
Whisper Campaign Thinker/Stranger. Still puzzling out the implementation.
Is possibly too Mastery.
People are compelled to pass along information given to them, with certain variable parameters. Disseminating information feeds into vague citywide perception, a blurry people-sense pseudoclairvoyance.
Oh, I was just suggesting an idea. I didn't work on a full write-up.
Bullseye skill, IIRC?
What's the point of debate, out of curiosity?
Haha.
There used to be Mod Pierce headshot as instant death.
We've toned it down a good bit since then.
I think that it's realistic. Whether it's fun or unfun is pretty subjective, but I personally don't mind.
If you're praying to the RNG not to get hit in the chest or head (and the percentages are decently small compared to the other options, especially Hit Head) then you're already in a situation where you're being shot at.
So if that degree of risk doesn't appeal, don't peeve off the folks with  guns.
I'd like to reiterate that you could just avoid getting into situations where you're getting shot at, or make necessary preparations.
Wound effects don't kick in if it damages armor.
There are a lot of ways around getting fucked up by the low chance of Hit Vitals or Hit Head.
Putting it all on Pierce RNG is a little unfair.
The game goes beyond one gunshot.
25% chance of Through.
Reimann was shot at by police, Schuyler shot first. Sura was shot at twice, I believe.
Unwritten rules, dan.
Could someone link the gun rep doc?
Pierce is fine, IMO.
sniper rifle's, certain blaster effects such as legends lasers
wow, speech to text is terrible
if you find a GM that will let you, tally.
I find that's a good answer to any question that begins with can I
does it make sense for the character? Is it fun for the campaign?
Shards are happy as long as you're being creative with your power.
If you're foregoing your power for the use of a gun, then it's not as good for the cycle, y'know?
Remember, Tally – it's America specific, while cops and robbers is in effect.
The system in place keeps things from getting lethal, which is the goal.
Guns are de facto lethal, hence use of them severely penalizes reputation.
I think it's more 'the setting hates guns', Pink.
Not necessarily, dan?
but both pale to a weapon that can launch much weightier payloads, the simple and time-tested trebuchet.
Bad example, Tally.
It was either Burnscar or Spitfire that complained that there are only people that are flammable and nonflammable, and that setting either on fire is a bad idea.
That would make more sense.
What campaigns have you read, Tall?
Yeah, Trico! What are you looking for in particular?
There are a lot of options to choose from in terms of genre/flavor.
Enjoy!
!addquote <Clawford> I would feel nervous to get into a fight with Hops, that boy ain't right
He murdered Bankrupt because he didn't want an earlier bedtime.
What the player considers their best is telling.
It shows where their priorities lie.
While I would like to, best not to overload myself, Vern.
I have to be a little more selective with my players just because I get a very large amount of applicants.
I'm fairly pretentious, so it's a fair assessment.
i'm fine with doing away with the application process and hand picking players of my choice, but it does tend to leave newcomers high and dry.
Yeah, I have something like that which weights the application lottery for Indianapolis.
I am glad that more one shots have been happening lately.
I think asking for players near Singapore on WD is a lot easier than asking for WD players in Singapore.
but you're asking out of a smaller pool overall, rather than the population of Singapore.
we actually have a pretty decent amount of people in that general region.
I am unfortunately unable to make the time commitment, sorry.
I have been enjoying running asynchronous sessions in Google Docs lately.
it goes well open till con that happens, whereupon it gets choppy.
up until combat happens
O_O
OK, let's get back to serious discussion.
I do the opposite, Hiero.
Hence the selection process.
You might like reading Lausanne, Tally.
When you're taking players for your campaign, it seems to boil down to making a choice for the good of the campaign, or if you want to give unknown newcomers the chance to thrive.
Oneshots are the solution here, I feel.
We should make a monthly rota of oneshots for people to sign up for.
Maybe three a week.
(Sign up for, to GM.)
I definitely put my campaign over newcomers. I'd handpick, but I feel like the weighted lottery is a decent compromise.
Yeah, Dallas has been the victim of that the most, IMO.
Well, Detroit, maybe. Probably still Dallas?
Reduce the base ticket amount to increase modifier weights, Nick?
Sure. I just ballparked the numbers, so it makes sense that they're off.
I like newbies, for the most part, but GMing is fun for me first and foremost, so I want to be choosy about which players I feel would be fun to run for.
high noon......
That's not too un-Wormy.
Weekly campaign spotlight.
@ Teller - would you prefer my critique be done from a player's perspective, or a reader's perspective?
Will do.
Going for the dystopian sci-fi feel, I take it?
Oh, hey, Foxtail.
Relatively important developments for those who are my GMs or players.
I will be significantly reducing my availability here / GMing throughput this upcoming fall semester.
I was only able to secure funding for one semester of teaching assistantship and tuition, so I'm taking on additional coursework to graduate in one semester.
So I won't be around nearly as much.
Sorry folks.
Just the fall. 3 courses and thesis defense plus 20 hours of GTA work.
Yeah. What's up?
Sure thing.
Sicol Bend is the spotlight campaign of the week!
dallas?
Oh look. It's Broccoli Boy in San Raul 2.
Too bad Quaff ground him up and turned him into a soda.
OK, Saff. We can finish the Norwalk session too. Maybe Thursday?
I have a post to make, Nick.
I think we will begin the session with a half finished costume and no resources to complete it, rather than just a starting design.
It will be a more dynamic beginning scene.
Interstice is OK on resources and costuming, but less so on mental health.
Wait, I was thinking of Guidance.
I need to talk to Thal about why Interstice was committed to an asylum.
Quaff is sort of bootleg Cauldron, but not really.
I really wish Quaff had a sense of humor. Soda Jerk would have been a much better cape name.
!addquote (regarding cape influence on popular culture <Antioch> The sitcom "Friends" but Ross has a fear aura || <Pink> In other words, the sitcom "Friends."
Damnit. Forgot closing parenthesis.
>:(
Ahh, gotcha. They started in my Columbus document and never saw use so I must have repurposed them.
!search ain't
!quote 606
Wow. That was a fast power gen.
I hope you liked the trigger.
The power definitely didn't go the way I expected it to, but I really like the result.
Sure.
I really like "denial of closure" triggers, as an aside.
I like the trigger, Well. It's missing something that I can't put my finger on for the time being.
Not that I'm aware of, but there ought to be one.
Vern might have one, I dunno.
I recommend Sicol Bend.
It's the spotlight campaign for this week, too.
Explosivo's multitrigger?
I fixed 516, Non.
This is Miss Information's multi-trigger.
You're a gambler, and it's put you in an awful place financially, but this is your best shot. You know your favorite team is going to nail this one, you're going to sweep up the winnings and escape all your debts. You show up personally, to cheer them on, and then, early in the game, the star player for your team falls the wrong way. Paramedics come onto the field - his neck is broken. You instantly know your team is going to lose the game,
and you're about to be driven even deeper into an inescapable mire of debt. You trigger, and so does the player.
Would you like a custom-written 4/5-person multitrigger?
I can do that.
"Well, Feral can tank that!"
Acacia is in Zee. :P
(The original one, that is.)
I was going to have that be a thing, where people occasionally bring up the fact that her cape name is also the name of a popular TV show character.
Are you Jack's mom?
19:29 <Saff|Josie> Just wait until thalia has to fight someone who's not white. I can see the headline now. "White Lady punches black man."
Wait until you see the Protectorate's new hero, "Hate Crime".
We call him that because he hates crime.
Ask me what?
I dunno why I'd know about the Oklahoma City department. I've not run a game near there before.
Hoisington is the one that was nearest there, IIRC?
yello
Mar 08 12:04:13 <Antioch>	Early forties, hispanic, hair neck length, suit, angular facial structure, severe expression, short-ish height, no jewelry.
Attackers winning ties means that attacking a lot is better than attacking with a high bonus most of the time
There's no gradient scale of success
Comes down to quantity
Not yet, no.
OK, cool. Lottery is done.
Congratulations to the following Indianapolis participants:
173 - Bel
39 - Lysa
Yes, you were, iri.
133 - tubes
219 - Faustus
Whoops. Should be viewable now.
scrumptious
Oh! I am doing a second roll to populate the queue
I just had to step out to drop cogo off at the bus station
Only one player I've run before so I'm happy with the results
pwease no steppy!
Preteens was my thought, but it doesn't need to be a freshly triggered character.
@ Non - trigger: Could have the bully be the lawyer's kid. Snotty, rich. Etc.
Dunno if that works. Was my first thought.
I'm back home, so let me do the second batch of rolls.
6 people will enter the queue.
Megafire.
JustLurking.
Whoops, that's Lysa again. Rerolling.
I guess I should take people off the list when I roll them.
You're #2 in the Indianapolis queue, JL.
Goog sheets is being obnoxious. Removing a row fucks over the whole thing.
Okay, fixed it.
Turncoat.
Shadewalker.
iridium.
Hm. Thay's been gone for almost a month.
Camtist.
You're in the Indianapolis queue, Cam.
Of the people who didn't get rolled, I'm sad I didn't get Non and Vander.
Well, Teller is in my campaign, so he can do my murdering for me.
oh did you get to birmingham ColdGold
godspeed
snake me up
boy, i'm readi for indi
"longinus's base blows up killing everyone inside and nearby"
||||||
ha
No. They can launch their eyeballs out of their skull rapid fire.
Plap plap plap plap.
Non put it well in one of his powergen docs.
Being able to grow ice armor and hurl icicle stakes is better than cryokinesis
Wildly paraphrased
You're first in the Indianapolis queue, Mega
Nah, the #other thing.
What about nipple beams?
There's definitely time for a nap, IMO.
I've only gotten two form responses thus far.
For the powergen for Indy.
"[11:59:00] <Antioch> Of the people who didn't get rolled, I'm sad I didn't get Non and Vander." I guess you'll just have to kill a lot of PCs to get me in, then.
Teller will kill a lot of PCs for me.
I'm imagining him pinching his thumb and forefinger together, giving a knowing wink, with an implicit "say no more".
!search pretzel
"The city is, at least during the outset, stable enough that baseline lethality is low. Nonetheless, beware non-standard game overs, such as being jailed or hired by the Protectorate and subsequently transferred to a different branch. "
Baseline?
It depends on the jail. At worst it's a non-standard game over, at best you might be put on hold for a session or two.
He burns physical stats to augment his minion's stats, yeah.
It's debatable as to whether breaking out of jail counts as her second strike or not.
(The trigger is $used 320.)
13:56 <tubes2go> i'm thinking now more like a cross between hunter s Thompson and a  young j Jonah jameson
Give me pictures of Spider-Man!
I hope someone gets involved with S.P.E.C.
They're fun folks.
Hmm.
Sometime this upcoming week ideally.
There are a lot of factions that I'm excited to see explored from a PC's perspective.
"goodbye...... enemie"
Which one, though?
been done already had
What's wrong with Clarissa/
?
Oh, gotcha.
I know there is a Clarissa in Grantsville (cop daughter?)
And Undine is a Clarissa too.
good.
now nonagon won't go berserk and rip your limbs off.
Anti's WD PC First Names: Sura, Emily, Alexander, Nathaniel, Jameson, Jeremiah, Evelyn, Mateo, Hector, Nolan, Cody, Evie, Clinton, Sina, DeMarcus, Jack, Laila.
I have a lot of char ideas I want to play but I'm going to be so dang heck busy
Hope you don't mind the PC/NPC split on your sheet, Non.
Dang. I wanna power gen.
Gah! Tempting.
I think I'll try and puzzle out the backtracing of certain NPC trigger events.
Booty Trap.
I tried picking up Dvorak last summer, but I couldn't stick with it. I use a lot of different lab computers that are shared, so it was more trouble than it was worth. I'm happy with my typing speed in any case.
Are you calling her a coward to demoralize her, Non?
That's a pro strat.
Hey, Lysa
Not too much. I'm excited to start doing powergen stuff for Indianapolis.
No rush!
Everyone has a week. :p
It's the latter, yes.
Oops.
Thanks, pelt.
I think that the best solution to Playpen's PR is to have her star in an educational children's show called "Playpen's Treehouse".
radiation sickness finally got to him.
I don't, but I have his skype
& email
I never use skype though lol
He ghosts a lot though. He just vanished out of cleveland on me last year
I hope not.
Just make fun of his ideology until he has a stroke and dies. None of this silly radiation business.
Not Pater's, at least.
Multiplicative paralysis blasts
Chocojelly. Disgusting.
yahoo
Nickol Bend
My caasin!
Oh... man.
Lumina could become a famous pop culture sensation.
She can make Vocaloids with her Tinker power.
"Can I have one of those sandwiches"
Bad call, Non. Now she's gonna make you a baloney sandwich.
Not the way she makes it.
"That's not chocolate!"
O-O
Also, I read bologna as rhyming with lasagna
No! I want to watch the cooking segment of "Playpen's Treehouse".
Oh, I used to live down thataway, Lysa. In Bethesda.
I liked it there. Alabama stinks.
~i'm excited for indianapolis~
I noticed the namedrop, but haven't checked out the capes in it yet.
Ahh.
I'm excited to see Negafonzie in action.
Say, Pink, did you get the Googform I PMed you yesterday?
Yyyyyyya.
Howdy, Bel b
.
Hey, Verno.
I'm curious what triggers/options you're eyeing, Bel, besides the reporter.
hooo
I did. I've resent it. Thank you.
re-sent.
I'm at work right now, so it'll have to be sometime later, maybe this weekend or something.
Nope, Jov. That's a pretty fresh idea.
Go for it.
The more esoteric damage types (burn/shock/rend) are generally a step above the rest.
There's a lot of negative rep associated with burning people, granted.
Hey Tell.
The day called me, but I hung up.
I should be wrapping up Amphetamine Queen's session today, but we've been doing it via Google Docs.
How is she doing, Faust? Better?
It's been dealt with, Dol. She was prescribed a week's regimen of antibiotics and also got a shot in her butt.
^
Say, Teller, what are your tips for young (pre-teen age) NPC characterization?
All of the ones in Sicol Bend are really great.
And it's something that I realized I've glossed over in my running things so far, because I've not really been sure how to handle it.
That trigger looks solid, Jovial.
I'm happy to accept it as is, but maybe some other folks will have some commentary before I do.
Hmm... portrayal, action descriptors (e.g. Playpen kicking her chair), diction/syntax, mentality, motivations, reasoning.
ba ba dee ba ba dum
My biggest Sicol Regret is not playing a character that could have had Cassette on their team.
I need to stop playing bastard PCs.
an#other game
yeah
<Pink> Tempted to make an evil, goateed Schuyler, who inexorably finds his evil organization drawn into heroism and not being exploded despite their best efforts. <Antioch> gahahaha. <Pink> Finally, he is forced to confront his mortality, facing down unspeakable odds, when his mechanical pancreas explodes in a harmless EMP that shuts down all the villain's power armor. <Pink> Robbing him of his dramatic death. <Antioch> pffft. <Pink> He'd be 
played by Gary Sinise. <Antioch> i love it.
That's a good point.
I'll rework the thingy.
For next time.
Feel free to put down "just let me roll luck like normal you fucking monster" as a thing.
It's not. It is more difficult to transfer Wards.
Goal: Make fun of Pioneer for being blind.
Playing a character who was forced into the Wards against their will would be good.
Milestone: Make a teammate cry with your mean words.
Milestone: Break into the PRT files to look up your colleagues' documented trigger events, and then use said information to bully them.
Etc.
It is.
Some would be on file regardless, afaik.
Milestone: Pretend to be nice and ask teammate out on a date but haha it was just a prank bro.
Milestone: Smear peanut butter on teammate's door handle but hide thumbtacks under the peanut butter.
I wouldn't mind a less malicious "prankster" type ward, like whoopie cushion the Director sort of stuff.
The Great Bamboozler, e.g.
More as an NPC than a PC. Would be stale, if it were the latter.
Not yet, Saff
I'm probably going to bed soon though
The Getting Clowned On By Playpen Club
23:00 <Nonagon> Go big or go home.
Do it. Save Sicol Bend from Cassette.
Her ice cream ain't shit.
yeah
Many have died on my watch.
Man, did Schuyler do even one decent thing?
I hope somebody gets the cauldron option, I always like doing those vial sessions.
non, please ;-(
I'm excited to do the gens.
Have you seen the triggers?
@ Tuzi.
I'm excited for Indianapolis! I'd take more players in a flash, but I don't want to overload myself.
We are not.
I'm just excited. :P
You can prepare in advance. :D
By increasing their efficacy, the players will get overconfident and punch above their weight class. The more threatening they are, the more likely the campaign's lethality level will rise.
Nefarious.
Once tubes finishes I just need Bel and Lysa and then we can get this show on the road. I hope it's tomorrow since Sunday is busy for me.
cogooo
my boy
Not on the inside
His soul was in his peen and now it's been excised
I just assumed that he lost his nuts too and thus didn't check IC.
I've never heard of castrations that leave the testicles behind - but then again I haven't heard of many castrations.
One of my WD characters was castrated by Dolyn's, Bow. I think that's what prompted the discussion.
If Booty Shorts or Malfire took the time to give him a vaginoplasty, I'll be legitimately impressed.
Yeah.
Hmm. I want to explore the concept of a rogue Trump-Changer that shapeshifts people permanently now.
Dysphoria solution and identity theft business all under the same roof.
If your face starts melting we don't do refunds!
I guess it could be rogue healing, too. Shapeshift into a person who doesn't have their face charred off.
Agreed. Not sure what the right game might be, though.
All healers ought to be in some form or fashion.
wew
That's a good app, tubes.
Damn. tubes and Faust's leader ideas are both really good in completely different directions.
Yeah, Faust.
strong power
I don't want to go too hard on the "group boss" narratives when there's already a Director.
His cape name is Invisible Hand.
Hey guys. I got all the forms in so we can powergen now.
Who all is here and up for it?
Lemme ping ColdGold and Nonagon before we get started.
I got a -lot- of good concepts for 4. It's damn tough.
But we can start with Mishie and trigger 2. I'm on my phone, so if someone could pastebin the trigger for me?
Yeah. He provided solid direction for the concept and potential plot hooks.
Thanks! Let's do this old style and touch on themes and potential classifications.
Anxiety, caffeine overdose, elevated heart rate, failure, self-sabotage, procrastination, time crunch, dehydration, lack of sleep, malnourishment.
"Ante" as a Breaker conditional feels good to me.
I feel time dilation is a little too pat for thematics.
I didn't, Vern.
Oh, I did see that.
Einstechen art. It's not a 404 for me.
👌
There's a cost to be paid upon exiting the Breaker state.
It's mitigated by what's performed while in the state.
Hmmm...
Thinker (Breaker-Thinker).
They baseline have their Thinker power on and can enter Breaker state to overclock. Thinker headache on exiting unless criteria is met.
Sorta Spotlight heady.
Yeah. And the resultant backlash on exit is modulated by what was accomplished in the Breaker state, maybe.
I worry that it's winmore/losemore though.
You kick ass and you get no thinker headache or you do jack shit and you get a thinker headache.
Yeah. Baseline Thinker power, but with a visual effect when active.
Since perception mode seems like the way to go here.
Yeah, humansense vision mode with people brighter the higher their heart rate is A+.
Visible trails in Breakermode would be legit.
Weakpoint scope is a oneperson active tracker that grants combat bonuses and reveals or creates weaknesses
Spikes the focus victim's anxiety and causes them to make mistakes
Target limbs for free
Crit up
I think throwing knives are the ranged option of choice here
I'm still throwing some ideas around for the time being.
Multiple iterations on the same theme feels good to me.
SCG's nemesis.
I've got something good coming along.
So, I need some help on two things - the "nerve claws" debuff, and the combat precog effect.
I'm thinking a lesser shock wound but with a moderate rend effect in terms of phantom pain stuff, at the outset, but I think some of the rend options don't really work with that execution.
I might do my own table for it. It'll be like stat debuffs and pain effects for the most part.
So, for combat precog... I'm not sure if I want to do it dicepool style, but I'm not sure if there's another good execution.
I think granting flat MA pips is kinda meh, and MA needs some polishing as a skill anyways. It's about making them predictable, and I'm stuck right there.
What'cha got?
After the fact?
Would you sabotage them before they attack, or after?
Anything that needs tweaks or adjustments?
Cool. Guess we'll just wait for Mishie to roll luck on that one.
Up for a second, or do you folks want to take a break?
Cool. Let's move on to...
tubes -- and trigger 5.
Yeah, let's do a pastebin of it.
It's cause there were no line breaks.
Tubes and 5.
Exploding steam engine one.
Traditional.
Primary: Heat, pressure, devastating elemental damage, scald, dissolve.
Secondary: Engine, machine, power, generator, lack of partition, oversight, critical failure.
Tertiary: Humanitarian, charitable, ambitious, lack of support, startup project.
Hard limit on noncombat charge threshold
That's a good one.
It's a nice "get the fuck up outta melee range" option.
I'm mulling it over. I like the overarching concept, especially the intangible aura armor with moldable Brute/Shaker options. I want to add a little something, but I'm not quite sure what it is I want to add.
I'm not sold on the 'smash shit up to charge' aspect, I think, but I'm not too sure what a good alternative is.
I still want it to charge, not degrade.
Starting at 5 is broken and not fun if they don't get to play around with the effect for long.
Most fights that I've run or been in have been longer than 5.
Spending one for a mobility option seems like something I wouldn't mind adding.
Aha! I like that.
I think a pinprick midrange blast could do the trick. I'm thinking some sort of shrapnel and machinery bent to it.
Would be in tandem with the committed charge, IMO.
I like the visuals of the committed charge where this guy turns on his aura to make an impressive or intimidating entrance/threat/whatever.
Hmm, yeah, that ties into the 'destruction' aspect I was waffling on.
Shreds nearby car chassis for ragged bits of metal, pockmarks asphalt and concrete...
I want it to connect it more thematically to 'charging' the aura, somehow.
Yeah. Environment gets torn up and provides projectiles to attack with when they committed charge.
How does hitting someone with the projectiles thematically connect to increasing the aura strength?
Hmm...
Shrapnel embeds to struck victims (and lingering aura abrades at armor) and a tether links the victim and the cape. Body temp is drained along the tether for one round, and the tether snaps? Not sure how I feel about that one.
Hmm...
I'm going to take a shower and contemplate it.
Hey Tell.
Taking a shower and being on IRC aren't mutually exclusive.
Hey, Tell, would you mind giving us a hand with this powergen?
We're on the fifth trigger on this list, with an aura Brute/Shaker power.
That paste doesn't take into account Non's later suggestion of "consume environment on charging for light ammo", and I am looking for alternative charging options.
Spending an action to charge is not too fun and shouldn't allow the cape to prep to max, while destroying objects to charge the aura doesn't quite feel right to me.
The aura shreds nearby environmental features to create jagged metal (car chassis, etc), and asphalt/concrete shrapnel.
Sorry, tubes. It was a real tough choice.
Worrying.
I like the aura idea, but I'm wondering if we can explore other concepts for a new perspective and crib facets from there.
Could someone paste my primary secondary tertiary theming from earlier?
[12:08:48]  <Antioch> Primary: Heat, pressure, devastating elemental damage, scald, dissolve.
[12:08:48]  <Antioch> Secondary: Engine, machine, power, generator, lack of partition, oversight, critical failure.
[12:08:48]  <Antioch> Tertiary: Humanitarian, charitable, ambitious, lack of support, startup project.
Ooh, that's very tidy. I like that.
I'm mulling over the 'destruction' aspect and considering that the aura itself degrades debris within, consuming matter to feed its intensity, applying a melee effect that abrades and rips apart armor.
Just one. We're in the midst of the second.
1 will be next, if people are game.
Yeah.
I like the flavor of it.
Steamdude or Eye breaker?
Boom/Bust type mechanics?
OK, so the "aura" or "pressure" resource is interchangeable.
Going off the steam theme, passive accrual makes sense, but I'm not sure if it's fun in terms of gameplay.
I've been staring at one of my old and cruddy D&D homebrew classes that also uses a pressure resource mechanic, but the game hedonics are completely different (in my books).
BRB. My phone is about to die.
Hrm. A passive escalation resource as per Lung, but there's backfire past a certain threshold?
Overpressure, which requires bleeding off? I worry there will be too many mechanics at odds.
Yeah, Boom/Bust. Risk of backfire, of losing investment.
What's the ante, though, I wonder?
Hmm... what was at stake, when it came to the trigger?
Financial stability, their dreams/idealism, the success of their small group.
Mmm
Yeah, was what I was about to say.
And the shard picked that guy because they were willing to take risks and stake a lot on their dreams and goals
So it'd make sense if it wanted to encourage that selfsame behavior when it came to wielding the shard
There we go, I feel like I'm onto something now
Teruzi, you are under arrest.
Yeah. as it ought to be.
To both of what y'all are saying. :p
You're making me hungry.
I don't mind the 'intangible armor' aura flavor and the whole 'super saiyan level up' thing.
I need to figure out the cost/reward of the gambling mechanic in some more detail. I'll brb, I need to get a late lunch.
dang it. i just broke my glasses.
The GM is trying to find a backup pair of glasses.
I have one I'm almost done with, Vern
Getting groceries and will be back to finish it / the gen.
What themes?
I'm on my way back from groceries. Will be ready soon.
Overarching?
Let me get these groceries put up.
Yeah. Let me wrap up tubes' gen first.
Let me know what you think. I'm not 100% sure yet.
I'm welcome to suggestions and changes that will make it less complicated.
We can do luck after this, yes.
saffs against drunk driving
It looks good, Non.
Do we want to have some additional 'vent' options?
I like the theme/visuals, personally.
^
Or Hunter x Hunter, if I recall Cogo's discussion correctly.
I felt that Non took all of the major aspects of your suggestion into mind in that writeup?
I think that can be addressed by adjusting the numbers.
I like Non's suggestion as a baseline and I think we should work from there.
I don't mind if there's a few lower levels where the brute effect isn't visually evident.
Outside of, maybe, bulging muscles and stuff.
So I'm thinking we could have a threshold before the aura manifests... on Non's scale, maybe at the 3 or 4?
Hmm. No cracks. Red glow, second skin, gets bigger and more amorphous as it pushes out, maybe?
I'm not too worried about aesthetics at the moment.
Sorry, one sec. I'm taking a phone call.
Sorry, I've been busier than expected today and had to deal with the whole glasses thing. I'll try and play a more active role in the process now.
OK, done with the call. Let me take the cat litter out and I'll try to finalize the power.
I'm really sorry, again.
Hey Nonagon|PC - could you give me edit rights for that document? I'll try and hash out my thoughts there.
Ty.
Until 4 feels better.
I want to make it easy for them to build up, but hard for them to blow up, so it's a question of how much risk they're willing to undergo at the outset
The way I see it, they can try and delay their detonation bit by bit, but if they want to vent the whole pool in one go, it'll be from blowing themselves up.
I'm not sure if "pump and blow" is the best turn of phrase to use here. You'll distract Teruzi.
Boom and Bust
Have been the keywords that I've been using here
Only takedowns automatically prevent blowups
I'd be fine with attacking not building it up, with just a passive +1 every round
I'd prefer it not to be too granular. It'll be easier for me to keep track of I think
I'm a little confused.
Why doesn't he have a reason right now?
Nix +1 on attack, add +1/2 at the start of each round?
I don't really like the 1/2 idea but it's easier than increasing the pool size for me.
5-8 minutes is a bit too long of a timescale for me.
I think I'm OK with the write-up as it is right now. If it ends up being fucky in-session, I'll hash it out with tubes and work it out with him.
One wound and two effects, maybe?
Mmm. One wound and one mod burn and one mod bash effect.
How's that?
One wound two effects or one wound one effect, d'you guys think?
Bearing in mind that nearby folks are also gonna get whacked.
OK. It'll deal a wound AND effect but to compensate I'll give him an extra Guts.
Hrmm.
Let me see what I can do to fix that.
The theme I'm going for here is "How hard should I go from the outset. Do I want to come in swinging and blow up soon, or do I want to start out weaker and more vulnerable to avoid blowing up too soon."
And I guess I'm just having a hard time adjusting the mechanics to reflect that.
I want blowing up to be a calculated risk.
But I also want keeping track of the "pressure" resource to not be too intensive on PC or GM part.
I know, Pink. I'm trying to figure out a change
I was more going for the "how much do I have to juice myself up to wipe the floor with these dudes, and can I do it before I blow up, ideally"
I know. I said that I'm having a hard time adjusting the mechanics to reflect what I want
I'll try and run the power through some combat simulations tomorrow to see if I can put my finger on if it does what I want it do.
For now, I guess it's OK to roll luck. It might help me with the direction I want to take it in.
Hang on, I did a special luck thing for Mishie and I wanted to do one for this one too
Sorry
OK, will do.
goot morne
gonna do trigger 1 lysa gen today when there are folks
!addquote 11:49 <Nonagon> "[09:51:45] <tubes> i wonder if you can kill a 12 year old and still get into heaven" All things are possible through Christ our Lord.
Would anyone be up for giving me a hand with Lysa's trigger? I'll be pretty busy today but I'll try and chime in where possible.
 Thanks, everyone!
Let me know how Cars 3 is, Faust.
Here is the trigger.
I would like to make the following clarifications.
Lysa's character will be a woman as well, and the resulting trigger event will take place in a gay bar.
This may inform the flow/direction of the powergen somewhat.
Trigger credit goes to Nonagon.
I would like to emphasize the triggeree's inferiority complex, paranoia, perceived abandonment.
I would like to leave it ambiguous how much of it is in their heads, as far as what they feel is going on.
My preference leans towards Stranger/Changer done in the shifter style, but a more esoteric application that isn't pure shapeshifting.
That said, I'm definitely open to more ideas.
Actual minions is a little iffy to me, but holograms / simulacrums / mirror images I think I'd be OK with.
Here you go, Bow.
Minor errata: 12:43 <Antioch> Lysa's character will be a woman as well, and the resulting trigger event will take place in a gay bar.
Master-wise, I feel like perception/emotion fuckery is more my speed here
I'm crossing my fingers for a real bastard of a power
That seems to lend itself to a melee attack of some form
With addt'l melee range
i'd like some facet of the power that's usable in civ form so the shard has the opportunity to really get their hooks in 'em and capitalize on their paranoia and insecurities and such
Gross! :0
I'm digging the melee-into-minion-gen aspect there.
I'm liking the story ideas I'm coming up with so far.
I wouldn't mind emphasizing jealousy here, in some way or another
Oooh. I like that, Non.
I'll chew that over. I think I'm good for luck, for now
And I'll do the writeup when I get home
I like Val's idea of minor appearance theft.
BRB driving.
Check further back, Maz|Fireback
That's where the Amontillado is.
germen
kinda busyish today but PM me and i'll respond when able
I get more out of GMing than I do playing, personally.
One last trigger to do in a few.
RIP Dags :(
Really?
I didn't expect that.
As a corollary to Non's question, who do you think exemplifies a player who's calculating about their actions, versus a player who's impulsive bout their actions?
I don't think there's a problem so long as the players are consenting, giving it a quick glance-over, but I don't have any first-hand experience with the game.
While I would like to, Non, I'm worried that my fall will be too busy to allow consistent play, as I'm trying to graduate one semester earlier than expected.
Hey folks, it's a little late, but would anyone be up for helping me gen one last power?
OK, just wrapped up what I needed to do, so I can help and contribute to this gen as well.
Here we go --
Saff's got it.
Of the triggers I wrote for Indianapolis, I'm happiest with this one, so fingers crossed we can crank out something snazzy for it.
Let me fish out the logs of yesterday's discussion
I'm not sure if I want to go "gender ambiguous", "agender", or "gender dichotomy" (as per Nonagon's suggestion) for visual thematics, yet.
Gender dichotomy likely has the most mechanical breadth.
But I'm not sure how I feel about the shard getting all Professor Oak on the triggeree.
Self-brainwashing is a very interesting facet, Cogo.
I agree that Changer/Thinker feels like the right direction for this.
Like, classic Changer per the Shifter style?
I like the fact that the power exacerbates loss of identity.
I wouldn't mind some aspect of the power that allows the cape to retain their sense of self -- the important fragments of it, at least, with the passenger operating in the background eroding away aspects that they deem unnecessary, maybe.
The cape is pre-teens/early teens, so it'd be really nice to see how they're molded by their power and their trigger at an age where they're pretty malleable.
I'm wondering if there's a way to retain duplicated characteristics -- not physically, I don't think, that'd solve the issue of the trigger too easily -- but things like memories, knowledge, skills, at the cost of losing existing memories.
The cape could pick and choose what they want to discard, which plays into the self-brainwashing thing that Cogo did that I liked.
And then they slowly lose their sense of self and are instead subsumed into a simulacrum cobbled from multiple people's personalities.
At the high end, they might even be able to steal life perks.
Or dupe, rather.
^
I like the flavor of it.
So all of the good memories of their formative years get shredded, leaving them only with the mom-imposed isolation and lack of meaningful connection with peers and etc. etc.?
I'm liking the idea. Would want to make sure that compensation/incentive is adequate.
Okay. Let me try and cobble together a write-up.
Let me know how this feels to you.
Hmm...
Duplicated stats fall off at one pip per day until the cape's original stats are reached. Knowledge cannot be a duplicated stat. Is this OK?
I think that they can maintain archetypes indefinitely.
They're shallow enough that it feels fine as an extended Thinker power, even if they do rack up archetypes, though I guess I ought to clarify that +1 dice from overlapping archetypes wouldn't stack.
The Changer transformation is a power-generated shell over the cape themselves, with a mildly Breakerish effect modifying their physical shape as needed if they transform into someone that is, for example, smaller than they are -- the Changer form has its own wound tracker, and the cape is forcibly reverted when the form sustains damage sufficient to take it out (no Guts roll to maintain consciousness). When forced out of the form or
voluntarily cancelling the form, the cape has a one-minute cooldown before they are able to duplicate another person.
I get what you're saying, Non.
To touch on your earlier idea, I wouldn't mind approaching the conjurable "armor" idea from a magical girl transformation perspective.
Taking someone's identity and replacing your own with it is objectively a kinda cruddy thing to do, but when you're a pre-teen kid and you have no idea who you are and you hate it, it seems like a really easy option. Great for the shard, but I worry that it doesn't provide enough of a compelling narrative.
Hence why I want to jump back to something that puts more of a layer between the cape and the real world -- armor, becoming the mask, whatever -- just so long as, at the end of the day, it's still -them- behind the power/costume/whatever and still -them- having to struggle with their identity crisis.
If running away from the very nice family who just happens to be working hard and doing their best to undo the damage your crazy psycho mom did to you is the first option, and the option that's given a bump up in terms of viability based on your power, then I'd wanna scoot away from there.
From thereon, I think it's a question of if their power would try to shoehorn them towards one particular gender (the one they want OR the one they don't want) OR allow options from both OR be wholly agender.
Picking "the one they don't want" seems like the wrong way to go -- would be pressure on the same thing from both sides.
The one they want helps them use cape life as an escape, so I think that serves the shard's purpose without being super ham-fisted.
So... foster/extended family is exerting pressure towards 'girl', trying to "fix" them, as the case may be.
The power provides an outlet, and trends towards the masculine.
Thus cementing the work the mother's laid the foundations for.
The premise of armor works as well, as it can be chipped away, cracked, destroyed, which ties into the "hiding self" narrative I'd be wanting to go for.
Hmm. How would giving them that choice affect the narrative?
By choosing solely "masculine" it drives a wedge between the cape and the family that's trying to fix them.
So it might be in the shard's best interests to nix a feminine option, to create that rift.
I know there have been a few triggers like that, but I couldn't tell you what powers came out of it off the top of my head.
I'm less concerned about combat and more concerned about the type of narrative the power would promote, currently.
That's a fair point, Tuzi.
I hadn't considered that route.
OK, dichotomy it is.
I think it would make sense for the two powersets to be vastly different in terms of utility?
Yeah. I think escaping to someone else's life is a little too shallow for the story I want to go for.
Okay, I like where you're going with this.
"Ribbon/sword dancer" suggestion from earlier would be good.
That's an interesting direction, Non.
Turns into a gradient transformation rather than a dichotomous transformation, which I'm not necessarily against.
The gradient transition seems like it'll have some complications regardless of which end you start at -- I think a Dancer & Lancer dichotomous transformation should do the trick.
Both should have different combat uses, but I'm mulling over potential non-combat uses either one might have (if any).
I think a gradient transformation vastly shifts the narrative connotations of the power, though.
OK, I think I'm satisfied with Dancer & Lancer thematics. Let's try and get the mechanics figured out?
Southern Belle and Cattle Rancher.
Evasion / agility versus raw power / durability is the core conceit of it, but I wouldn't mind going into further detail.
The transformation ought to wreathe the cape in a glowing light as the armor manifests around them, btw.
Oblique versus linear.
I like the ribbons dictating interesting vectors of motion and attack -- we can draw on Mary from Twig for inspiration on that front.
I also like being able to hurl the lance and impale victims to a surface, pinning them there.
With also a chargeable / telegraphed melee "rush" that covers a long but predictable distance -- either with the lance, or to retrieve the lance.
This is solid stuff, Non, thank you.
To bring back the "gradient" transition idea -- I'm thinking that it'd be impossible to shift from female to male easily, they'd have to revert to their original body as an intermediate stage?
Hrmm. I am using the morale mechanic, but... narratively, how would this manifest?
This character shifts from Dancer to Lancer -- what's running through their mind?
Sudden and severe discomfort in their own skin?
I like the direction you're going with it, Teruzi.
I'm imagining the negative sensation to be more disgust than anything really physical, maybe.
Morale penalty isn't a bad way to manifest the shift.
So... one round transformation, be it from base to armor(M/F) or swapping armors?
Woo!
Disgust, mental anguish, discomfort, skin crawling, etc?
No such penalty upon reverting to base?
Oh, I definitely like that, Non.
I'm happy to take both into consideration. It gives me more ammo to be descriptive with, for the morale penalty - mechanically, it ought to be the same.
More the latter, Jov.
Okay, I'm pretty happy with how the power is. Let's hash out the mechanics and we'll be good to go.
better nate than lever
Oooh.
I like that idea.
A month IG, or OOG?
The ribbons facilitate oblique angles of attack.
Hmm...
It's a little late in the game to propose a change, but I don't think I need to change a lot around to do this.
What if the Dancer/Lancer forms operated in tandem, as per Pas de Deux?
The cape selects one and manifests the other, swapping consciousnesses between the two at will.
Would be kind of broken, re: action economy, but thematically, I like it better, and I could tweak down some of the benefits to compensate.
What do you guys think?
How do you mean?
Hmm. What if they go inert?
Would mean that the inert form is targetable and can be chipped down / smashed more easily while inactive.
I think that's a liveable drawback, though -- and it gives the active form something to defend.
Hey, I like that better.
Might give some sort of passive damage reduction to the inert form? Not sure if that's needed?
Try and get your foster family's pet dog to hold a sword in its mouth for you, Pink.
In the sense that it's too powerful, Mish, or too mechanically complicated?
I was meaning to make it such that the autonomous minion didn't benefit from skills, but I forgot to mark it down.
I also think that making the minion inert rather than vanishing will help mitigate the armor issue.
The armor is separate, but the cape's baseline internal health is singular.
Pink is Lancer, loses 2 armor. Pink shifts to Dancer. Dancer has her own armor.
Each form has its own 'armor' track.
But the meaty insides has its own 'health' track.
That's what I was thinking, Non.
If the cape moves too far away from it it'll just turn to dust/ash/light/whatever.
The minion doesn't have health.
So when it gets to the point when all of its armor is broken, it'll just go inert -- unless the cape shifts back to pilot it, and then at that point the cape is vulnerable.
Woo! 
I think we did it, everyone.
This is a doozy of a power, and I like it.
It's busy being dust/ash/not in the physical world, I think.
Let's say Pink goes out and kicks ass and uses both forms.
Then after that's done and over with, if there's a leftover minion, it'll just crumble away.
Or vanish in a puff of light.
I like the crumbling aesthetic better.
I used the 3 round limit and trimmed some of the 'costume' benefits.
I don't believe so, Dol
Sure. It's quiet enough here that we can manage it in this channel.
Pink, would you roll $perk and $flaw for me?
I'm doing a special thing.
Not sure if you saw the other ones in Indianapolis.
But the ones you picked will be taken into account.
That's rather fitting.
Huh. I don't know how I'd begin to apply that to the power.
Does anyone have any thoughts? Otherwise, I'll ask for a flaw reroll.
Alright, let's reroll that.
"[00:00:34] <Antioch> Does anyone have any thoughts? Otherwise, I'll ask for a flaw reroll." Pick the first two and skip the tell?
I didn't quite parse that, Non. I'm a little tired.
1) Your flaw is Nascent. Roll $perk again and pick your preference.
2) Your flaw is Cultural Gap. Roll $perk again and pick your preference.
3) Your Perk is Astrictum. Roll $flaw again and pick your preference (we'll go with 'Always On', since it works, as per Non's suggestions).
Pick 1, 2, or 3, and then do the relevant roll.
I've ported all 4 indianapolis triggers to the trigger doc and am claiming them.
I don't know why I didn't just put them in the used tab
Probably because I'm a fucking idiot
I'm happy with the gendering being in her head.
The gendering in the $claim writeup was just for thematic association.
We can work together to discuss the aesthetics of the forms in detail at length.
Is there any WoG on if Scion was circumcised or not?
He's clothed unless you have a game set really really early in the setting though.
Oh?
I tried to send them on a wild goose chase for the dog, but it didn't work.
Welcome back, Teller.
I've completed my spotlight review of Sicol Bend while you were away.
Hexchat is better overall, but I'm on a lot of different computers and my phone.
ree
reeee
You're really backing me into a corner here, Cogo.
Not today, it seems.
This may be the end for me!
F
Thank you, THalia.
Yeah, Non.
That's why I stayed.
One out of a hundred, I'd estimate.
Well, I just killed one.
I feel bad. :(
I thought I was going to die but I'm just murdering two very nice and good people instead.
:(
I feel so bad, man.
"[23:05:44] <Antioch|Evie> I feel so bad, man." No point in feeling guilty.
In-character, Evie's fine, but it's hard to separate that from OOC feeling at the moment.
I liked Squid. :(
Is there supposed to be a ||, Coldgold?
Sometimes I wish I played decent people.
Feast and famine.
Her knowledge of her own brain is based off of her personal biokinetic sense.
She wouldn't be able to do it for anyone else.
I wonder if I can share learned transformations with my beloved twin sister.
Oh. I thought it was about maximizing the amount of anguish inflicted on the person you're fighting, but that's fair.
She's implicitly murdered a few people. :P
B'good.
Thank you for that natural 100, Thalia. None of this would have happened if I couldn't set fires with my mouth.
You're a kid now.
You're a squid now.
You're dead now.
The tides have turned.
Well, I didn't go into this session expecting this to happen.
I feel bad. I really like Undertow OOC.
Definitely. I had to really think on my toes.
i'm sorry for murdering undertow so early into their screen time :(
Out of curiosity, which of my combat tactics did you enjoy / were you surprised by?
I didn't pull any punches, that's for sure.
Evie is my dirtiest fighter.
I thought I had a good chance to even the odds by fighting on my terms.
Crashing the car, area denial. The fire breath clinched it for me- I probably would have fled otherwise.
They only knew part of my power. :p
The wings were new to them, and I felt confident about staying airborne to mitigate Shark's offenses.
Is it Bug Bitch?
that's a Weed Name
bruh
Guess I'll have to kill the other three...
I /could/.
Haha, wow.
We get more psycho NPCs in town after the bounty.
The Elite get more of a smokescreen. Nice.
Shame that I'll have to retire Napalm Maw unless pressed into a corner.
A "kill on sight" for all local hero teams might be a less drastic intermediary measure.
The horned gauntlet and crab claw is the only upgrades that you meaningfully lose out on, I think, Non.
Unless you care about burst flight / glides.
Yeah. Lily does the rhino tank thing mostly, iirc.
It's a long one
Afternoon, Tell.
Roger that.
Not yet, no.
The lottery happened on the scheduled day as intended (6/15).
Winners were Belaris, tubes, Lysa, and Mishie. Six others got into the queue (Mega, iri, JL, Turco, Shade, and Cam).
And Pink and Faust.
Pink and Mish got in via Cleveland.
Sorry for the slow posts, CG|Anansi. I'm second-guessing myself on the dialogue a lot.
There is a second Indianapolis session beginning in #WDIndianapolis2, for those interested in spectating.
I worked in a combustion lab the summer after my sophomore year, so it's nice to be able to put some of what I learned there into practice.
Which one?
Yeah. I decided I liked the numbered session format of Sicol Bend better overall. Doing the spotlight review convinced me.
No problem, Cogo.
I'm getting there with the dialogue, I think.
Not 100% there, but I feel better now than I did at the start.
Are you planning on making the steam plant great again?
What color will you illuminate Anansi's future car's undercarriage with?
Ah. Makes sense.
He did say "at minimum," to be fair.
An arc and two sessions.
Since May of 2015.
She would probably die before GM in Endbringer response.
You cannot.
She'd get fired and possibly re-hired under Chevalier's new Protectorate.
Tohu/Bohu's more likely, in my opinion, if she survived the Leviathan ones she was deployed to, which I give her decent odds on.
Her spatial gouges slurp up water, so she can get set up and cower behind them.
But she'd definitely get Maze Runner'd by Bohu.
I'm imagining a side session where Lumina tries to sneakily tick the "organ donor" box when Cwn finally gets her driver's license.
Morning, Lysa, all.
I'm coming off of the tail end of an all-nighter, so I'll graciously decline the "good" and very grudgingly accept the "morning".
:P
Hey, Vern.
Bye, Vern.
I haven't had a chance to test it out yet. It's on my to-do list.
Any of you guys have plans for today, be it playing/running WD or otherwise?
I'm looking forward to seeing what you've done with the backstory, Iri.
Enjoy.
I'm wrapping up my exoskeletal brace design and bench testing the prosthetic knee load cell. In an ideal world, I'd like to finish by lunch, get a nap in, and run Indianapolis in the evening, but I'm pessimistic.
Morning, Cogo.
How's it?
I definitely feel you there.
I'm flagging, but I'm close enough to the finish line.
I won't say no to some Indianapolis / WD discussion in general to keep my brain alert and engaged.
I'm definitely not the person to give that particular piece of advice.
I've dislocated my jaw more than a fair share of times, with respect to GMing.
That sounds like an organic and believable situation.
!search clumsy
Never bench without a spotter.
I'll need to grant edit rights to people individually, that said.
Pelt, Mega, Lysa, permissions sent.
The WD cape database spreadsheet.
Might do something like how the Trigger Doc is set up later where certain tabs are locked, but the suggestions aren't.
Ree.
No.
The form is massively inconvenient for GMs who want to edit or add NPCs in bulk.
In fact, it's impossible to edit submissions with the form.
That's why, it seems.
I don't see why you couldn't just type $cape twice.
I also don't see why you should, granted.
What pieces?
I'd like to see you extract more than a half kilogram of bone fragments out of the Keeper HQ lobby.
Every so often, I think back to Sicol Bend, and I wonder what would have happened if things went as originally intended, with Cassette on the team.
It haunts me.
The $cape function was implemented.
It pulls from the Cape Database.
Not at all.
Granted.
I... guess?
Or maybe it's just slow.
Ree.
How did that happen, Non?
I'm away from the computer at the moment, Nick. I can, but it will be a bit.
I didn't know Evie could turn into the entire Elite.
I've fixed it, Non.
Nick, you've been granted access to the spreadsheet.
It stings a little, but not a lot.
If you get shot at close range (10 - 15 feet) and you're not wearing any particularly protective clothing, it'll bruise slightly.
Negligible would be my vote for a paintball shot, unless you're literally being shot point-blank, and that's probably like... a lesser 'thwap'.
You bruise like a peach, Saff.
Good afternoon, Teller.
Shame.
An ape-themed cape would appear.
How are you doing, Lys?
I assume it's a typo of "ayyy".
Rather sleepy.
1.
I'll only use 2 if I'm running multiple sessions at once.
It would be muffled and fuzzy, yeah.
Well -- if the foam expanded /into/ their ear canals
Then they'd be effectively deaf, I think
Yeah.
ILOIHAH
Heh.
you thief
No worries, tubes.
I'm able to run tomorrow pretty much all day as well.
Huh. Y'know, you could replace tubes's shitty cripple hands with your delicate lesbian hands.
Tall enough for what?
Is the D in DM for Deer?
Deermaster?
Makes sense.
Morning, Faust.
#WDIndianapolis session for Lysa's character.
I don't mind running you and Thalia real-time sometime this weekend, Nick.
Amphetamine Queen and Cuckquean. The wonder duo.
Yeah, I'm treating it as a 5.
Breaker state humanoid form with prehensile ribcage. Expands outwards, gouges reality. Damsel-esque, vacuum effect.
I really liked your trick of stealing her voice.
That one impressed me. Well done.
I'm looking forward to how Teller deals with that particular incident, yeah.
Since when have I apologized for anything, ever?
(said in Evie's voice)
Ooh, are we talking about good cape names?
I'm pretty happy with most of the ones I made for NPCs in Indianapolis.
Doot-do-do-doooo.
Gee whiz.
Teller is going to arrest the /fuck/ outta you.
Cucked and in jail. What a way to be.
Tis okay! Sorry about the confusion.
It would be fun to have a tanuki themed cape.
!search drag
!quote 303
!quote 127
Icarus's power is kind of similar to Shark's in San Raul.
I don't have any written information, but if you ask about any given character, I'll tell you.
I'll do the same with Indianapolis characters, as well.
Gauche
It's a play on "main gauche", which is a parrying dagger, but gauche in and of itself has much different connotations.
Glad to hear we're on the same page.
Jovial.
One of my NPCs goes by Busta Crimez.
It'll be okay.
It's really tough to beat Ghetto G-sus.
Is an asscloud a fart?
Do you, by chance, mean "inc-reeeeee-ment"?
I see Locked-In Girl is a Reimann fan.
The royalties that are coming in will keep his dinner plate teeming with rats.
Doesn't sound palatable.
Evie should trademark instigating race riots.
Sure. "Instigating riots" as a trademark casts a wider net.
This is a good deal more Blaster than it is Brute.
I'm feeling something more, mm.
Revel-ish, maybe?
The trigger.
Hmm...
I would debate that point.
You're trying to apply a Doylist interpretation of the mechanics into a Watsonian analysis of shard intent.
Hence why I disagree.
I see you're changing the goalpoasts.
*goalposts
Controversy, incite, lecture, pulpit -- megaphone, broadcast, voice, transmission of message, touch on prior themes. Controversy, incite... we move onto elements. Not 'sonic' damage, but let's tackle the themes more obliquely. Invective -- do we want heat (starting a riot), steam (building up pressure), blade (cutting words), acid (caustic language), smoke (confusion, obscure, gunpowder)...
I'm inclined to pick maybe three of those elements, touching on the "versatile" blaster category, with opportunities to blend more.
Remember Hierophant's Luddite from Sicol Bend?
I could see a two-handed blaster power, where they conjure two discrete elements in either hand (or the same in both) -- and either hurl two weak blasts separately, or blend the effects.
Picking the same for both would be one potent blast, while picking two and mixing allows for some creativity in projectile use.
72.
So rather than Luddite's "charge" mechanic, we have a discrete pool of elements to draw on and blend.
I'm inclined to minimize the Brute aspect of the trigger, but a slight nod to it is fine.
Personally, I feel like it's an instance where the Blaster primary and Brute secondaries are separate rather than two facets of the same package -- the threat of the gunman and the existing wound is only connected in a cause/effect sense.
I'm more than happy to bend the rules and apply an elemental twist on the Brute package, allowing them to customize defenses based on the elements that their Blaster pool draws on.
The metal element suggestion would tie in to that.
I wouldn't want to make it too Kaiser-esque.
I think sound is too on-the-nose.
Like I said, it's more about the contents of the message than the message itself.
So heat, smoke, acid, would be my initial considerations.
Lightning, but again, I feel like that's too pat of an interpretation on 'shocking'. :P
I like the 'seal wounds with metal' idea, Pelt.
I'm also willing to bend the flavor of the trigger to involve metal, because heat, smoke, and acid aren't fantastic, defensively. :P
Yeah, I think going for the pun is a bit too much, but it's not on the chopping block yet.
Blood into iron is OK. I'd be willing to run with that.
Yeah, I like the direction you're going, Words.
Allergy triggers are overdone. Cut it out.
Suggestion sheet is fine too.
This might be easier though.
I get leeway with canon?
Don't awoo.
I could swear it's $350.
This is Garrick Jeon levels of parental discipline.
her mom is just going to hurl the bag in some alley somewhere, and the bag will join Hops' bike
By "critical condition," do you mean dead and also in hell?
Folks, I should be over a relatively major hump in my design project this week, so I can get back to GMing. Sorry for the hiatus.
This is patently false. I am only as busy as I am due to procrastination.
But thank you, Dolyn.
I think you're just having a bad trip, Scoob.
I thought of a good cape name, but I think I'd like to call dibs on it.
No school deserves to have its students held hostage by Bomb Collar, Dolyn.
OK. Let it be known that I have dibs on the cape name "Mechanical Turk".
The Birdcage and etc serve as deterrents, generally.
Maybe? My memory has been hazy.
Nah, a reference to the original Mechanical Turk.
Doesn't have the same connotations.
The Mechanical Turk was a chess-playing automaton that turned out to be a hoax.
I like it for the same reasons why I like Spade's old cape name, Von Neumann.
It's a bit too punny for my tastes, but I admit that it serves.
Thank you. Which did you enjoy? I may reuse them.
I just caught up with Sicol Bend. This session is really well done.
That's a good question, Lysa. Cleveland will be done when Saff is available, while I hope to run Nick and Thalia either tomorrow or Sunday, and ColdGold within the next week at his convenience.
And tubes, as well, within the week.
Following that, the schedule falls to you and Teller. The current "round" of sessions (I'm foregoing arc formatting this time around) should end on Tuesday 8/14 in-game.
Bel gets a session whenever he shows up, and Faust is doing things that remain undisclosed by necessity for the time being.
He'll get his first non-preparatory and public session after this current round.
Perfect. Let's aim for Monday afternoon and fall back on Tuesday.
And also, discuss the party you're hosting, in broad strokes.
Okay, keep me posted. There's no great hurry.
Tomorrow is perfectly fine with me if it is for you.
I'll be busier in the midday than the evening.
HUHU.
We should also schedule and discuss, Pink.
Yeah.
Goodbye.......... enemie
It wasn't me.
Quiet day today, it seems.
Evening, all.
I'm not a surgeon. I can only do the latter.
@ Non: I don't think you can check the revision history unless you have edit rights.
The pool was a little too slow.
Sure. You'll be dead of blood loss by the time I attach the new ones, but I suppose you didn't ask to survive the operation specifically.
Come to think, that was essentially what happened to Gungnir.
!search med school
Try not to steal Pain Train's teeth.
You could do that sans powers, anyways.
Lionheart's pretty good-looking.
:^)
My priority when handling wounding and injuries is such that inflicting/receiving them doesn't require suspension of disbelief, in terms of lethality or nonlethality.
How's everyone today?
Say, Nick, Thalia, you two around?
How's the job treating you, Lys?
Sure thing. Let me know if there's anything I can help with, for finishing that sheet.
Great to hear.
Pink, what's your schedule like for the upcoming week? I'd like to chat about our starting point for your first session.
Hmm...
:(
That's good. I'll try and get a hold of him via phone if I don't see him in the next while.
Successful social rolls should give cues as to how to "win" the conversation, but shouldn't win the conversation outright.
Acting on cues might then lead to lower DC or bonuses to following social rolls.
Not a very good one, it seems.
Discomfit her with your controversial ice cream flavor preferences.
Sicol Bend Social is my favorite.
I like this trigger.
Evening, Tell.
I'd have fun with this power.
I'm sure someone here is Thal-tall.
Clearly you should have something like this for your next party, CG:
Various shades of orange.
I've updated the Indianapolis Session Logs.
We'll see how evil you are tomorrow, Lysa.
I'd like to make discussions where GMs talk about their character design process, perhaps with one or two specific characters in mind, a relatively regular thing. I always feel like I learn something from them.
Methodology, certain traits and features that make any given NPC engaging, et cetera.
Uniqueness of dialogue.
CG|Anansi, you alright?
Anansi has two "named" subordinates with noteworthy skillsets, and a potential third if Roderick comes on board.
Julia's most stealable characteristics include acne and severe hormonal imbalances.
He got into a fistfight with a rival gang, his aunt rolled up and beat the shit out of them and dragged him home by the ear, and then he was laughed out of his old gang.
Well, his uncle and auntie are already in town, and cab fare is pretty expensive.
World Star Hip Hop would be a good content aggregate site for villain beefs, too.
I don't know if Anansi is much of a rapper.
What the fuck.
I'm still up, lol.
Glad you enjoyed.
While I was running the session, I thought to myself, "what if Ghetto G-sus was just a cape projection with a fixed range?"
Sorry, Lysa. I just woke up.
Are you still available today?
Let me get a shower and dinner and we can do part of the session today.
It's /ns ghost hebi_ password.
I'm ready when you are, Lysa|GM. Sorry for the lateness of the hour.
#WDFancy sounds like if Prince Charming's TV show got its own campaign v
*.
Accruing a set quantity of money (all tracked, with cameras following the contestant as they wheel and deal) faster than the other competitors, maybe.
Would have to fall under the "rogue" umbrella.
Not a kill order, probably.
But I do think it was discouraged.
Too bad Quaff can't join.
Are you going to sic the FDA on Quaff?
You've missed the boat on that one by a year or two.
just me
what's up?
ahh
it's closed for now, but i'll let you know when it opens up
She hasn't murdered 4/5ths of a squad.
Welcome back, Lys.
Fish or cut bait?
"Played by Thalia" is generally a pretty strong flaw, in any case.
:^)
Cripes, Lys.
Who's that, CG?
Oh, I thought you were about to voice an opinion.
I was interested to hear who tops the charts.
It's a subjective thing, to be sure. Princess December and Goldenrod are good contenders on the girls' side of things.
Tohu and Bohu have not yet made their appearance.
Explosivo has the capability to survive 4 rounds, but he's an anomaly. I think the prize goes to Epidermis.
Cops are like Endbringers, sort of.
It's OK, Lys. Did you say you were able to resume tomorrow, or Thursday?
Alright, to both Lysa and Pink. Let me do one last post and pause there, to give you some time to mull over a game plan.
It's quite alright. I should try and reset my sleep schedule anyways.
Sorry for the late start, Lys. Hope you enjoyed nonetheless.
And good luck.
Leviathan can eat my bug ass.
Say, Nick.
Is Cruise's range such that he could take potshots at the Simurgh were he so inclined?
(While she's dormant, that is.)
Good night, everyone.
The NPC best-suited for fighting Leviathan in either of my campaigns is BFT, I think.
Toby and Brody, the twin Endbringers.
Pink's session is happening in 2.5 hours, ideally.
I need to go to the doctor and make mashed potatoes first.
Sorry. It turns out that the psychiatry clinic booked over my appointment for some reason. Not sure if I feel up to running something right now.
There's no rush.
"Pawprint" would have been a good name for May, but I think it gives away too much of her power.
It was in Index's "first day of school" session, IIRC.
I don't think I've referenced any campaigns in Indianapolis short of relatively opaque easter eggs.
Teller and Pink have caught one apiece.
That's less of a reference and more of a continuation.
And that's less of a reference and more of a loan.
I think so. I'd also like to run Pink and Saff today, but I need to pull myself together a little first.
Check back with me in three hours?
One of the references mentioned above was PRT doc only, but the other reference was the fact that Sykkiä was depicted on one of the sandwich advertisements for Guidance's workplace.
It was a visual descriptor only, so it probably slipped under the radar for anyone who wasn't Pink, Sykkiä's owner.
More like Buttler, am I right?
That's a shame. I was hoping to kill a PC or two.
"Hey, Ignatius. One of the Offshoots attacked a civilian in a crowded mall, then murdered two prominent heroes. You think you could lend a hand? I'm sure your opinion and assistance will be wholly unbiased."
Oh, please do.
Going after the Offshoots is counter to my character's goals.
School starts on Aug 22.
Does Leah like wearing the color yellow?
If you played your cards right in the Wards, citing the need to maintain a strong personal identity via branding, you could theoretically argue for your costume to get iced out.
Having your mad stacks squirreled away in a trust fun until your graduation is a little disheartening, though.
* trust fund
Pilot test, probably.
Say, pelt, would you be up to wrapping up a Cleveland session today?
* up for
Maybe sometime this weekend, if I'm able, Thal.
Do "good" people empathize with murderous former villain Cwn Annwn? Discuss below.
Staniel the Spaniel.
Stewbuilder Dennis.
Cholly the Yegg.
Fifty-tooth Slim.
Tearbaby Hannity Sloop.
J.R. Lintstockings.
Orphaned Reynaldo, the Child with Haunting Eyes
Come on, man, I have at least 600 more high-quality hobo names.
No, Boxcars is flying away. He's swapped himself with Valiant, Trickster-style, in an effort to escape the clutches of the PRT.
Nah, you're right.
My favorite hobo name is Hobo "Hoboverlord" Overlord.
Church-lovin' Tobias Stomachache.
Fuck.
I'm about to waste 3+ hours of my life making a $madlibs hoboname function.
"The more time you spend talking to Wink, the more time he has to drain you. You should just kill him as quickly as you can."
Perfect.
It's still a work in progress.
This hobo name generator is possibly my best work yet.
OK, no problem.
Enjoy. No rush.
Cool. Saff's grabbing some dinner at the moment, I believe.
No, it's actually him. I asked for permission.
If you die I might have to retcon the cameo with another fuzzy cape. >:)
This was all a plot to dissuade you from hunting my character down like the dog she is.
Is this like the time where Billy dipped his arm into lava?
Please don't fist my throat. It's not a very heroic thing to do.
it's the remix to ignition
That would truly be foolish.
Welcome back, Lysa.
Hey, Lysa, your work schedule is the same tomorrow, right? Free past 6:30 EST?
I have a big day of travelling tomorrow, but I'll be trading driving shifts, so I should have some time to run.
I'll also be driving on Saturday under the same circumstances, but only during the morning / late evening, being busy most of the day proper.
You're up, pelt.
This goes for soulpelt|Wink, Saff|Cwn, and Pink|Julia as well -- I think I can reach a good stopping point for Indianapolis today and pause after a scene skip in a few moments, but I don't think I can resolve the Cleveland scenario tonight, when I still need to make dinner and pack, etc.
Let me know where your availabilities lie, and I'll work with you on scheduling.
Okay. There's no rush. I'd like to pace myself as well.
Happy birthday. My present for you is unresolved gender identity issues.
No problem. Thanks for playing.
I feel like I'm in an alright place, GMing-wise.
Cleveland runs itself, more or less. I just have to be the person to tell everyone what happens.
It depends on how liberally you want to define "escaping", I guess?
I think you have pretty high chances of that, pelt.
A good deal, yeah.
She would have activated Longinus's device early, since she knew how to bypass most of the security measures.
Would have been a more coherent "final boss" for the session.
* the campaign.
Drunk as a skunk?
There were plenty of "final boss" candidates. Caitiff isn't really one of them, because he's not really the sort of guy to fight a bunch of people all at once.
Caitiff is more like the little jewel bug in the Dark Souls games who runs away and you can kill them for loot, except if he gets away then the level fills with poison gas and you get put on a death timer.
Capo II would have been the puzzle boss.
Cape name: Umami
Not to any significant degree of precision, Fir.
All that's publically known is that he was shot three times.
Anyways, I've got to head off. I'm going to get groceries, and my phone is dead. I'll probably be off for the night afterwards. See you guys later.
You're not far off the mark. Not Alexandria package, and not pick 2, but neither of them are wholly false.
G"ree"tings to you too, tubes.
Ev"ree"one's a c"ree"tic.
I think single quotes work better here.
Hey, Cogo.
i'm thinking about doing an NPC design discussion today since I'll be bored while on the road.
for top down and bottom up designs, specific roles that they are intended to fill in any given narrative, power design for NPCs in specific, etc.
or in here, depending on how busy it is and who's interested.
probably not too long from now.
Probably a little broader, Lys
Discussing multiple design methods and what each is better suited for
Could probably do a hands-on example for one or two
We could probably dress this up as a collaborative worldbuilding exercise.
Conjure up a setting from scratch, since NPCs are by definition designed to fill a setting.
Anyone up for that worldbuilding/NPC design thing I was mentioning earlier?
Hey Mega.
Just a shell to put certain NPC design techniques into practice.
Enjoy.
I guess I'll start here and people can chime in where it's needed.
Let's start with... a location.
That treads on canon a bit too much.
Alright. We'll use Raleigh as our example city.
For folks who have been here for a while, no relation to 'pelt's old campaign.
Set during the timeskip.
So, before we get to the good stuff, like genning for the Protectorate, and figuring out what groups are extant in the city, there's something that affects all of that.
What sort of story are you wanting to tell?
Since this is an example, we can go with the zero-value, which is a sandbox, but I think there's room for some good discussion here.
It's the capital of North Carolina, and it's a hub for a lot of tech universities.
I don't mind capitalizing on the tech aspect, but I have biases.
I'm leaning towards something along the lines of emphasizing a lot of tech startups, with a higher-than-average rogue population due to the Elite being on the other side of the country.
It's pretty proximate to Washington DC, Teacher's old stomping grounds, so I could see a copycat of some sort.
I think that sort of push to take over the city could be told in media res.
Yeah. I think it might be worth incorporating into the story proper, though.
So that's a potential faction on the list, and we also have more rogues than the norm.
I'm imagining an emphasis on corporate espionage and information wars.
Vegas-esque, where the villainous cape scene is very cold.
Gives us a reason to include... an auxiliary Watchdog office to the PRT.
Whoops!
We're making a fake campaign to outline the detail of the worldbuilding and NPC making process.
So bearing that in mind, what does the villain scene look like?
There are, I imagine, heist specialists, some group like Oakland's Digital Boys, while one or two gangs handle the more 'traditional' crimes.
Meanwhile, touching back on ColdGold's cape idea
I think that them having villainous intent drives the story better.
Let's say... they're an ex-cop, someone dirty who triggered under the pressure of an upcoming Thinker-headed audit of his department's books
And now, he's using his prior connections and position to outfit the police with Tinkertech, refusing to work with the Protectorate, driving a wedge between the local law enforcement and the PRT
When villainous capes are involved on the other side, I'm sure.
That's why I like Quaff.
Okay, so we've laid out the setting pretty well.
Now, we can focus on our various organizations.
Which one would you like to do first?
Raleigh, NC.
I like that thought, Cogo.
I generally do that after the fact, but if I went your way with Indianapolis, it would have saved me some grief.
Let me hear your thoughts on intergroup dynamics, Cogo. I'm interested.
Hey, Tell.
To touch on the emphasis on technology/arms deaing, there could be a gang trying to fill the gap that Toybox left behind when the S9 killed them.
I think that, to emphasize the themes of a "cold" cape scene and the subterfuge involved, the villains had the town first, and the PRT muscled in with strong and potent capes to get the ground clear and the department established.
Then, the existing villainous infrastructure shifted to something more discreet.
And the PRT's response was to bring in the Watchdog auxiliary branch.
I like both ideas. I think white collar crime has its place in the setting, but CG's description of the shift in methodologies makes the most sense.
To emphasize technology, I could see experimental/synthetic drugs being more disproportionately accessible.
I don't want to do Tinker drugs, but something cape-derived like Coy's Snakebite would be nice. I liked that idea a lot in Sicol.
Or a poor, imprisoned Case 53 :(
Crystalline body with slow regeneration. Fragments are chiseled off and diluted.
Anisa was just a chem major and she made Snakebite.
Something that improves mental faculties, with lingering positive effects, maybe.
I think a recreational effect.
Sounds like the government getting their filthy hands on an undeserved cut of my money.
Limited production rate, probably.
You can only pulverize a kidnapped victim so many times before their fingers grow back.
Also, someone at the top might be paranoid about someone stealing their golden goose, and keep their operation on the quiet.
I don't imagine that it would replace heroin, anyways.
Limited production rate, different effects, and so forth.
Impetus?
It's not the sole driving plot factor, certainly. There's also the Judge Dredd cop and some more stuff coming down the line, I'm sure.
Good gang names are tough.
I just sit around and cross my fingers for a good one to fall in my lap.
13:39 <[ATM]> East Side Motherfuckers
What about the other gang? The one that predates the PRT, maybe.
I can see the gang with the magic drugs being the newcomers, using their resources to stake a claim.
While this one is more established. Not necessarily by-the-books, but they have a lot of infrastructure.
Hmm. Wide swathe of territory, whack-a-mole style, or a small sliver of good territory, well-entrenched?
Or a balance between the two?
I like that, CG.
What if we do it such that they operate in discrete cells?
They have the resources to hold different chunks of territory, but not enough to join the chunks together?
And the Shaker maintains that iron grip on their most important holding, perhaps?
I'm liking these thoughts.
So we still have hackers, heisters, corporate team, random rogues... who else?
I agree.
I'll have to nip out in a few, unfortunately.
It's my turn to drive, yeah.
It's nice to be able to give the cops some time in the spotlight, too.
I wouldn't mind fleshing out the heist/hack/corporate groups.
What are their MOs, their motives, etc?
That's a good idea, Pink.
I did that retroactively and there are a lot of clumps in mine.
Enjoy dinner, Pink.
Yum.
Question of whether the corporates are a franchise or a standalone.
OK, I'll be off for a while now. See you guys later.
Cleveland is kind of long. The earlier half of it is shakily written.
If you're comparing it to San Raul for a newcomer's representative Weaver Dice reading material, San Raul is the better option, is what I'm saying.
I think I have enough of Indianapolis written for it to be my spotlight review campaign rather than Cleveland.
Yeah.
I'll try and aim for Sunday, although I'm not sure what my schedule is like, Lysa.
I'm in Chicago tomorrow, and this weekend is kind of overwhelming for me, but I think that Wednesday will work for me, at the very latest.
Thank you.
And your very last.
When you die in the game, you die in real life.
Maybe not all of it, Saff.
Nobody needs to read the interaction with Pain Train twice.
Eviscerate Bucky and sleep in his corpse.
I got the link, Saff, but I've been out and about all day.
Hey, Lysa, are you available to resume your Indianapolis session?
I keep seeing the asterisks and reading it as "cunted".
No, her wife plays MMOs.
I think it's subjective but agree personally.
I lose it every time Aunt Crystal says "tootin' flootin'".
That might be too Southern an affectation. This is Oregon, after all.
Plot twist: Aunt Crystal is Ravel's biggest fan.
Howdy, Athena.
You're catching me as I'm running Indianapolis roughly 20 miles north of Indianapolis.
I'm on I65. Just heading back home from Chicago.
Cheers.
Yes.
(I am a passenger, mind you.)
Oh, on the subject of cool stuff that Teller makes, thank you for the Google Doc viewer github thing.
My laptop thanks you.
Trespassing, probably.
4/10.
I'm waiting for Hops vs. The Hare, for the rabbit-themed slugfest.
That boy ain't right.
Wow, how uncharitable.
Guess I'll have to finish the job and murder your NEET boyfriendo.
Good luck, Div.
I'm fine with that. I am up for continuing, but I should be free tomorrow and most of Monday too.
Whatever is most convenient for you.
I'm still good for another two hours, I think, but I know it's late for you.
Oh, uh, did you see me ||?
Heyyy, I can see where the PRT base ought to be from here.
No worries, Lys.
The power to turn tomatoes into magma.
OP.
The power to turn all fonts into the typeset 'Papyrus'.
Just call it confettimancy.
Not every shard is about getting down and dirty and clawing the shit out of people.
No worries.
"Do not commit a crime."
> resisting arrest
SMH.
Poor Special Investigator St. Martin is going to get in so much trouble.
Nah. Lake Erie.
All the glass in my campaign is made out of yummy sugar, unlike some peoples'.
Sorry, Lysa|Kumiho. Got back, have to unpack now.
Sorry, all involved, for essentially leaving the session off on a non-sequitur.
It will make sense in retrospect, hopefully.
No, I had fun.
Was just worried that it wouldn't make sense to player/spectators.
This makes sense in my head, but it's playing off of a lot of things that only I know and several things that only certain players know, so I worry that this came up out of nowhere.
I have a lot of NPCs that aren't.
This one, however, is.
The KWYL document is not guaranteed to be correct.
I have to unpack and brush my teeth and etc. I'll be good to continue tomorrow, in all likelihood.
Good night, everyone.
Afternoon, all.
Hush and Hops, AFAIK.
I'm hoping to wrap up Lysa's Indianapolis session this evening on my way home.
I thought Kumiho would be a slippery slope character, but she's gone and flung herself off a cliff.
It's a little tough, GM-wise.
Hey, Lysa.
I'm ready when you are.
Send a ping my way whenever you're game.
You're not Lysa. >:(
There's no rush.
Just let me know when you're good.
Sorry for the slow response time, Lys. I'm home / unpacking / making dinner.
Likeness: "Yeah, I had to read that book in class. Where they squished that old dude under a pile of rocks."
Thanks, tubes.
Triggers where the triggeree's faith is called into question.
Hmm. I have a good one. Gimme a few.
"[15:26:50] <Antioch> Triggers where the triggeree's faith is called into question." Hm. What kinds of cults do you think are most common in Bet? Aliens/UFO, Asian woo, Amerindian woo, Christian apocalyptic, neo-pagan/Gaian, something else?
Evening, folks.
Welcome to the server, Becca.
Tired. Labwork is going well. Data collection is going much smoother than expected. Saturation testing is tomorrow.
Hello, Dol.
It's good to see you.
Good morning, everyone.
Aimee was probably considerate and reflecting on how she reacted poorly to Miss Oilslick's sudden recruitment, Dolyn.
Have you done a guest GM session before, Cogo?
Ah, right.
I can see you being called in to handle fight scenes, particularly large-scale multi-combatant ones, or ones with complex terrain / movement.
You have a knack for being able to run fights that would normally require a battle map by spatial description alone.
If Spelt is available.
I'm free after 5, I think. Can probably bump it up earlier and multitask.
I'd say that your specialty is helping PCs flesh out their characters by giving the civilian half of their lives the needed nuance and complexity to complement their cape half.
Every named NPC that Saff has interacted with in Indianapolis has come away from the exchange with a lot more detail and complexity, mostly with regards to personality.
Pain Train, Lionheart, and Badtouch/Malmanos are the three strongest examples, I feel.
Yeah, but it helped me figure out what flavor of shitter she was.
Doritos Cool Ranch, actually.
I'll join the Offshoots Citizen's Watch.
(said in the voice of Evie)
The deaths of others, maybe.
Nobody's rushing towards mine.
Actually, they're rushing towards their own deaths.
The best way to get out of a manhunt is to murder the people who are looking for you. Easy.
Indeed, I heard.
I'll try to wrap up my labwork quickly.
What job is that?
Saff and soulpelt| - I'll be free after getting dinner.
Lysa, would you want to play as well?
Let me know when you're done with dinner, pelt.
I'm also starting up something in #WDIndianapolis.
About five stories, by my reckoning.
Doing a stylish backflip isn't out of the question, granted. Surviving it might be.
Yeah. She gets cockblocked from a good fight for yet another session.
She has one last chance to redeem herself in Arc 21, I think.
I was going to emote blowing smoke off of a pistol, but it was close enough that my 'first' could have been client bias.
Gahaha. Capitalizing that O was your downfall.
Thank you for the session, soulpelt|Wink. I'll try to schedule you one with Megafire sometime soon.
What about Shades, Pink?
No, he just makes poor financial decisions like throwing his money everywhere for no reason other than he's rich.
Scan, Thal, or scam?
Oh, you're talking about Wink, not Lionheart.
Because that boy is fucking loaded.
I haven't really given it much consideration, Saff.
Does the randomization process outlined in the rulebook derive the result from the character's height, Thal?
Goodnight, Mega.
Yes, it's ongoing in #WDSicolBend.
Don't get excited and lose your head, Lysa.
Why are you so mad all the time, Nick. You're tearing this family apart.
I'd like to run the two of you on Saturday, if that's amenable.
Sunday is also feasible, I believe.
Many people want to see a soaking wet Guidance, actually.
'Shauna: Hypocrite.'
Twins? That was all me.
He's a plant!
Cocaine on rye.
They do party catering.
But it can be all for him, I won't tell.
Oh, fuck. I've been outdone.
I've eaten a 100-count Chik-fil-a platter by myself, I won't judge.
I flew too close to the sun.
You can probably sneak past her.
I am imagining that Sadie is like "Rich people and their gosh darn kinks," like Leah was earlier today.
Good night, everyone.
[Jan 10 18:44:15] <Antioch> Except for Vern, who has a weird sleeping schedule and lives in a ratty goblin nest built into the crumbling remains of the Berlin Wall. || [Jan 10 18:44:21] <Mari|GM> yeah vern is weird (at line 483)
Yop!
How are you this morning, Dol?
Jolly good, Dol. 2 attacks, iri.
Sure did. 
Remember how Snapper mispronounced guaifenesin as "Guy Finessing"?
I want that to be a cape name.
Guidance has statistically more leg per leg than the average citizen.
Hey Saff.
Holmgang, Anansi, Dennis, Walter, and Cassie are the only named NPCs taller than her.
And PCs.
How tall is she with and without the heels?
I like that this session shows a noticeable divide between capes-as-celebrities and capes-as-professionals. The existence of that line is one of the themes I'm trying to focus on.
I don't feel we touch on the former as muh.
*much.
Thanks.
I'm pretty excited for San Raul.
i'm interested in how Synapse and Evie's stories will intersect.
outside of probably angler, artisan is the guy who has the best chance of uncovering her offshoot alter ego's secret identity.
her combat suite is pretty impressive. It still need some upgrades though.
no, just buckler
tall tower was a natural trigger and the two kids were buds.
it was just a one shot though.
oh?
right, I remember that one
I don't think I've done any PVP yet
Oh, Einstechen vs Herrschaft
That was a good one
Oh, I hadn't really considered that, Thal
You'll cowards won't even fight a bug
Would be funny if Lily decided to kick her ass on a whim.
Yeah, several.
Caitiff, The Harmacist, Agent Orange, Nephilim come to mind
Pretty well, generally speaking.
"You're not 2D enough for me."
"Are you calling me /fat/?!"
Rain of Despair is a magical girl, IMO.
Rainbow Idol is just a tragic girl.
No worries.
Guidance's debut.
I can't say that it feels D&D like, at least from my experience.
But I'm a very narrativist GM, so it goes.
I think Nonagon would be able to present a better comparison/contrast of the two systems with respect to mechanics.
Huh. I don't really get that vibe, personally.
I'm pretty improvisational with how I handle mechanics.
as a quick aside, I have a question for you guys about which powers we've made are most mechanically satisfying.
since added score, the mechanics are there is a vehicle to express Powers in as great of a variety is possible, while making them distinct in terms of unique gameplay experience.
I think that there's a balance to be struck, especially in Weaver dice, between great storytelling and great fights. I tend to lean more towards the former end of the scale, but I know people who emphasize the latter.
* since at its core
I guess the way I put it is that I personally enjoy telling stories, and I feel like fights are good ways to improve the stories and advance them, but in the end the story is the main focus
I like exalted three, although I feel like it's learning curve is a little steeper.
_
yeah, that's exactly what I was thinking of.
before I realized that there was already an extant Weaver Dice system, I had a homebrew that was based off of exalted 2 mechanics.
There were a fuckload of D10s, yeah.
I wonder if I still have that old character sheet template somewhere.
OP.
Anthem has a power that lets her roll a D10.
I liked the principle of the synchronicity stat.
The critical shock was absolutely absurd.
The fact that Anansi tanked it, even more so.
There it is.
I was aiming for a 3 x 3 sort of thing
physical, mental, social crossed with power, precision, and perseverance.
I didn't run the system long enough to figure out where and when it was busted, because powers distort that assessment a good bit
Try it, bitch
I'll fukken maul u
I'm pretty happy with the system complexity but I've been using it enough to be pretty familiar with it so I'm not the best judge.
I was about to greet everyone in the channel, but my fingers defaulted to "evening, all."
I've been waking up too late lately, it seems.
Turncoat - the shard probably doesn't care. The people who care about the unwritten rules might.
There's no "softball" mode for a cattle executioner.
I'm doing well, ColdGold.
Yes. I will be finishing Guidance's session, and hopefully Team Interstice's as well.
To be fair, ColdGold, it's a very deadly five inches.
Hey Saff. Not yet.
Hi, Foxti!
I think there are applications open for a position in San Raul.
Crying isn't too difficult. It comes pretty naturally to me.
Here's the Mega City queue document.
Here's the San Raul document.
Sorry for the delay on the Motor City spotlight review, by the way, Pink / Vern.
It's been in the works, but it's also been a busy week.
Also, when is a good time to resume your Indianapolis session?
Here you go, folks.
I don't make well-formatted documents, Claw. I just steal them from Teller.
This is "post-timeskip" PHO.
:^)
Gotcha.
I certainly won't.
I'm busy-ish, but available to talk.
Make sure the frog girl lives, Tell.
To show respect for a fellow hopper.
Why the surprise, Dol?
I'll be honest, I didn't realize I was making a joke, but I'm pleased about it nonetheless.
That was a good Threaten roll.
Hops is a good shard host.
I'm a little sad I wasn't able to skewer Monty when he jumped up into the air.
ColdGold might have had some choice last words for me.
It was very necessary.
Good for my own morale.
Are the logs for that session up, by the way? I need to refresh my memory on some of it.
Thanks. 
Let's try for Tuesday evening, Lys?
Shoot me a link, Cogo?
Weird.
G-ree-tings, tubes.
How's your schedule today, Nick)
*?
Super. Let's see if I can run you and Thal. And maybe Lysa or Pink.
Morning, Non. Got your PM. Will respond in detail when I'm back in town.
Do you have a little black cat?
Afternoon, Saff.
Wait, shit.
Saffternoon.
What did I do?
I did?
Where did I put them?
I do not recall this.
I want to see the rest of that fight.
Awesome.
I wasn't aware that milk first was a thing that was done.
I should be free-ish.
Cool! I have some mutation ideas I'd like to run by you for the manhunt.
Why must you hurt me with your words, tubes?
I'm quite pleased with the session pacing in Indianapolis, by the way. I believe Teller is next once I finalize Pink and Lysa's sessions.
I'm delaying Mishie to the next cycle, since he's on vacation.
Faust is also next cycle, but he's also the headliner for it.
Shouldn't it be a bughunt?
Prejudice!
A cult.
Yes. I expected things to progress quicker, but I'm satisfied with how it is. One more cycle before school starts, roughly.
Mega, I will only schedule the interrogation session after you complete the interlude.
Hey, Tell.
It's von Neumann, isn't it?
Pink, Nick, Thalia, are you all ready?
Sounds good, Nick.
Welcome back, Mishie.
Hope you enjoyed your trip.
Crime rates in Indianapolis.
Fantastic. Join me in #WDIndianapolis2, Nick and Thalia.
If you don't like your foster family, Pink, do you want two moms?
Well he's gotten "taking hostages" and "using child soldiers" done already.
Maybe we'll see some pillaging.
Chemtrails were what mutated the Offshoots.
Thank you, tubes.
Would it help if I retracted my thanks?
What's the royal title for the son of an emperor?
I suppose so.
I think certain parties will be unhappy if you try to claim Indianapolis as your own sovereign country.
I think Teller would be happy. It would give him someone to beat up while the aforementioned unhappy parties cheer from the sidelines.
Thank you, Nick. I'll correct it.
Poor Julia indeed. Nobody should have to suffer through watching Lori eat.
An interesting proposition. I'll listen.
I'd watch Earth Bet's "The Sandlot".
The bet Goonies would have been filmed in Sicol Bend, tubes.
The map that Teller uses for Sicol is of Astoria, OR, which is the Goonies filming location.
She was a kid who got locked up and triggered, then became a hero.
Now she's a hero under a different name.
gn tobb
Where is that, Non?
The quote, not ancient Greece.
Ah, thanks.
Apologies, Pink|Julia, Thalia, Nick. I'm on the verge of conking out. I can probably keep it up for about an hour or so, but I'm expecting the need to continue both sessions another day.
That's true. I'll pause Indy 2, and get Indy 1 to a good stopping point.
Hooray!
Thank you for the session, Pink. I enjoyed it.
I'm quite excited to see what happens next.
However, I must go to bed. Goodnight, everybody.
Is your cape name Machiavelli, Mega?
Gotcha.
I did, yeah.
Writing up the response for it atm.
Today is Cocoon vs. Andre the Dragon continued, right?
"[14:33:23] <Antioch> Today is Cocoon vs. Andre the Dragon continued, right?" First I've heard of it.
I may have misremembered.
Lysa|Kumiho, Saff, I'll be available once I'm finished with dinner.
Sorry, Lysa|Kumiho and Saff. I have been struggling to find a spoon with which to eat dinner.
I think I'll settle for a knife at this point.
A literal spoon.
Yeah, it's supposed to be Tuesday.
I'm not particularly sure if he's good. Nor if he's a dog.
21:42 <Faust|Ignatius> March comes in like a lion
Well played, sir.
Sorry that took so long, Lys. I tried and failed to find black bean burgers.
I'll be back soon and ready to post after I unpack.
What's "updog"?
We all float down here.
Thank you for the session, Lysa.
Good luck in the days to come.
I mean, there's still the interrogation session.
Cashy didn't have any mercy to spare for Kumiho, sadly.
Evening, folks.
Yeah, true. I get off work at 9 so my schedule's a little fucky.
I need to schedule sessions for Thalia and Lysa, with a half session for Dol, then Nick, then Tell, then an optional session for tubes, and some OOG actions for CG and potentially Pink.
Whee.
I'll let you know if I end up inhaling any pesticides, Dol.
You'll be after Faust's session, Mishie.
I need to vet some triggers again, I think.
How many are on the main sheet at the moment?
OK, cool. We're not in danger of running dry.
Thanks, No. 
*Non.
Are you sure you wouldn't prefer the electric chair?
The squaddies are a bit of a menace.
A claw hit is enough, but Axis's wings are Tinkertech.
Gryphon's wings would be stealable, yes.
Why do you like Gryphon, Dololyn?
I think she's just a bitch, tbh.
Is she wrong?
Pain Train has a good trigger.
NPC triggers, Lys?
She has enough problems in her life.
@ tubes: June 4th 2013 is the deadline Jack Slash set. It goes a few days over but not by more than a month.
So less than a year, but only by one or two months.
BFT is probably the best option out of the three, Thalia.
For you in particular, that is.
I mean, it's pretty unlikely that Director March will give you the electric chair.
To Hell?
"[18:24:06] <Antioch> I mean, it's pretty unlikely that Director March will give you the electric chair." And that's a tragedy.
I demand some crime.
ThalAI,  would you care for a session after you're done with work today?
Dolyn, I am also available to run you once I get back home and finish my chores.
hooray!
It's true. They fight on Saturdays, so the kids are out of school.
There's a new animal themed robot every week. Well, some of them are recurring.
Are you ready, Dolyn?
#WDIndianapolis, please.
Splendid. Let's hop in #WDIndianapolis2, shall we?
Nah, just a request for a meet-up.
Somewhere without many eyewitnesses. Don't mind the burlap sack.
It's mechanically powerful. I don't know if it's "great", per se, in terms of narrative strength.
It's in the "PRT Documentation" folder, but it's just a very sparse outline. I'll be filling it in over the week.
Just a hypothetical, Lysa, but what if the hell dimension is just a slideshow of various images of your wife cheating on you?
"Eun, you /are/ the hell dimension!"
I'm imagining her rattling on the bars, screaming, "you gotta let me out, my wife is cheating on me, I know it" and so forth.
Poor Nora.
Thank you for playing, Dolyn. I enjoyed the session, as well as the opportunity to flesh out some of Leah's family members a little more.
I... definitely misread that as "urinate on" the first go-through.
I am sorry.
I would like to schedule a session sometime next week with both Nick and Teller, if possible. Let me know about your availabilities.
Thank you, Thal.
I'm looking forward to seeing you use that power in a fight.
To clarify on the above, I mean two separate sessions.
Fantastic. Let's aim for Tuesday afternoon, if that's alright with you, Nick.
Alright. I just remembered that I ought to handle Lysa's interrogation prior to your session, Teller, so later in the work works well for me.
Most characters are on Tuesday, so that's a definite yes from me, Dol.
Nobody likes a hump day.
I'd like to keep most people in suspense, but several are already aware.
Today is Thursday for me.
It will be roughly two days from now, by my estimate, iri.
Afternoon, all.
Anything slated for today, session-wise?
March isn't the one doing the interrogating, granted. I'll probably be in contact with Teller about his goals for the interrogation prior to the session, but running it concurrently doesn't make quite as much sense if he's delegating to a subordinate.
Else it would just be March leaning over the NPCs shoulder and doing the interrogation himself in a sort of opaque way.
Got it. Let's try for Tuesday evening.
Drug-enhanced.
People die... when they are killed.
Will Babylon be a thing?
Cool.
It's relatively comprehensive.
Some newer campaigns don't have their data input yet.
Trump powers run a broad gamut.
Oz had a pretty intimidating costume. It's an easy mistake to make.
Now, had she killed Wan, she would have definitely been a hero.
Has Wan contributed anything to the Sicol Bend PRT, out of curiosity?
I guess his power theoretically works on Deep Six.
But the man is a goon and a half.
I just don't like his dang attitude.
His bat is too good for him.
I could talk after being mauled by a second triggered Coy. Maybe he's just a weakling and a stooge.
That blood filter did serious work amongst multiple characters.
Up until Superstition used it as a scratching post.
Declawing cats is pretty inhumane. It's like cutting off a person's finger up to the first knuckle.
Good morning.
Sounds like panth's cape that he never played in Vancouver.
The gravity dude, I mean.
!search ain't right
Remind me to update the Indianapolis KWYL when I get back.
Whoops, should be /bs say.
Guess I should get some rest.
Treat that as an official mod warning, regardless, and pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
I'm off for the night. Behave.
Evening, folks.
Antioch is an ancient Turkish city.
How are you guys doing today? I caught up with the San Raul session conclusion and enjoyed it immensely.
suh
so how does WD work exactly?
Trying to find a campaign at the moment
Ok I see... I'll throw some apps out there and see what sticks, might be hard for timezone reasons but thank you very much all the same!
UK so GMT+0
Thank you, it's been a very warm introduction :)
Just looked over some of the queues, boy I'm gonna be waiting here for a while
The problem with that idea is assuming I'm smart enough to be literate
Thanks mate. Trust me I'm not going anywhere
Well I could do with a good sandwich right about now
Well I'm heading off but I'd like to thank you guys for helping me out, hopefully I'll get a chance to speak or play with some of you soon.
Evening, all.
Certainly.
I'm planning to run Lysa and Nick tomorrow, but the rest of the week is free, barring the yet-unscheduled March session, for which I am leaning towards Thursday and/or Saturday.
The Indianapolis Director.
Alright. Sunday should be a definite yes for me, while Saturday is a maybe.
Good afternoon, everyone.
I am, yes, Saff.
And Nick.
Hey, all.
Lysa, Nick, I'm ready when you are.
No rush.
Sup
The resulting explosion would be minute and mundane
Have you ever seen him and I in the same room at the same time? I think not...
JESUS CHRIST DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'VE DONE
Start praying boys cause I ain't goin' to heaven
You shake you hands violently?
Well Adios, off to destroy all other Matts
Nick, Lysa, PM me when you're available. I'll be working on dinner in the meanwhile.
( ͠° ͟ʖ ͠°)
It hasn't.
This is Friday 8/10.
March comes to town 8/12.
Guidance Q&A is 8/14.
Yeah.
I am, admittedly, a little sad that she didn't answer Bath Boy's question.
You'll never know, now.
Instead you made a child cry.
Thanks for playing, Nick. I'm looking forward to what happens next.
Do you remember when you did the test, Tell?
I'm wondering if it affected the Anansi vs. Anthem fight to a degree, as Anansi ate a critical shock that chained for 4/5 times, IIRC.
Evening Wick
Let me finish my review, regardless.
It's been a busy week.
Hi, Dol.
Hi, Tell. Sorry I didn't respond to your PM yesterday night. I dozed off.
I'll respond once I'm finished getting groceries.
Who's up?
Cool.
Tomorrow.
I'll work more on it tomorrow.
Sorry for the lateness of the hour, Teller. I'll be ready to begin after dinner.
Was the woman and four guys truly familial enough for this channel in the first place, Thalia?
*Were
Just because it gets worse doesn't mean you haven't crossed the line already.
They're spring loaded.
And steel-plated.
Then he just becomes Martial "No-Hands" Law.
I've given a decent amount of thought towards PRT merchandising for my campaigns.
I like "Joyeuse with randomly generated minions" blister packs as a concept.
Very marketable.
Awww.
It's holographic.
Parmesan.
Thanks, Faust. I always wondered what the E stood for.
I don't think the Cleveland PRT lends itself to merchandising especially well, as a whole.
There are a few standouts, like Valiant and Lumina, but otherwise, not so much.
The Hare seems more marketable as a plush.
Indianapolis does OK, marketing-wise. Axis does most of the heavy lifting.
No.
21:17 <Thaliaway> Name yourself King. Wait and see what happens.  How about "The Good King"?
Being recruited by the PRT may be a net increase in bleeding odds.
Hire Kumiho to the PRT, have AQ murder her, throw AQ in the Birdcage. That's a pretty masterful stroke.
Those cacti look like organic Cheetos. 
Pretty open.
"Nuts."
Bearing that criteria in mind, Ace and VH are available, out of the Wards.
I had a strange mental image of March putting his hand on Bath Boy's shoulder and saying "Today, you are Bath Man."
Thanks for playing. I hope you had fun. I'm looking forward to what happens next.
Possible, but improbable.
Just tubes.
I think.
I'd better get some sleep. Good night, everybody.
It sounds good, tubes.
Hey. I'm doing well.
Not in the session logs, no.
But yes, a fate has been decided for you. That'll be your next session.
The Trinity are some of my most fleshed out NPCs. I had Bath Boy in my notes as an attendee before the campaign started.
I don't think she has much of a reason to.
I'm looking forward to seeing it.
Good afternoon, all.
Not too bad. I'm somewhat sleepy.
I took a brief nap.
Bingo bongo, everybody.
Tomorrow, if it works for you.
I'm currently out of town to do some cake tastings and miscellaneous errands. I should finish before six hours are up, but what is your schedule tomorrow?
Also, Megafire and soulpelt| - let's schedule that interrogation session when it's convenient.
My schedule is relatively open for the next few days, or, rather, my research times are flexible.
I would have appreciated "Five-Finger Discount".
"Light Work" isn't very punny, but I like it.
I'm curious if you're better suited to the cape name Badtouch than Badtouch herself.
Tell me more about your character's personality / background?
Gotcha.
I don't know how well the two would mesh.
Okay. I should be free all day tomorrow as well.
Tell her you're busy roleplaying on the internet.
Don't worry about it, my evening today is busy-ish as well.
I can run, but my attention will be split.
A wise decision.
Evie and Lily have toddler/baby-age children.
The Fallen I imagine have a commune-esque Sunday School sort of approach, whereas if you work for the Elite, you're rich enough to hire a live-in nanny.
I can't imagine that the majority of capes have children after they trigger, but that assumption may be colored by personal bias.
As a large-scale employer, the PRT probably has child-care services for its nonpowered members, which seems easy enough to extend to the cape employees after some additional security measures.
Capes that have had children prior to triggering, Thal.
Second gens also aren't necessarily direct children. Taylor/Aiden is a good example.
I can think of some capes that had kids after they triggered, but not a whole lot.
Are there Protectorate capes with kids, off the top of my head?
I was mostly thinking WD PCs.
*NPCs
I don't have any Protectorate NPCs with kids, IIRC. Feels like an oversight on my part.
I think so, Firlz. Nobody off the top of my head anyways.
I'll try to be better about it this time around.
Oh, Sagittarius has a kid.
He's barely an NPC, though.
Herrschaft has a kid.
"[20:35:30] <Antioch> I can't imagine that the majority of capes have children after they trigger, but that assumption may be colored by personal bias." I mean, why not?
Doing cape stuff doesn't necessarily conflate itself with having children, I feel.
I want to say no, but have no citations off the top of my head.
Yeah, that was my gut feeling, Non.
True, Claw.
Give me an hour and a half, tubes.
Tubes, Lysa, I will be ready shortly. Terribly sorry for the wait.
tubes|Guass, join me in #WDIndianapolis.
Might want to fix your name, too.
I'll get to you shortly after, Lysa.
Okay, Lysa, let's begin in #WDIndianapolis.
Err... #WDIndianapolis2.
Sorry.
!addquote <iridium248> You know what they say: When life gives you lemons, flee the police and hide in raw garbage.
You can pause anytime you need to, Lysa.
Don't worry, it's my fault for starting late.
I'll be able to resume most days this upcoming week.
You must be this attractive for legal counsel.
I'm gonna pretend that tubes ^ed me.
Shhh. Don't go off exposing my lack of legal knowledge to everyone else.
I'll probably go back in the logs and fix things.
Anansi got hood rich in his first session.
Where do you go from there?
Hmm. Now I want a villain who calls herself "Miss Piss".
Let me know if the Ravel fan who ruined Hamasaki's car ever triggers.
Saff doesn't drink enough water.
Hey, Lysa, I hope you don't mind, but I'd like to take this session and edit it / do some post-processing to make sure that all of the legal hootenanny is properly observed and that your rights aren't being horrifically violated. 
All that said, I need to actually figure out a reasonable monetary fine and sentencing time, so I might have to pause your session here, sorry.
Nobody's throwing you at the Big Fish for your crimes, at least.
Sorry for the inconvenience. Rest well.
I can think of some compelling arguments for you to go IC, but Brandon's certainly not going to be the guy to present them.
By dint of making tubes go "aghhhhhh", Bow? :P
Ready, tubes.
I wouldn't mind some assistance on handling the legal procedure for Kumiho's sentencing at some point this week at your convenience, tubes. It would be much appreciated.
Sorry to delay your session, Lys. I just want to make sure that I handle it properly.
Hooray.
I kid. I'm running it as an actual session.
It wouldn't be as fun for me otherwise.
Of course there would be.
It wouldn't be an Endbringer fight otherwise.
Saff is, in fact, Satan.
WOG.
Isn't that a Real, Actual Horn Lord Quote?
Has Horn Lord become popular enough in 2011 that he's quoted across the country?
Huh. I never really got that vibe from him.
I don't believe that it's explicitly stated, Saff.
I'm genuinely uncertain how to respond to that.
In terms of content, scheduling, or...?
It is its own mini-round. A divider between 1 and 2, sort of. Content-wise, I don't quite know what to say other than "Leviathan will be there".
We shall see.
I did not expect the hobo name generator to be so popular.
I could see roll three lesser goblins and pick one to be your familiar, also.
Morning, all.
Since Oct 2015.
None of the bots log the main channel as of yet, eartsar. It's a functionality that's in the works, AFAIK.
GMs manually log session archives, and I'm able to answer most of your questions.
Should be fine, Jygg. Less about actually figuring out how to do it and more about finding the time to do it.
Hello, Dolyn and Saff.
Hey Mega, et al.
Hey, Foxti.
sup people
What happens behind closed doors stays behind closed doors
how are you?
noice stuff
Hey, personal stuff is always first priority in my book. Take care of your self
I feel you bro
Sometimes I just go jogging to get myself out of a funk
See ya
Is there a gen ongoing?
I just got off of work, and I'm able to chime in if needed.
Which campaign, GM, and player?
That's the nuclear meltdown multitrigger?
Is the main triggeree the rad poisoned one or the guilt-ridden one? I always forget.
OK, thanks.
What's the current suggestion(s)?
Don't want to shout over what's already been suggested.
Mind giving me quick synopses on the different ones, Cam?
Thanks.
I like the shell of your power, Cam, but I like the flavor and aesthetic of Fulvus's.
I'm on the same page as you are, Cogo.
Slime paint = Thinker bonus.
I'm definitely not trying for balance. I'm just trying to minimize mechanical complexity.
Radiovoyance, woo.
And a "see opposing roll before acting" Thinker power is nice too.
I also dunno that giving someone the option to outright dissolve someone with radioactive glop is trying for balance. :P
I'm not allowing people to pick and choose elements. I think you may be misinterpreting my notes.
It seems unpalatable, yeah.
That might be a power perk.
Glop Fiend is pretty mighty, though I'm trying to see if I can give it some extra zing in terms of flavor.
Let me chew it over as I get myself some dinner.
As it is right now, I don't have an idea as to how frequently they can generate additional slime, so that's a point of consideration.
Be back in a few.
Pierce and slash have good armor reduction options in terms of powers / weapons, so the power has a non-fatal Achilles' heel of sorts.
Just some matchups where it doesn't crush uncontested.
Hmm. I wonder which cape (NPC, PC, canon) has the best cape name / attitude for going "It's ya boy, [capename]!"
Noisemaster isn't a real cape, as far as I know, but that name seems to fit in there nicely.
It has the right syllabic structure.
Are we good for luck, by the way, or does the power need some polishing?
Chevalier-O-Vision!
It's all I use them for.
Chevalier-o-vision would be a bit of a pain to GM, but I like the flavor of it.
I'm sure Nick can get a hold of Soren if need be.
Aw.
In the spirit of "Which Hobo," I present to you "Which Rat".
Sounds reminiscent of AQ shooting Jetstream point-blank in the chest.
Ello
God, how did I miss FMA rambling?
Evening sir
Same to you Well
Well I'm off for the night, it's been fun
Ravel should just ignore the guy who's talking to her and go over to the other one, tap 'em on the shoulder. "Buddy. Hey. You do /not/ want to fuck Melange. Do I need to draw a diagram for you?"
I'm not kinkshaming. Just saying it's not necessarily wise to get your mack on with the living personification of "rocks fall, everyone dies".
"23:03 <Nonagon|PC> doesn't Shades have a perdition vial" Yes.
Vestige + something else.
Good luck with the session, Lex|Ravel. I'm off to bed.
You don't drink enough water to pee on a car.
Maybe a Hot Wheels.
Sup people
Doing just fine, playing some pubg
I'd lean towards a Breaker-ish sort of Brute. Not like Epidermis, but approached from a different direction.
Inverted, in a lot of ways. The damage is prolonged and internal.
I think that's actually a good trigger in and of itself. I might write up a rip-off later this weekend.
We need more kid triggers anyhow, I think.
People play as sovereign citizen capes.
I thought Amy had a Queen shard, maybe I'm wrong
I've only played a handful of sessions of DnD before, do you guys think it's advisable to GM when your fairly new?
Hmm, I just have a RP itch I need to scratch. I'll think about it over the week maybe a WD oneshot?
Nah, only played DnD
How many people would like to play with a noob?
Figured as much, I'll give it a thought over the week a try something
Oh, wow.
Dibs.
I also think Dandy Lion is a good name for a cape, but the occasion to use it is far rarer.
I cry every time.
Do people have to tell the lion it looks great while it mauls them?
Welcome back, Ellardy. It feels like it's been a while.
You might like the updated $cape and $madlibs functionalities.
#WD_GMlounge also works.
He probably died in his own lab before any of his enemies were able to exact revenge on him.
So it goes.
I can try to skype him, if you want, but he's historically an elusive bastard.
Explain yourself.
Good afternoon, all.
It's a busy but productive day in the lab today. I feel good.
Why are you taking B-Trichothecene?
Good afternoon, everyone.
I'm still in the lab. It's going well.
I'm looking forward to running the Leviathan session(s) after tubes has recovered from ACDCON.
I need to sit down and chat with tubes about some ways to handle the legal proceedings such that it actually makes sense / doesn't violate human rights.
It was, as I realized, not something I could improvise.
I think she needs a lawyer, at the very least, and some other basic rights.
Hi, Mega.
Man, I wish I had that sort of free time.
Man, I wish I had that sort of (sanity reinforcement time/personal entertainment).
Busy, but I'm looking forward to seeing if my heel strike sensor cured properly.
Hey, Mega.
When's a good time for you?
<Antioch> When's a good time for you?
Alright. Let's try for Tuesday and Wednesday evening, ideally.
Maybe Monday and Tuesday, then.
Having PRT PCs is tough.
There's a lot more wiggle room, story-wise, outside of those constraints.
It's doable, but I have to sit down and chew things over to make sure the session isn't too linear and that the player has the opportunity to act on their own personal motivations.
I make a note of the stats and skills the first time they become relevant, but try to minimize prep work.
I give NPCs some very brief personality descriptors and extrapolate from there in-session.
Hey tobb.
Tuesday is good for me.
I'm looking forward to my next San Raul session.
That's a good question.
Monday and Tuesday I'm GMing, but how about Wednesday?
Oh - Tell, would there be a good time for you to address tubes and the other shmucks before they march off to their deaths?
I'm hitting the gym before bed, so waiting's fine with me as well.
22:38 <Fulvus> Really jealous of a rat-themed cape. I want be a deformed C53 rat freak that lives in the sewers and calls myself Rat Bastard.
That was one of the potential names for Verminator, but it felt more correct to have her as a girl, based on the trigger.
Verminator also felt more right, based on her personality.
The Magnificent Bastards are equal opportunity employers when it comes to gender, as are the Crystal Kings.
Chrono's cape in Oakland did that sort of thing, but via a Blaster power, and I think it would go off automatically after being left alone for a bit?
It's been a while, so I don't quite recall.
I could see Thalia playing Slow-Mobius.
Uh, that one weird clock dude with the time beam in that one Rick and Morty episode.
He zaps the dancing people with it at one point, for tricks.
'tis.
Hey, tubes.
Yeah. 
Don't forget the interrogation, pelt.
'tis.
Hmm. I thought of a good name for a corporate cape team.
'Exceed'.
After I eat me some din-din, Saff.
What good timing.
Howdy, Tell.
Will you be up for a brief snippet of Indianapolis shortly (after I finish my dinner)?
Thank you.
Don't set your sights too high. Maybe a firm pat on the back.
There has to be some sort of hero that has a power that makes them especially predisposed to giving hugs.
Like The Hare, but actually soft.
Ca.
👻!
Upper Northeast Coast is sort of sparse due to potential for canon interference, I think.
And being in pewpew range of Legend.
He did not. And he is not.
Wait, why is he the main character?
I was about to cut in and say that Evie isn't necessarily evil, just amoral, but I realized I was addressing the question from her perspective.
Artisan was a job. Undertow was personal.
I think he's referring to San Raul specifically.
No problem. I hope you liked it.
And I hope that I set the tone well enough.
@ Marigold /msg nickserv resetpass [nickname] [email address associated with nickname]
I think it's close enough to the point of divergence that it would have.
I'd suggest against taking a PRT director PC at the start, Opt. It ends up being a bit more work, all in all.
What's the trigger number? I can give it a try.
Thanks.
"Asshole to dogs gets his comeuppance" trigger?
Okay. I'll have something for you shortly.
For the primary mechanism of the power, I'm leaning towards a Striker power that emphasizes cruelty, twisting the knife, cementing the aggressor's position as 'top dog'.
As a secondary, to synergize with the Striker power, a Mover ability that facilitates applying the Striker effect on arrival. It's "throw yourself into danger and attack," not "hit-and-run".
Difficulty in execution, heavy damage... I'm not sure if emphasizing "good against groups" as a facet of the power is the right way to go.
A lingering, disabling effect, I think, as far as the Striker ability.
'Hamstring' as a keyword comes to mind.
The Mover ability increases in terms of strength / versatility when he's targeting someone that's already struck.
The more 'cuts' that exist on them, the faster / more accurate / whatever his targeting and movement is.
Yep, that's what I'm trying to touch on here.
Good session, tubes.
Now if Bath Boy dies it's your fault.
He'll be too distracted by your mad ramblings to avoid the fatal blow.
I like the tack that Mishie's taking here.
I haven't seen Top Gun either, but Bath Boy has.
His dad was in the Air Force and made him watch it on multiple occasions.
Well, that then. >.>
I guess I should watch Top Gun.
In case it ever becomes relevant.
Very wise of you, Dol.
I know that Bath Boy's dad was in the military, but that's as far as my knowledge goes.
So you've now helped me flesh him out further.
Thanks! Let's hope your efforts don't go to waste when he dies.
I think Schuyler is more dickish than Evie. Not sure if more evil, but more dickish for sure.
I've got to vote and go to the dentist today, so it may be a bit, tubes.
It's a special primary for the seat vacated by Attorney General Sessions, yeah. Clever Dolyn.
I couldn't say, honestly.
Out of WD PCs, Gungnir comes to mind as a good name, in terms of overall quality / meshing with the character.
As far as cleverness goes, hmm.
Hey. Going to dentist, then voting, then will be free.
The best and worst names, respectively.
Sure.
I have more NPC cape names that I like than PC ones.
But there are more NPCs, so it goes.
Yeah.
Are there any good double entendre names?
Pinball Wizard is good. Props to Firlz on that one.
He makes forcefields that ricochet and amplify his Blaster ability.
OK, I'm ready.
Let me handle soulpelt| and Megafire first in #WDCleveland, since I know it's getting pretty late on Mega's side of things.
Sure. My schedule is flexible enough.
That's alright. Which day out of the week do you get your schedule, pelt?
Just let me know once you figure out your next non-Saturday day off, and I'm sure we can work something out.
Let me know when you're ready as well, tubes.
No rush. I'll make dinner.
Sure. Give me three minutes.
It's early-to-mid afternoon. 2:15 PM, I'd estimate.
Yep.
If I need to say anything, I'll chime in with ...
Okay. We'll figure out when to schedule the continuation once Spelt gets his schedule for the upcoming week, such that we don't conflict with his existing Saturday engagements.
No worries.
that's all right, it's my fault for not starting earlier.
as do I.
It's a baaaa-aaaad idea.
🐑
Incrementing classifications for channel-generated powers.
We keep track of what the classifications of the powers we make in here are.
Just to see what gets made more / less / etc.
I don't know if it's doable or not.
I just wanted to make a sheep noise.
Yeah.
Just do a poot.
I'm actually good to pause here - I'm getting sleepy myself. I can run tomorrow and Thursday, also.
Let's pause here, I think. I have to go driving for a while and it'll be pretty late once I'm done.
I hope I'm hitting the right notes for the session.
i'm never really sure if I capture  the atmosphere properly.
I don't expect to hit that hopeless vibe for this one yet, but that's what's going to happen when we continue
and then I'll actually go through the trouble of rattling off arm band death names.
I am a pretty big fan of his brand of relentless, manic optimism.
(I know which of the NPCs will die, I rolled for it a little bit ago.)
not necessarily.
there is wiggle room for some, but there are some that are just outright doomed.
I felt bad when I rolled it, and there really aren't any in PC is that I'd like to see data, but this sort of thing does happen, and I'll stick with it.
* NPCs
* see dead
Why what?
Why do Endbringer attacks happen?
Life isn't fair.
I rolled a d10 for everyone with modifiers based on where they are in the fight and what their powers are.
No.
Not a reroll. Just a nudge in one way or the other.
Essentially, Fir.
The Don was doomed.
I don't know if I have the chops to run the Smurf.
The Shaker stuff for Tohubohu would be fun. The Trump stuff less so.
Hall of Vats Architect. Mass produces creature/cape-derived grafted parts to be applied to self (more bonuses) or underlings, and can create shitty homunculus minions.
You can have a small squad of chimera goons, which is nice.
Hello, Bel.
Nice to see you back.
I'm killin' it with my rolls today.
And by it, I mean myself.
Gee whiz.
I'll become as a leaf on the wind.
Yeah.
Is the player entitled to the result of his roll? No, it belongs to the GM.
Nah, I originally did this and made plans a while back when I had the expectation that there wouldn't be any PCs participating.
Say, tubes2go - could you go ahead and roll that kick/stomp for me?
I don't want to let Saff's session go too far ahead of yours, y'see.
If she dies, I'll retcon this session, it's fine.
They'll need your Longinus Rat to bypass the security systems.
But watch out for his monologues!
Harsh, but true.
No worries.
Saff is grabbing dinner atm, anyways, I think./
Roger that.
Oh, no, this is fine.
I would have killed her if I thought it was going to be a problem.
About what?
Oh, San Raul stuff?
I'm looking forward to your next SR session.
Back before I realized that tubes would be attending the Endbringer fight, I told Saff I'd like to have a PC perspective of the fight, and invited her to do this session. I can provide the logs thus far.
Oh, I was beaten to it.
Not rolling too great in San Raul today, it looks like.
Regrettably, due to the restrictions of canon, I cannot approve your transfer request for putting Weaver in the Indianapolis Wards.
I'm sad about Goldenrod. She was very fleshed out and I liked her power. That goes for pretty much everyone I've resolved to kill, though.
Do you go to wherever the Simurgh lives when you die?
Is she like that Egyptian god with the scales?
I was going for Sobek, as a 'scales' pun, but Maat is pretty fitting.
Gosh, a mean of 2.727 with std 1.663 out of my 33 d6 rolls in San Raul today.
The natural 100 on one of my mutations makes up for it, though, I suppose.
The wheel weaves.
I rolled nine 3 today. Nine is three threes. A triangle has three sides. Etc, etc, Illuminati, coincidence?!
Coldenrod?
You do have to make it home to Indianapolis to be able to interact with Miss Blitz, yeah.
Her brain helmet is doing silly shit, why shouldn't I give it a good thump?
Things are looking grim here!
Huzzah.
I liked Pain Train. I'm sad to see her go.
She had a good trigger.
Katie didn't trigger, though.
BRB.
Ah, yeah.
I can just roll a D6 here.
If I shit it up, no need to backtrack.
Whew.
I can't believe I'm not dead. (For the time being.)
Things have definitely felt fair, as far as action and consequence.
A bloo hoo hoo.
That's "a blu blu," thank you very much.
Their team has a "sea creature" theme.
Deus Volt is an amazing cape name.
Where is it from?
C-can I have it?
;-;
Thanks.
Aw, heck.
Oh jeez.
Alas.
Whew, that was a hell of a session.
You exhausted my playbook of dirty tricks and bastard moves.
Re-queuing sounds good, I'll be done with my thesis then and have more free time.
It would have been a cool way to cheat death, but the dice fall where they will.
I can roll tomorrow so as not to interrupt the gen.
I am curious to hear critique on my RP and character depth, though.
Evie started as a weaker cape in terms of personality, and her life flaw shone through to add some more (it certainly shone through in that last session).
"[23:54:12] <Antioch|Evie> Damn, damn, double damn. As she falls to her death, an idle thought flits through her mind – she never had the chance to frame her twin sister. Would've been the perfect cri—" What the heck
:^)
Yep.
Yeah.
Actually, that was me, the paragon of justice - you're the amoral and wanton killer, remember?
After I ask you for some advice this week or the next.
Skree.
Ugh. Now I have to format logs.
Tragic innit
kk
Who tells your story?
I'm busy until roughly 2, so nbd.
I'll have a review for you, Lys.
I know I keep saying that, but I actually don't have a great deal of work before tonight's session.
Just some soldering, paperwork, and silicon casting and I should be OK.
Oh, that's right, ColdGold -- what ought I roll to requeue for San Raul?
And Teller, I don't know if it's still on the table, but is it feasible to requeue for Sicol Bend as well?
Oh, yeah.
Thanks.
How about your dog?
"And your little dog, too!"
He's a big dog.
Not an amazing deal. I was more focused on skedaddling than murdering heroes.
I bonked Brainfreak on the head and dropped her a few stories and probably killed or injured some civilians, but nothing too severe.
I agree. I should have murdered more heroes.
You should make sure to put that on my gravestone, Non.
"If there's anything I regret about the many terrible events that have transpired in my wake, it's that I didn't implicate my sister in those crimes and cause her ultimate downfall while getting off scot-free."
That makes a good deal of sense. Don't worry too much about it, then, given how long the existing queue is.
I just wasn't sure how long you'd planned for Sicol to run.
I have no earthly idea how long Indianapolis is going to last.
Probably for a long while.
I'm itching to run more, but there's also the completion of my thesis I need to consider, so I'm trying to regulate my pace somewhat.
I'm making good time on my thesis. I can run a session or two each week.
I'm up for the next Long Beach gen, whenever it happens.
Not as far as I know, but I haven't been keeping track much.
Stranger and Thinker are my leanings, here.
More importantly, hmm, themes...
Social anxiety, dicked over by well-meaning parent, cold reception, silent crowd...
Ah, it could well be.
We could make the bud an option, since the mother's power is specified.
The mother's influence, I feel, lends a bit of Master to the trigger.
I like that.
I was going for "cold" and "silence" as my elements of choice, but the latter is a little narrow, as far as Tinkerstuff goes.
I'm Antman, but a Tinker. :|
I'm able to help out with the Tinker Table.
Rendering someone deaf and doing disorienting inner-ear stuff plays off silence and has stranger implications, but darkness does much the same and is more versatile.
Here's a rough draft for the Tinker tables, OptimusRhyme.
Especially with a socially anxious guy like that.
Give tubes a few to catch up first, Saff.
Well, you made a post that says "test," so I'll leave it up to you to decide if that was the desired outcome.
Tune in next time for more characters you care about dying.
Folks, here is a mild amusement and slight test of the madlibs namegen system, as well as very light power design / name correlation exercise. In a fight between...
versus...
What do you think the result would be?
I wonder what Devil's Heart does.
It sounds Master-esque. Or torment-y.
Hmm, I suppose it is a piratey name.
I like the Zulfiqar idea the most. Maybe a slight 'animate weapon' twist tacked on like Gungnir's auto-staff?
(I've been doing this for a good bit of today and yesterday and I'm building up a list to do a big polish-up of the cape-related madlibs.)
Gatefang is interesting. My first thought is someone who projects 'shadows' that creep across the wall and ground, with vague chompy creatures that lunge out and rend people.
So like pre-second trigger Narwhal but with portals instead of forcefields? Whew, that's crazy strong.
Destructo disk!
I'm trying to figure out which prefixes and suffixes are naturally weak.
Giant Whatever usually sucks.
I think it would modify both. More fun that way.
Changers usually alter stats, Breakers usually set them, iirc.
Silent Slug
For those of you who've used the Hero/Villain name generators, if you can PM me names that have come out that you liked or suggestions for things to add, I'd much appreciate it.
Good night, everybody.
this guy's post history is just horraneous.
it's pretty sketchy, and frames a lot of what he said in a worse light.
Morning, all.
Hey all. The $madlibs villain function has been updated.
If you use it, let me know about the good ones and the bad ones / ones that don't make sense.
I'll refine it more on Monday.
It's more consistent overall, I think, although certain phrases and sequences are hit-or-miss.
But it's put out good ones like "Commodore Chill".
I'll do no such thing.
I'm at the beach today, tobb
sorry
I have an open question. Which out of the following names do you like more?
Commander Calamity, Commodore Chill, Captain Colossal, or Carbon Copy?
Thanks for the feedback, everyone. I feel happy with the direction the $madlibs villain function is improving in.
I... don't think so.
Only thing that comes to mind is the archetype chart, I think.
Thanks!
Oh, this is a fantastic resource for $madlibs oneshot.
I'm curious if I could generate names for a specific disposition.
Being able to tag variables and assign them to multiple pools would probably be a boon. Generating names for a specific disposition column/row sounds pretty doable as well.
 how's it hoppin
Good evening. Have I missed anything on my trip?
Maybe in Earth /Aleph/, Pink.
Not in this world.
Ho, Dol!
Welcome back, Frost.
There was a Gold here yesterday, ColdGold. Are you falling to pieces?
Frossil.
Fraustus.
FoolsGold.
You should make that your nick on Apr 1st.
The troll gold is just the bridge toll.
Any sessions slated for today?
Were you on yesterday, Frost? Feels like I saw you 'bout an hour ago.
(For the first time, that is.)
Oh, what was it?
I could've sworn you mentioned it's your first time using IRC when you introduced yourself today.
So, what brings you to the Parahumans IRC, out of curiosity?
We mostly run worm-themed RPs in this channel.
Or, rather, facilitate them.
The link in the topic should do you well.
There are also some existing logs that are good to read.
Hmm, I'm not sure that Weaver Dice GMing techniques are particularly analogous to GMing a fantasy campaign.
Different mechanics, conceit, and methodology.
What sort of ideas are you looking for?
The link in the topic should lead you to some campaign logs.
Bear in mind that the sessions run here are done one-on-one.
I'm deliberately not updating it yet.
I need to clean and format all the raws, first.
That too. Certainly not a selfish, personal reason. >.>
What browser are you using?
I'm not sure if I'll be available today, but Wed/Thur seems good to me.
Works for me. I'll probably be ready closer to 1, though.
Good.
My grandparents have a starfruit tree. It's tasty.
Yeah, what's up, Sidezero?
Aw. I look away for one second and CG does my job for me.
Try and usurp me, do you?
It's too late.
Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown, son.
Yes.
Yes. 
Shall we resume?
Give me a moment to step into the lab.
Ready when you are, soulpelt| and Megafire.
No rush.
Thanks for playing, Pelt, Mega. Thalia is next for Cleveland, but I'm prioritizing the wrap-up of the Leviathan encounter.
Ree, you say.
Only interaction between Endbringers and Tinkertech in canon is Blasto's Morrigan.
I'll help out, although I'm in the middle of lab testing.
Consumable Tinkertech, with a primary emphasis on "cores" that can be slotted into a powersuit to kickstart a modular and temporary Breaker transformation.
I was mulling over the Breaker transformation, and having it leave behind Breakerized mutations, but I feel like that's too much of a flaw, and the thematics are a lot weaker without it.
I like that.
Fatigue?
This list?
We want stuff that synergizes well, right?
What in particular about Director March, Non?
Was it, perhaps, the time he told Ace of Space to get a haircut, in flagrant violation of the Youth Guard's "allowance for self-expression" clauses?
"20:35 <Nonagon> did Sorensen steal Nach's costume for Warpath." Oh god. He has to resign now. What a hack.
What if he unconsciously designed that costume to mirror Nach's because his subconscious correlates the two capes as being short as hell.
For real, though, I only just noticed that, lol.
Uhh. Let me look up the exact height.
He's taller than Nach by at least a half foot though.
Hmm. I can't find my height notes.
He's either 5"1' or 5"2.
Do you mean fictional TV shows set in Earth Bet?
Or, like, a biopic sort of thing?
I agree. I think there's some smokescreen on the fact that trigger events are only bad things, but I don't think it'd be enough to stop shows like that from becoming popular.
There's some public sentiment that trends towards "traumatic trigger = villain, triumphant trigger = hero", IIRC, so the tragic backstories would mostly be villains, and hmm, I dunno. Would be an interesting thought exercise to storyboard a show like that while considering the tendencies of Bet pop culture.
I feel like I did something similar, once upon a time -- no, wait. Slightly different.
Un-numbered PRT department in the sort of sticks focusing on unpowered employees, done in the style of The Office / Parks and Rec.
You mauled a child and it filled you with glee. Trigger.
!addquote <Nonagon> I can't maul enough children! I need to break through this barrier!
When.
Sonderman was unexpectedly nice. I didn't expect her to be so nice to Playpen in their most recent discussion.
Hmm. "Secession" or "Secede" might be a good cape name.
Either for a sov cit or a Confederate sympathizer.
Holy shit, now I need to make a South-set campaign with a South Will Rise Again gang.
Rebel Yell is a fucking iconic name.
Duke of Hazards.
Duke of Hazards was an unused cyborg PC.
> implying not all Billy Idol fans are confederate sympathizers.
SMH.
S M H.
That's a good one, Faust.
That would be a good name at face value, but I get the feeling Megaphone doesn't listen to Billy Idol.
Big Al is real and he's a Case 53.
"The Crimson Tide" is a good cape name, or group name.
Could've been Lilith.
"[21:13:53] <Antioch> Sonderman was unexpectedly nice. I didn't expect her to be so nice to Playpen in their most recent discussion." Originally I was just going to go "shape up or ship out" but then her reaction was weird so I used my brain to figure out what the real problem was.
Got it.
To prevent cheesecake from cracking, use a steam bath and cover with a damp cheesecloth.
I just haven't gotten around to uploading them.
Mostly she just got yelled at by a dude in a trailer park, though.
That guy in the trailer park wasn't nice.
"Breaking News: Interstice Calls Local Man A Cunt"
hey
Great, I will be in the moment as well. I just need to finish my lab testing.
I will be getting lunch after that, but I can GM while doing so.
in a moment
I have dibs on a few cape names.
Probably Treason or Semiramis. :^)
I don't see him.
Nailed it.
Hmm.
Gimme a sec after I do this opening post.
Heroic or villainous slant?
Wards-age or Protectorate-age?
Miss Melee.
Princess Powerhouse.
Pulverize.
Princess Piledriver.
Lariat Lass.
The People's Elbow.
Recherchè
Hauteur
Valor by itself is fine, tbh.
A little ambitious for Wards-age.
Alas.
Arc-en-ciel?
Bastille would be fine.
That cape basically died before she became publically known.
Gibraltar?
Snapper might try to turn you into a fine paste if your name is Gibraltar.
"Thicc".
My thighs are pretty big, tubes.
I do not.
Oh, haha.
I just realized that BruteAdj was already a category.
I bet I'm going to get something stupid like "Jagged, sharp Dame" if I do it enough.
Something something dice luck wow
14:36 <[ATM]> Durable, layered Lass
agree
I didn't. I rolled for all of these.
{VillainThing}-slinger is a good madlibs cape name.
Boneslinger. Gateslinger. Hellslinger. Soulslinger. All good.
I like Kingslinger.
And yeah, he was.
Gateslinger was a hero.
Gristledinger.
Yeah.
Miss Moderate Bash.
Better Call Firlz
What does your schedule look like?
Best of luck with that.
:(
It's outdated.
You should read the Khandhas vs. Noodle the Cat session.
:0
Big Green Meanie
Minor update: At Mishie's behest, I've juxtaposed the goblins and villain madlibs function to bring to you...
The pig one?
I don't recall any pig-themed outputs off the top of my head. "Squeal," maybe?
Ratguzzler is a fucking gem.
Because it makes sense, I've renamed the 'goblinvillain' function to 'scum' -- will happen as soon as I refresh the card DB.
I've added more potential results to the $madlibs scum function. My 'spare time' project is to do a name generator for specific dispositions.
19:04 <+[ATM]> Stench Quake
19:04 <+[ATM]> Meat Day
Nice.
Yeah.
It's a downfall of the system, since the variety that it provides is wholly based on permutation of certain variables.
But no real way around that. Single-phrase names can't be as easily randomly generated, I think.
Hmm...
I was thinking of making a big dumb list of that, then running it through a Markov chain, but the output needs to be coherent.
I did that for fantasy names and it worked, but cape names need to be actual things.
19:12 <+[ATM]> Chemguzzler
Holy shit.
This is a great name.
This is top tier.
It's just good on so many different levels.
19:20 <[ATM]> Shit Storm
A classic.
Did you have any in the first place?
Nah, she went down. She encased herself in her construct when the building collapsed.
She was the only person who survived when it went down.
!addquote <Bel> "The punishment for killing even one of God's children is eternal suffering in hell, you'd be a sucker to stop now."
I like that this quote is right next to 628.
!quote 628
I'm partial to the old water bucket over the door trick.
Chocolate milk is better than water.
Hmm
Soda Jerk is a good cape name.
That should have been Quaff's name. :(
Ovaltine Man
Miracle Whip
Crisco
It's weirdly a good cape name outside of brand context.
(Miracle Whip, that is.)
This is old hat. Busta Crimez is already a cape.
Whew. That was a good session, tubes.
Good introspection and roleplay.
Goodnight, everyone.
Heyo.
Hey, Bel.
I'm not sure if you were on when I implemented this function, but I think that you would like it.
I have been making a lot of $madlibs functions. It's hard to remember which ones you have and haven't seen yet.
I remember you helping with the oneshot generators.
So I think the only big one is that the villain generator has been improved, and there is a scum generator now.
Hurrah.
I'm improving the hero generator right now.
I like the $madlibs femalebrute one too.
Miss Melee and Demolition Dame were good.
I've made $madlibs hero considerably more robust.
Let's give it a try.
Ultra Kitty.
better_than_expection.png
I just did like 20 of these and they're all syntactically correct, so I feel good.
10:25 <+[ATM]> L'il Mask
10:25 <+[ATM]> Cryoslayer
10:26 <+[ATM]> Lord Victorious
10:26 <+[ATM]> Crimson Coyote
Nice.
10:29 <[ATM]> Ultramaster
Wow!
Whoa, these are mostly good.
10:32 <[ATM]> Mister Murder
10:32 <[ATM]> Empress Glaive
10:32 <[ATM]> Runespitter
10:32 <[ATM]> The Silent Savant
10:32 <[ATM]> Technocaster
10:32 <[ATM]> The Bronze Boss
Honorable mention to 10:32 <[ATM]> Devil's Meow.
10:42 <[ATM]> L'il Death
This is like
A whole nother level
10:43 <[ATM]> Sonic Sorcerer
Ooh!
10:48 <[ATM]> Cleaverfucker
!
Lol.
"Chairman Meow" is a name that came out of the Antihero name generator.
This is my kingdom.
Move to Princess December?
Howdy, Bow.
I did some more work on the cape name generators since you were gone. Feel free to try out "$madlibs hero", which has been made much more robust and almost never spits out a syntactically incorrect output, and "$madlibs antihero", which is a juxtaposition of the villain/hero name generators.
Yeah. I've been meaning to clean logs lately. Just been busy what with school starting.
Seems like there are better options for making money, after you get powers.
If I get a dextrous Mover/Striker I'll spend all of my time jerking off super efficiently.
"What's the point of efficiency if you're spending all of your time on it," you ask?
Fuck you.
And then you kidnap people because you need more people in your cartoons.
You make your little cartoon dudes real and they kidnap people for you to drag back into their realm.
It would be pretty cool to have a Tinker that has a motorcycle that is their main thing but it Transformers into body armor whenever.
Uhhh, maybe?
!addquote <apoc> What do you call the capitalist mice <apoc> SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS
10:24 <Enneagon> do saff and anti have their next endbringer session scheduled
We should be wrapping it up on Monday or Tuesday.
Piss Dagger is like a piss icicle
Megaphone's gang in Tallahassee
It's evening?!
If Synapse's Tinkertech runs a conventional OS, it's likely run as a virtual system.
00:10 <FossilLord> Vary well tubes what will out weapons be?
Traditionally, the challenged in the duel selects the weapon.
I'd rock the raw salmon matchup.
Hmm. I also believe it was directed at Mazinja.
Looks like you'll have to put your broken dreams back where they came from, Foss.
I'm sure you'll find a use for them another day.
Well lawyered, tubes.
Then we went back off topic. Shoot him again, boys.
This is where Non always being in char comes into play.
Enneagon and Nonagon submit multiple guilties. 
He's usually here in about 5 hours, Mazinja.
It is. :)
His internet's probably knocked out.
Hey Tell. I think Mazinja was looking for you.
Create a new map and use the "draw line or shape" function.
Encircle a given territory with a line and then shade / label the resultant polygon.
And a very mormon morning to you too.
Visit where?
Np.
I like what you did with the Factory, and how you can mix and match archetype patterns to create a lot of different drones.
Good job with the framework.
Well, I look at the tables too, but I generally tend to keep to myself and work on my own.
I'm not seeing the post, Az.
Oh, it's there. I was just looking on Parahumans.
Not too much, I think. No ongoing games, at least, that I know of.
Azer is making a new campaign on Discord with a homebrewed d20 system.
There is, IIRC, an extant "Khepri Dice" campaign on Discord. I don't know too much about how it's going, but you may be able to find people there as well.
I agree with Thalia for what I suspect are similar reasons, but I also feel like the discussion might be better suited for #tabletop or somesuch.
I also agree with Non, for similar reasons.
On a similar but on-topic tangent, I wouldn't mind discussing... not necessarily alignment, but the Weaverdice equivalent.
The labels of hero, villain, vigilante, corporate hero, etcetera are murky, but they're murky due to being relative to a sociocultural dynamic, which is a more interesting discussion.
(This is strictly to help me improve the $madlibs [capename] function, but I think the discussion in and of itself is cool.)
I wouldn't mind hearing, mm, words by association.
Like, first 3-5 words when you hear "hero" or etc.
Yeah, I agree, Fulv. It's interesting to see which axes the "hero-villain" axis is orthogonal to, though.
Hmm. This is an interesting line.
Would you call "Furnace" a hero or a villain?
"Tinder"?
"Prince of the Pyre"?
"Cremator"? :^)
Ah, so 'tis.
Virago is a good hero name, I think.
We could chain this. You want to come up with a random name and we do this for a bit, CG?
Hmm. #WD_GMlounge, since this is about character design.
Thursday is probably my best day this week.
I should be wrapping up Saff's session tomorrow.
Sunday works for me as well.
I'm eager to continue the Indianapolis narrative and explore the repercussions of the Leviathan attack.
I feel bad about all the NPCs.
I didn't get to explore them to their full depth.
They were cut down before their prime.
Pain Train was a good character. They were all good characters. Bath Boy's family and home life is fully fleshed out, so that will be a thing.
Poor Goldenrod.
That was two years ago, Saff. :(
I'm surprised she relates to Acacia as much as she does.
21:50 <Jyggalag> so some cool cape name comes out lame or almost nonsensical in english
three snake, bitch
Howdy
I'm currently running a test of the 3D printer after installing an acrylic enclosure. Once I finish that, I'll start grading homework and can run you then.
I am a little late to the discussion, but I am starting to listen to your playlist, Bel.
I am honestly very tickled that you have a character playlist. I love it when people give me extra stuff for their characters and I'm also looking for new music so this is a double present.
I'm appreciating the Neko Case. She's one of my favorite artists.
Oh -- mind if I suggest an addition?
It's just nice to listen to jazzy stuff, you know?
Also, noir mood-setting music is something I can almost /always/ use.
Yay, I finally cleared the extruder nozzle clog. I'll be with you soon, Saff.
I recommend all of Lake Street Dive, although not a great deal of their stuff is noir-y.
Bed leveling error. Give me 15 more minutes.
Okay, Saff, I'm ready.
Hi, Azer. Best of luck.
Do you have a link to the rules?
That's an interesting adaptation. I haven't read through it all, but I did glance at the character sheet and the first few pages.
Let me know how it goes, where the system's strengths and weaknesses lie.
Welcome back, ColdGold.
Now is hardly the time.
I wouldn't be putting you in this situation if it were a foregone conclusion, Saff.
That's not the way I roll.
It's in #WDIndianapolis2.
For continuation's sake (and the logs).
Urgh, I meant to clean and upload the logs today, but it was a lot busier than I expected.
There are 166 students in my class this year so grading is a real bear.
Grizzly.
Sorry about the delay in log cleaning. Work is pretty heavy right now.
Today I'm finishing Saff's session and playing in Mega's campaign, and I'll try to get some of that done on the side.
I'm here, Mega. Sorry if this is much later than expected. This week has been a lot of work.
Is another time this upcoming week doable?
all right, I'm pretty sure Sunday works, and since I don't have school in the morning on Sunday, we can begin significantly earlier.
Edmonton is coming up as an impressive campaign, it seems.
Well done, Az.
Hops is the protagonist of San Raul in my mind.
Norwalk's protagonist does feel like Pit Bull, though.
Are you on a boat, Foss?
Have fun.
Seems not fun for the narrative.
Also seems like the shard would be displeased.
It puts the onus of progression wholly onto the GM, which I personally wouldn't have a great time GMing.
Strangely enough, I feel like Horn Lord is the protagonist of Sicol Bend.
Schuyler was the one who suggested the bombs be put in.
I am really liking Gauss so far.
His internal monologue during the Leviathan fight was very good.
On that subject, I was wondering - for those who read the Leviathan sessions, how do you feel about my usage of the armband functions/announcements?
I worry about that, and I worry about not making things seem grim enough.
I'll be honest, tubes got really lucky about his power's drawback only going off while he was disengaged.
I expected things to be much hairier.
I think part of that was because the lens was on the impromptu triage area.
I'm hoping that the Leviathan fight seems more hopeless in retrospect, as this was a softball and he's moving on to hit Cape Town and Perth when everyone's feeling they won.
But I still worry.
Hmm. I can get that.
That's reasonable.
Hey Grondo.
Is that Grondo like the WoW NPC, or Grondo like Grondo the Hutt, or something else?
Just curious.
Actually 5 cults, Firlz. You might not have noticed the other two.
Hey Cogo.
This is an awesome Sicol session.
I love where you've taken the trigger.
Hi Megafire.
I'm ready whenever you are.
No rush.
Sure thing.
How many have I had?
I think the hospital fights in Cleveland were largely a consequence of The Good King being a major character.
Who named Wan's bat "Bert"?
Was it Wan himself? Gareau? Playpen?
Thanks. Did she watch Sesame Street?
Hmm. I don't know if she'd be that maladjusted if she did.
Hey, Non. You should make Playpen watch PBS every day.
Yeah. Life lessons.
I don't know this clown.
Melange has a cool power.
I can understand what you're trying to do, Firlz, but I think coming up with better descriptor names for the archetypes rather than using Brockton Bay capes as analogues might be less confusing.
When you say, "oh, such and such is like Lung," there's a lot of excess in terms of connotations.
Are they an unbeatable boss fight? Do they like to relax on reclining easy chairs? Are they a gang leader who uses race predominantly as an excuse to emphasize recruitment tactics?
Hell, local mastermind would be pretty solid.
Nah. I'm just declining the opportunity for a parting remark
I did, thank you.
I hope that cape I just beat up shows up again.
Saff, I am ready when you are.
I mean, I'll kill people.
Just later.
Hi, Dol!
That's the plan.
 Cŵn Annwn (Welsh pronunciation: [kuːn ˈanʊn].
!addquote <Clawford> Nona, everyone dissapoints you, you are practically walking dissapointment, eternally shaking your head at us <Enneagon> be that as it may
Explosivo is a combat-only character, more or less.
He has Craft and Threaten, but those don't see much use (Craft has seen none).
Fireback vs. Parents (1-0)
Fireback vs. random thug (2-0)
Fireback vs. ATM (2-1)
Fireback vs. The 800 (2-2)
The guy walking his dog?
If I had to bet on Deep Six vs. ATM, my money would be on ATM.
I'm not sure if any of my characters have a good combat track record.
He loses that one pretty consistently, Mishie.
I really ought to play a heroic character sometime.
Schuyler was originally intended to be a hero.
That changed pretty quickly.
I'm not 100% sure when he crossed the line.
I'll probably go with the session where he shook hands with Papa Rinaldi and started muttering "control" to himself.
He did actively choose not to blow up an entire hospital today.
Deep Six isn't undermining anything except racism.
He's practically a hero.
Bath Boy is saveable. I'm not going to put Saff in a foregone situation.
Not to say that it won't be critically difficult.
I want to make a Skill Thinker that accrues secondary benefits from rolling doubles.
And I still want to do the Yahtzee Dicecog Thinker.
Thanks for the session, Saff.
Hope you enjoyed it, and hopefully I touched on some of the tension and stakes that I feel were neglected in Gauss's session.
You did have to compete with tubes's weird Top Gun ramble.
I'm cleaning logs at last. Hooray.
If a costume is solely a tit window, is there no costume at all?
OK. I've uploaded the first two Interstice and Cassie sessions.
I've also cleaned logs 1-11.
Here are the raws for every other Indianapolis session.
I'll work on it more tomorrow. Getting rather sleepy.
Good luck, Sicol Bendians.
I'm rooting for the PRT as an organization, but Fireback as a character. She's full of pluck and steam.
I ended up tidying a few more logs.
It looks good, Nonagon.
Put the Snowdrop ball inside Melange and roll away.
It did not.
It was like the last scene from the Titanic, except Rose shoves Jack off while shouting "Get off, bitch, I ain't dying today".
They did not.
The next session is Faustus's.
I'll prepare a scheduling sheet for Indianapolis players shortly.
15:18 <Turncoat> Or rather, that we had so many survivors.
This is the canonical Endbringer fight where Leviathan softballed everyone, pretended to retreat, and then hit Cape Town and Perth in rapid succession.
His conflict was much more internal than external.
Anansi vs. Gauss would be a pretty cool fight.
I have no idea which way the dice would fall on yhat.
*that
I'm still interested.
I prefer Sundays but can be flexible.
Any.
11 AM your time, Cogo.
Might be too early for Thal. IDK.
 jesse_we_have_to_cook.png
Good afternoon, Tell.
And not me, Thalia?
Friendship terminated.
I can do that. My character can't.
Too late. I'm worried.
Hi. Here is a scheduling document for Indianapolis players.
Sure. I'll try and run you, Faust, and Tell as my initial priority 3.
That sounds good.
It looks versatile.
I would enjoy playing it.
Sebastian Valentine is the name that Pink's character was raised as, Nick.
No comment.
Is this an RL campaign or online?
What other notorious teleporters in WD history do we have
Morning, all.
Hi, Dol, Well, everyone else.
And Non.
I had a brief lapse in cognition where I couldn't determine which was ruder, during which I hit the enter key.
:P
I was looking through the pregen powers for the first time in a while yesterday -- big fan of some of the new ones. Grim Mirror was one that stuck out to me.
And I still want to implement conditionally bimodal Tinkerings in the same vein that Zone does.
The trigger's great.
A telegraphed lunge that closes a lot of distance has my vote.
Has utility in the form of long-range mobility, even if it misses.
I'd want to ensure that it's not a good escape mechanism.
"[11:55:59] <Antioch> I'd want to ensure that it's not a good escape mechanism." Has to zone in on a sound source, typically a fairly active, moving person in range?
67gh47
\ /mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Hey, Mikey D.
The fight between Anansi and Anthem has been added to the logs.
Almost. I still have a few sessions to wrap up.
There are 4 or 5 remaining, Bel.
However, I have the raws.
It's alright. I'll handle the remainder tomorrow.
Pain Train is a woman.
Her.
Lol.
I meant to type "was" but typed "her" for some reason.
"21:55 <Enneagon> It's fine to have a type, all my characters are extremely aggressive jagoffs." I think I tend to default to very egocentric/narcissistic characters that lie habitually.
Commodore Chill.
Commissar Cool.
Colonel Cryo.
Hey, this is my original character, her power is the opposite of Sundancer's, her cape name is Blue Ball.
Please don't steal.
Lambda would have been great for Lumina.
Her tech works off of the visible light spectrum.
I wouldn't mind a discussion on best PC/NPC names. I'm always looking for more inspiration.
I'm a fan of B.F.T. and Ghetto G-sus.
I don't have any good PC names, but I'm fond of my NPCs, generally.
I'll try hard to try less hard for my next PC.
I don't know if it'll be my next.
NPC names are easier because you can reverse engineer power and personality from them.
Veni, Veni, Veni
Sic Semper Tyrannis.
Good name for a "The South Will Rise Again" cape.
Hey, Faustus|GM. I'm ready to run you at some point today.
I had us down for today, but I put a slight delay on the scheduled starting time since you were GMing about two hours ago.
Sunday may be workable, but I won't know for certain until it gets closer to that time.
In roughly 1.5 hours.
Probably a bit more than that
She's getting lunch right now.
I'm doing some labwork and I'll be ready to GM soon.
Hi, Teller and tubes. Sorry for the delay. I am ready to begin.
#WDIndianapolis2, please.
Just combine all your triplets into one powerful human.
Gauss is (was?) a Chicago Ward. He was briefly mentioned in Weaver's bit before she went to fight Khonsu and then never again, IIRC.
You're welcome.
Yeah, it's fine.
Best of luck, S0
21:03 <Enneagon> "[20:54:48] <tubes|Gauss> i thought you were talking about the FF6 Shadow" I thought you were talking about Shadow the Hedgehog.
Yeah, me too.
No worries.
Not too much.
There were other Leviathan fights?
Hops is my boy.
!search hops
!search ain't right
There is a very easy way to keep Hops from fighting you.
Just give him what he asks for.
The GMing is so good, though.
i'll do it every time.
Good afternoon, all.
How's it going?
I've corrected that for you.
I'm blind.
Swordfish is a well-executed Miss Militia type.
I have an NPC that's similar, though it's moreso that they have a configurable Tinkertech weapon that can hotswap effects and form.
Nacho cheese by itself is pretty unpalatable.
Biting into a minion and getting a nacho cheese taste and texture would put me in mind of a ball of flesh, bursting nacho pus when punctured.
So there are a lot of better alternatives.
Marshmallow would be one of the least disturbing options, I think.
I'm here.
You still have Shakesphere in jail, right, Non?
Err. Seachange.
Shakesphere is dead.
Seachange is a really good cape name.
It's so on the nose for his power, but the reference/etymology makes it really zing.
Good morning, everyone.
Weekends are rough for me.
I can try for today, but I have labwork that needs to be done, and I'm very much in the zone for it right now.
Welcome back, Cogo.
I do have narcolepsy, but it is not crippling.
After being convinced to do so by Kablam!
I think Kablam! deserves the majority of the credit here.
It's not debilitating, Sidezero, so I won't know if you get it wrong.
*Kablam!
There was that one time where she murdered Bath Boy.
Seems like a worthy foe for Lumina.
Three months, roughly.
It was a busy three months.
Compelling evidence.
Remind me to add the quote "!addquote <Nonagon> $roll 1d6 the proletariat's authority <%[ATM]> "the proletariat's authority" [1]  = 1 <Nonagon> so damn true." whenever O\\\O is back.
Hey, tubes.
Are you available to resume your session?
Sorry for the short notice.
Not at all.
Perfectly fine, I have things I can do in the meantime.
Do let me know if Mishie comes on as well, I want to get a start on his session as well if possible.
I bet Warner Bros. was dismantled by a Thinker with a chip on his shoulder and bought out and turned into a shell company.
No real justification why, just seems like a thing that'd happen.
Oh god, where is my red pen. 
Mr. Freeze, perhaps.
Ah, I know. Siberia is a cold place, so you should call yourself the Siberian.
Brrr.
Yeah, that's a good one.
How about Brain Freeze, ColdGold?
I was reluctant to give that name away, since it was on my NPC shortlist, but I caved.
That's retconnable.
Amphetamine Queen was a retcon.
Find+Replace is a magical tool.
You should have him make it start snowing one day to cancel school.
!addquote <Nonagon> $roll 1d6 the proletariat's authority <%[ATM]> "the proletariat's authority" [1]  = 1 <Nonagon> so damn true.
I'm not sure if Brain Freeze or Brainfreeze is better.
Foy needs to change channel auths again.
Oh wait, it's cus the dollar sign
!addquote <Nonagon> roll 1d6 the proletariat's authority <[ATM]> "the proletariat's authority" [1]  = 1 <Nonagon> so damn true.
Oh, btw, ColdGold -- I'm designing a gesture-recognition glove used for robotics control and sign language translation. Is it alright if I call it "Index"?
Excellent.
Of what severity?
Stocks = pillory, right?
Two arm holes, one head hole, jeering crowd?
What about the one where the laser draws ever closer to bisecting James Bond's dick?
Yay. 149 homeworks graded.
Thanks, tubes.
Gauss is starting to grow on me.
His nervous "hahahaha" tic is a good one.
He strikes me as extremely manic.
Evening, Tell.
Am I not properly clothed?
You've met me.
Did it occur to you to think "this kid is improperly clothed" for the duration of our meeting?
If not, I think I'm safe.
Easier to use Weaver Dice to get someone to be interested enough in Earth Bet rather than making reading the series a requirement for playing, IMO.
And to that end, some sort of condensed primer for the setting in general would be useful.
Here are some vials I've collected from recent-ish Cauldron gens.
They correlate to the rows and columns of the detail generator, roughly.
 I'm not sure if I should be flattered that it's my "style".
PVP sessions will require GM attention, but dialogue generally does not.
Having GM involvement does tend to smooth things along, and at the minimum you still need to set the stage.
It's true. I like putting in less effort for more sessions.
 20:48 <Saff> i'd start with indy, since it's by one of the big GMs but it just started recently
I'm a small GM.
It's OK, Saff, you can say I have a magnum dong in this channel.
Ah, I need to update it
Greenbat's power are "super sneeze"
Which capes have been "I'm cauldron, oops, actually I'm case 53" rather than intentional 53 eg Eugene/Jokers?
All I know is Templar.
The OG Ratboi.
His sessions are a delight.
_seen Serk
Oh, the server outage
That's prolly what did it
Longer than that, IIRC.
Someone link Rat Boy's first few sessions. They're super good.
Hmm. Never mind then.
Probably just too old to remember
Maybe Cashy's cache is only so big
Rising to the top!
Rat boi made two wrestler rats to take down an unruly cape.
There was an elbow drop involved.
The rats have poor intellect and only said "cream of the crop" esque lines.
Rat dialogue is... hard to explain
I need to run Thalia at some point
Thesis work has me swamped , though
!search rat
Valiant had a second trigger as well.
That's all, though.
IIRC.
Morning, all.
I should be running a session around 3:30 or 4 PM CST today.
I'm running Bel, so I'll leave that up to your discretion to speculate.
If Faust or Mishie are available, I can probably run them as well.
Hi Bel. Are you ready?
That's OK. I'm free for the rest of the night.
No worries.
I find that the first sessions are tougher, because the players and myself haven't had time to settle into their respective headspaces yet.
I can step into the shoes of an old Cleveland NPC in a jiff, but Klein is someone who I conjured out of my butthole a scant hour or so ago.
*Kline
Anansi: Nips -- Ripped!
All of this would be fine if you had only brought him pictures of Spider-Man!
Good morning, Nick.
Quote Seven - <Lurks|GM> I just really hate killing people off. 9:52 PM <&Antioch> Just run Nick a lot.  <Antioch> It'll give you practice. <Antioch> Harden your heart.
16:13 <Nonagon|PC> how's that different from him without powers
re: the obnoxious flaw
preemptive self-roast
Stick around, Net. Generally, existing campaigns have a queue, some of which are open for application -- otherwise, waiting for someone to begin a new campaign is your best course of action.
Let me fix that.
I removed it.
The detailed oneshot command just generated a cape for the player in addition to the scenario.
As one does.
I'm going to rejoin SR and break a cop's hands?
Do you have a hostage?
You should take a hostage.
You should take a hostage.
There's literally no downside to taking hostages.
No, take someone with a promising future.
Children are more replaceable though. Easy to make another one.
You should take another hostage.
More hands = why not?
I think that Caul should leave Zenith and take over Snowdrop's gang, renaming it to Twink Tank.
I have some triggers and powers from Tinker-induced bad trips if you end up needing them, Camtist.
Cool.
Pestilence from Cleveland? There was no Pestilence from Cleveland.
For sure, but no upper case P
Thought that was Famine.
Pestilence wasn't in the 4H. They has a Conquest.
*had
Conquest had my favorite power.
Out of the four.
Cyborg Tinker that converted most of his body into a factory that autonomously produced insect-sized drones.
Useful for what?
Of the four, I felt sorriest for Famine.
Ah, yeah.
Cool. I have to give a lab tour in a few and then eat lunch but free after
Great.
You should be in more game channels then, for sure
While you've been on I recall Long Beach and Miami being run, and I'm sure others that have escaped my notice
Probably a factor of what time(s) of day you're on and active then, I imagine
Not "RIP". "Ripe".
I'm pretty psyched to run post-GM WD after Worm 2 comes out.
How do you mean?
Still not sure I get what you're saying.
I mean, there's plenty of time to work with pre-GM.
And most campaigns don't cover an egregious timescale.
Thalia's next.
Not sure when.
I want to GM a lot more, but my thesis defense is in less than a month, so it's a busy time for me as of late.
Agh. Sorry Bel and Faustus. I don't know why but I'm feeling kind of nauseous and lightheaded. Sorry for getting your hopes up.
The modifier for a skill check with two stats is contextual
Diagnosis would be Know, first aid would be Dex, e.g.
Nice to see someone who's interested in GMing.
Glad to have you.
Wiggly mouth-tentacles that move around with a mind of their own, suckering onto nearby victims and surfaces that the power is fixated on
I'm getting a pick-up-and-play "module"-type campaign polished and ready if that's something that might help.
I've made a lot of improvements on the Terre Haute shell since the last go at it.
I held on to Dexter as one of the New Terre Haute PCs. Was meaning to ask Nick if he'd be interested in having Filament do much the same.
*NPCs.
I'm happy that you enjoyed it. I feel like I've improved as a GM since then.
I worked hard to try and make a good power for that trigger.
that sounded vaguely threatening
It's still a thing insofar as it's my writing project
Which is a falsehood insofar as my writing project at the moment is my thesis
sneeper
Evening, all.
Not too much. I'm taking a day off from thesis work to recuperate from the flu.
I'll catch up on the logs.
Nex as in the life flaw, I believe, Iridium.
Hey, Zip. Glad to see you back.
Can someone give me a quick recap of this powergen?
And the trigger number?
Okay, neat. This is for Chimmny's campaign -- who is the player?
Got it.
That's a pretty good trigger. Props to the author.
That sounds more like a nemesis duelist than an heirloom duelist, but both seem applicable.
Hmm, interesting.
I think the brief summary works as-is, particularly drawing inspiration from the triggeree's father.
Want to fire up a GDoc and we collaborate on a table?
Not gonna lie, totally misread that as "fatso".
No problem.
Hey all, here's the Tinker sheet. Let me know if there's things that could be edited for clarity, or things that you liked out of the design.
Modular campaign is pretty close to done, I think. I just need to make more detailed scenarios and have prebuilt statlines for the important NPCs.
"[21:50:18] <Antioch> Modular campaign is pretty close to done, I think. I just need to make more detailed scenarios and have prebuilt statlines for the important NPCs." Curious how you've structured it.
I'll send you the details once it's done, Non. I cribbed a lot from your NPC bestiary and McAllen document in terms of templating/organization.
Here's the setting notes from a player perspective, for starters.
I was wondering if it would be feasible to do something Wichita-esque, but I don't know of any good way to safeguard against newbie GMs dropping the ball and leaving one of the mentor GMs to shoulder the load that I can think of.
I wish I had that sort of cash.
That makes sense, Non. I do like grand campaigns, but one shots make more sense.
!addquote <Zipper|Work> I wanna play one of those people that spent their childhood locked in a basement eating rats <Faustus> Self-inserts are normally discouraged, Zip
!search rat
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 176)
I'm the resident rat-eater of Weaver Dice
Only sometimes.
Revenge for Serk
Huh.
I was just wondering why I got pinged, and left with more questions than answers
Nah, I have it set to Antioch only.
I removed the "Anti" ping because I'm pretty busy lately.
I might turn off all notifications for a while, since it's come to that
G'night, all
oh, i figured out how to articulate what was niggling at me when I said "huh".
shades works as a character because he's an NPC. would be super weird to have him take up a PC role.
Puck, Bankrupt, and Evie's deaths all made a great deal of sense in the context of the unwritten rules.
I think the 'tick of negative rep' has been handled IG pretty well without any mechanical framework, thus far.
Thinking again to San Raul as an example (Sicol Bend, as well).
I want more mechanical incentives for people to lean on their own rep, but I think the negative aspects are done pretty tidily so far.
Far be it from me as a GM to say "Sorry, your character actually isn't able to kill someone" in any given scenario.
If it's out of character, I'll say that, but that's another thing entirely.
Mentally capable rather than physicially capable, I mean (if I'm remembering Apex's session accurately).
I think "bringing yourself to kill someone" is just acting IC versus OOC.
If your character is a murderer or otherwise has their reasons, fine, but if it's out of the blue, I have different concerns.
Hey, Tell. Been a while.
@ Well and Tell, did my pass-through on the "Conduit Chain" Tinker tables. Can't think of anything else I want to add/edit.
I also cribbed your format for a new Tinker gen yesterday (Mazinja's, IIRC). I'm liking it a lot for Tinker use in general. It feels more flexible than the "combine List A / List B" style that I've used for the past while.
Sorry for the slow response, Sidezero and Pink. Here is Mazinja's Tinker table with the new format.
Just the way mixing and matching was handled, mostly.
I save up the Tinker tables genned for PCs to refer back to from time to time.
It's more to read and remember, for sure, but I like it as a tablemaker because it affords additional flexibility in design.
A handy guy with a spreadsheet.
Here are some fan-made vials.
Sans the hotswapping, I think that it plays out similarly to how any given Tinker combining List A / List B options would, but there's more flex for the designer in either direction.
I just ported an old list to the format you used to see how well it would transfer over, and it turned out decently. I don't think anything was lost in translation.
(Here is the one I swapped over, for reference.)
Serendipitous.
Oh, holy shit.
I just realized that 3+ degrees of modularity means I could hypothetically design a Chaos Tinker... where every single one of their Tinkerings is dictated by custom $madlibs function.
* by a
I put this scheme on the back burner with great reluctance. Have to finish my thesis first.
Good luck.
The Doubledilla is a fine menu item.
It's alright. It's not at the top of the line as far as Taco Bell foodstuffs are concerned.
Here's another old Tinker I transferred over to the new format to see if it would work out OK. I think it did.
Sorta kinda. Tell made a new one for Non and I liked it a lot so I tried cribbing it for one new Tinker and two old ones.
They also overlap when it comes to the "Life" specialty.
One on one RPG turns out higher quality in general, I think.
That's just anecdotal on my part, though.
Valor does sound cool.
Has there been a moleman cape yet?
He /is/ a superhero, Zip.
I loved the scene where he dunked his arm in a vat of corrosive chemicals he'd mixed up and ran an electric charge into the vat to crystallize a cyborg arm over his existing arm.
That scene really speaks to me as one of the best "Tinker is backed into a corner and forced to improvise with materials on hand" ones.
Schuyler attempted to wield it in a fit of remorse-addled insanity, and it was merely a stick in his hands.
Its spirit passed with Gungnir.
I should have given Gungnir's staff to Horn Lord.
It would have been an upgrade to the windshield wiper.
Gungnir's death was very... him.
Jacuzzi was a good character in Baccano.
Morning.
It was one of the very first.
I really should nix those. I'm not on twitter, but the former two eat up atrocious amounts of my everyday time.
I use FB mostly for organizing IRL RPG stuff, but not too much of that is happening lately. Now I just post pictures of my cats and dinner like a good millennial.
Not that I'm aware of.
I feel like being on this IRC is enough of a Parahumans group for me.
I think I can do italics on my mobile client now.
That's pretty cool.
Thanks IRCcloud.
12I have color functionality as well, but I think that's disabled in this channel?
I think the color/bold disable vanished that one time when the server crashed.
Same with a lot of secret channels becoming unsecret.
Don't be a beach.
I see no god here.
Heavy is the head, bitch.
Those guys love it there
We also love it here, but those guys are starved for anything WD
I dunno why they don't just pop on over
I got no beef with the Cauldron discord.
There are some silly folks there, but it's a fine place to be generally speaking.
I like Discord's search function but that's about the only UI boon I can think of
And having a logbot solves that pretty neatly.
I can't say I know enough about the Discord format games to make a judgement on their style and genre.
You have to input a bot command to get the "Roleplayers" role to get access to the RP channel.
It's kind of confusing at first
Sometimes RP games are run in that channel but weirdly enough the server policy is "we'd prefer you make a whole new server if you want to run a game that spans multiple sessions"
Which I'm still kinda boggled anout
*about
I did a search on your username but nothing came up in the #rp channel specifically
Having campaign specific channels does help logging a lot
Nope, most of the pregen discussion is in #chargen
Didn't see any in #rp
yeah, that yielded null results
granted my syntax could be wrong as hell
but i did in:rp pregen as my search string
alas.
Is the dodecahedron trump good enough?
Gotcha
I think it means there are new posts that you haven't read but I could be wrong
Hey Non. I gave you access to that Tinkers spreadsheet.
It's kinda old though.
I can chip in a bit for a gen, though my attention is split.
I'm also driving through the boonies so my signal isn't great.
I'm a passenger.
[DESTINATION]
[THE STICKS]
I think that's more manually demanding and consequently dangerous.
There's a trigger that got posted?
Ah, I see.
Before we jump in, who's all up for it?
Yeah, don't wanna gunk the channel up too much.
(Also why I was wondering who was up for it.)
Wanna take that $used Marcy rolled and move the gen and discussion to #characterdesign?
That way we won't bug y'all.
Mishie's MRI expertise coming out in full force today
I've had to work with specific nonferromagnetic stainless steels and magnetic shielding as of late and it's a real pain
Remind me to ask about magnetic shielding y'all use later
Gold is expensive. :P
@ Thalia
Quick, say something about the earth being flat or something
down with mercator projection
I think most of the powers I make these days are pretty strong.
I was on board until you said "for Thalia"
:^)
But yeah what are the vials
OK. Turns into grape eating bat
Damn. different tacks entirely
I'm about to be on a seven hour drive, so I cannot
Non counts as 9 people
I'll chip in for like fifteen minutes while I get coffee.
random emotion master/trump
ooo wee
conditional invulnerability to people experiencing a random negative emotion
Go out on the boat, push Seven off
Two birds etc
I still see zooseuss around from time to time on the other server.
Much worse than becoming a clown and clowning on an enemy
Matador ripple-distortion Striker/Mover with some sort of fang-arm Brute tertiary
Beartrap-hand Brawler Striker?
Good trigger, btw
Themes: jaw, fang, entertainment, oversight, crime, feeding the beast
Manifests telegraphed "beartrap" gauntlets on hands, potentially feet, melee damaged up with the chance for user's choice of autograpple/rend
I'm not averse to something that improves footwork/mobility in face-to-face combat
Some sort of point-blank trap or riposte mechanic
Something that's at least some measure of "showboat"
Campanile sorta does that, iirc
But he squeezes things and fucks with them spatially, Vista-style, rather than actually physically compressing them
Egh, that's a lot of onus on the GM to meticulously describe the material composition of the surroundings in any given combat scenario
I was drifting away from "vacuum sphere" beartrap since that's Snaptrap's shtick
But we could do some sort of "compression / arrest glove" baseline mechanic
I think that letting a cape crush some dude's head like an egg in one hand isn't a bad thing per se
I'm happy with that as-is, though it might could be conditional on having successfully put the victim in a submission hold or otherwise have telegraphed a "glowing hand" effect prior to the Godhand Grip
So you don't just friendly handshake your foe's arm off right off the bat
Striker vector master power
Bt diff
Agreed
pressure glove territory striker sounds like a pretty solid base
i wouldn't fret too much about "too powerful"
I like the former more than the latter
crystal pistol
it rhymes
I think FossilWait had a question about fire bear
Turing in Turncoat's game
Sleight of ass, maybe
I generally tug precog GMing techniques from my bunghole rather than my sleeve
Divination by entrails Thinker
I like the screaming argument aspect of it better
I think that's good enough to stick into the trigger list. I like the idea of it.
What's the age range of the triggeree and the brother?
Should it be over something relatively petty, at a younger age, or something more serious?
Does set some context as to what type of character ends up being played, IMO
I like triggers that define a bit of the character, set the player on a good starting track
But I know others that very much don't
Begs the question of how the Trump brother triggered, to a minor extent
What kind of direction do you want to approach this trigger construction? Bottom-up or top-down?
I'd go for the former, personally
The one where your cousin is like "hey do me like 10000 solids or I'll never give you this kidney you need to live"?
Wiggly Flubber Quicksand Shaker is OK
It don't hafta be a NNF
Just some dang ol jello
Should be able to twist/mold/snap jellified structures
And self-bounce for some mobility
Not too big a fan of those mechanics
re: El's
Greasy jello
slippery and bouncy
it'll gobble you up if you fall in
Maybe have variant properties
Or maybe it congeals over time
Need to figure out a more active use than just environment transmutation
The former imo
As long as it isn't too complex, sure
Grease, glue, and slime as discrete modes is fine
Slippery = grease
tastes like beef
i like how jack's first priority is trying to find out how to use the power to cause massive property damage
calm down dude
you're just a liposuction janitor
do the impossible stairs
Hey guys. There's a $madlibs Tinkertech function now.
It's OK, not great, and could use some more modularity.
Let me know if you have any ideas or suggestions, or if it generated something you like in particular.
I removed 'ruins' as an element. It didn't work out too much in most configurations.
Just random.
The library isn't huge yet, so repetitions aren't that improbable.
15:43 <+[ATM]> Armor Greaves
15:43 <~Antioch> Ooh, Armor Greaves, lah di da, very high tech
Some kind of 'homing' mechanism, where people struck by the Striker weapon (let's say... rose-thorn whip, just going off the top of my head) are seeded/tagged and the fairies naturally flock to them, maybe?
The idea for an esoteric Thinker sense based on spore trails left behind as the wings flap occurred to me, but I don't have any great ideas on how to take it farther than that.
PM [ATM] with the command $refresh cards.
I'm not sure either.
Sun Gyum Gang DuBois is Ed Du Bois.
*Gym
I think my luck was +1 Social and Slumming It (represented as I don't have time to move in to a real place or really get my office set up).
Unfortunately, I had my character concept prior to rolling luck.
"[20:32:09] <Antioch|DuBois> Unfortunately, I had my character concept prior to rolling luck." Monster.
Read your A-class guide, Enneagon, made some comments. Very good overall.
Would be interested in putting it into practice at some point down the line.
I think we're a little bloated on Trump triggers at the moment.
Could maybe insert some in-campaign examples of A-class threats with links to relevant information/logs, maybe.
NPC examples work for some headers. Deep Six + Ghetto G-sus for the A-Class And Rival section, maybe.
Lensdoc is pretty solid.
Some example goals for proactivity would be good here too I think.
A-class luck. Roll 2d4 to determine type. Then roll 3 of each resultant type. Player vetoes one, GM vetoes another, for each set of 3.
Good power, btw. How would you handle Adstrictum?
I can't remember off the top of my head which powers you've made recently (if Chrome was one of yours, I liked that). I actually don't have a great deal of PCs, heh.
I wouldn't mind, later today, trying my hand at an A-class gen, pulling from $used or somesuch.
oh, CG
The dancer and lancer power is a good one that isn't in that folder I linked to you
I like that one
Hooray!
I'm up to give an A-class gen a whirl.
It's been quiet enough here (and no games ongoing) that I think here's fine.
I'll poke Bel and Turncoat, since they were interested.
Double rip.
ColdGold, you interested?
Ah, if it's just me and Bel for now I'll wait for a third party before firing it off.
Third genner*
Uh, link him the doc
It's like a power gen with the intent of making the resultant power Lung-tier
Ditto
Prone to some confusion, as evidenced by Faust's reaction, it seems
Maybe he's just plague-addled
Well, I'm good to fire this up whenever.
o7
The older ones aren't super great.
Haha, nice.
OK, lots of wiggle room to make this power comparatively strong.
Themes are: quartering, pull/tension, critical joint failure, vehicle, medieval punishment, penalty.
A Brute with mechanical changer elements (corded -- steel cable -- musculature that's prehensile to an extent, 'revving engine' musculature) works.
Not sure how pat that is.
I'm not opposed.
It's very vaguely Shaker-ish, so having a tertiary side effect of belching exhaust that obscures sight / chokes / etc. wouldn't be amiss.
Regeneration (re: the mechanical brute concept) could be essentially limitless and a function of consuming/absorbing nearby detritus (preferring metal) to patch-up 'armor' skin, acting as ablative armor at first, then integrated back into the body to repair damaged systems.
"Fight them in a place where rubble generation/acquisition is limited" is an OK weakness, I think, given that most settings / cape fights are in cities.
Steel-cable musculature should be able to give some degree of reach (could extend out cables, flail loose hand around like morning star), enables grappling hand shenanigans both for mobility and 'get over here's.
I don't see why not.
Wouldn't mind adding in some more subtle tools -- this is a relative juggernaut of a cape, but I don't want every fight to boil down to "haha, oh yeah baby let me just punch this fucker".
Reach and ranged dexterity by dint of cable arm extension does help some (cape can make effective use of terrain, tactics, positioning) but it does still come down to clobberin' em.
Hm, so prehensile cables that aren't necessarily arm-analogue?
Yeah, I could see that.
Kung-fu grip seems fine to have.
Mass-leeching tentacables?
That's pretty neat, I dig it.
Gobbling up Tinkertech to fuel a Changer transformation is cool. I think I had a dude who did that once.
Supplementary ranged options seem fine.
Operating it remotely seems not OP, but out of flavor.
Would rather have the guy subsume machinery and incorporate it into the chassis than remote-control it via cables.
I'm imagining this back-and-forth dynamic between this cape that has a Tinker nemesis -- stealing enemy tech / weapons gives him an edge, but every scrap of metal that gets knocked off him can get scavenged and repurposed into doped-up Tinkertech.
Would be a fun interaction.
I need to find the logs of that brainstorming session. Was fun.
It'd be pretty helpful for new GMs, though.
Hm, are we settled on something? If so, I can knock together a writeup.
Cool.
K, here it is.
Good for luck if the write-up passes muster.
I'll do the GM-side vetoes, I s'pose.
Crit limiter / impenetrable armor seems good.
Totally forgot that crits bypassed.
Obvious Target is kinda already folded in the 'Tinkers Love Him! Click to Find Out Why!' aspect of the power.
So I'd nix that.
Since you've nixed FF, hrm.
Renovamen means some kind of dope-ass Terminator revival whenever this cape gets pasted which sounds cool. Circumsedeo is solid though.
I'd nix Circumsedeo, but that's just personal preference, 'cause I hate bookkeeping. Is a hard choice otherwise.
lmao
Feel free to pop that into the sample A-class doc. The wording on the write-up can probably use a good ol' polish.
No cap, is just the starting amt.
Well, there should probably be a cap lol
You shouldn't become immortal if you eat a football stadium.
That seems good.
Does work, fight-duration-buffs are always a pain for me.
IDK why.
It's flavorful and makes sense shard-wise
I just don't like keeping up with it I guess.
It is, I just have a notion of a bias against it and I have no idea where it came from.
I'll reevaluate my life later, when I'm less sleepy.
That's honestly probably where it came from
Astutely reasoned
Here are those Raleigh notes.
We could probably collab on making a modular campaign setting one day. IDK.
Just like one of those books you get for D&D or whatever with a setting & adventure ready to run out of the box.
Artisanal gourmet worldbuilding
His cape name is regez
*regex
02:36 <Wellwick> Thanks Faust, trying to figure out how much Nona needs
2chainz
One session per arc
Hey Well
I responded to your thing but you were offline
10:51 <Antioch> 02:36 <Wellwick> Thanks Faust, trying to figure out how much Nona needs
2chainz
(Just let him pick 8-10 individual components and let him mix and match.)
That's enough to build two discrete chains and be able to mix and match into multiple unique configurations.
21:07 <Enneagon> i should have made ravel make a composite sketch of ember to try to figure out who she is. d'oh.
Should have made Pioneer do it.
I am merely proposing an alternative course of action.
One I personally believe is more optimal.
I'm making a joke.
I have his Skype, but he's ghosted me in my own campaign before, so IDK
Exit your client and never come back?
As one does.
It's pretty strong. I've only been beaten by capes that had Trump abilities that were able to nullify it.
The Changer one reminds me of Paperdoll, who was great.
Holster.
Hey Non. Can you do me a solid and mock The 800 with some variant of the line "Where does an 800 pound gorilla sleep? In the zoo haha have fun in jail."
Definitely needs some workshopping, but I feel it has potential.
Any votes/thoughts on "In its own excrement, like a fucking uncivilized animal"?
Hey tubes, hook me up sometime today or this weekend with sick details that will ensure that Kumiho's rights aren't violated.
"[09:11:36] <Antioch> Hey Non. Can you do me a solid and mock The 800 with some variant of the line "Where does an 800 pound gorilla sleep? In the zoo haha have fun in jail."" Just think. If Schuyler was still alive he could have told The 800 himself. Unfortunately this would be out of character for Sonderman.
10:12 <Enneagon> "[09:11:36] <Antioch> Hey Non. Can you do me a solid and mock The 800 with some variant of the line "Where does an 800 pound gorilla sleep? In the zoo haha have fun in jail."" Just think. If Schuyler was still alive he could have told The 800 himself. Unfortunately this would be out of character for Sonderman.
Alas, I think it would have been out of character for Schuyler too.
I put several of my traits in Schuyler, but my bad sense of humor was not one of them.
Didn't you GM yesterday, Lysa?
It wasn't so much trying as it was just an easy out for all the crimes she committed.
When you say "twin trigger" I hear "free body double".
It uses up all my reserves.
It's more satisfying to play a flawed protagonist, which tends to gravitate to villainy (or get sucked into a black hole).
Hence why tubes is playing Gauss II, I figure.
He's a good fella.
Not a goodfella, as far as I'm aware.
He's not a De Niro. Probably not even a Pesci.
Ape-x predators.
That was the one who killed Rush.
Mama Truman's at it again.
"Industrial fans! My only weakness!"
It's a binary limiter that can be mechanically gated as a "You can hold your breath for Ath or Guts rounds or make an every-round check with increasing DC".
There's definitely play-around, but I worry that it could be too feast or famine (what if, for example, someone wears a gas mask?).
I think we solved the "if they breathe you win" problem with the DC gate, so we can focus on broadening the tools at hand so they're still a threat even when not inhaled.
What kind of smoothie will Kablam! get?
He seems like an Orange Julius kind of guy.
You should help Crest by digging a secret hole and burying her in it so nobody can bother her.
I've been working on it as a thing that new GMs might could use later down the line
But it's been kinda slow going
Aw. Nothing on her power.
It's not supposed to be a link.
There's just an arbitrary numbering system for the cape database.
That's a good idea, Faust.
How would I lose respect? I've never made a good Stranger power in my life.
I think I used that as a Thinker secondary for an NPC in Denver.
My secret is that I save all of my good triggers for my own campaign.
And also I try to stick around and gen for my own, tho there's probably some bias there.
Not I.
Who are you weaving dice for?
Gee, iri.
Things sure are happening.
tob
She had cocaine in Cleveland too
Sure. Give me an hour or so and I'll be free.
gromph
Hey Bel. Are you around?
I was wondering if you would like to resume your session. Sorry for the short notice.
Great! Ping me when you're ready.
It's fine. I was soldering.
Let me know what time is good for you this upcoming weekend, Bel.
Super.
Schuyler Phones In From Hell
Wow, personal attention from the big man himself.
Hey Bel. I'm sorry to say that something came up. My fiancee's Macbook's LCD screen cracked and we're trying to get it fixed.
Spake Zarathustra?
Thanks, Opt, Tell, Dol, for your spotlight reviews! You are swell folks.
It did! It gave me a good idea of certain things I want to focus on in the upcoming sessions.
Yes, it was!
Welcome, CM.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Good morning, all.
G'morn, Lysa. How's it going?
Gravity is a consequence of space-time curvature due to uneven distribution of mass. It can be modeled as a force for most scenarios.
Gravitational acceleration 'g ~= 9.81 m/s/s' is somewhat of a misnomer.
The acceleration induced by gravity is modeled with the falling object's mass relatively infinitesimal compared to Earth's mass, summed with the vector of centrifugal force induced by Earth's rotation.
It's a mass-independent simplification that works for the day-to-day on Earth.
The amount of damage AQ is capable of receiving or dishing out depends only on how fast she is going. Nothing more, nothing less.
If you have a power that makes her go faster, it will help.
And that limitation is just a shard thing (as most limitations are).
Too slow, Claw.
Schuyler's death even came with fireworks.
Belligerent is a good cape name.
1 bitcoin = 5.5k or 5.5k bitcoin = pizza?
I think that the Indianapolis Protectorate had the really bad window screens.
AFAIK the Sicol Bend department just has regular monitors?
Glass windows that can be used as digital displays.
Maybe they're just digital displays that play a camera feed of what's going on outside. Who knows.
Pink doesn't like them.
Morning, ColdGold.
o/
shaker ability: maritime jurisdiction
It's like Seachange
I would like to include a Thinker element here.
Waffling between Blaster and Shaker, but dunno if the happy medium of "nuker" works in this context.
Sure thing.
I think 'collateral damage' is one of the Blaster elements I'd like to leverage.
Let's start with the main bit of the Blaster power and then move towards the Thinker tie-in.
Suppressive fire feels good to me. He's facing down a group of gunmen (cops).
I like 'projectiles mark struck enemies' but I don't know how well that meshes with a power with a theoretically wide spread and high rate of fire.
I like the 'skyfall' Blaster/Shaker implementation.
I like the direction you're headed in, Pink, but can you clarify on the mechanical implementation?
You're going to ruin Charlie Brown's upcoming holidays.
Arcing barrage that fires relatively vertically.
Slings a giant single shot, or can fragment into a "rain of arrows" type deal.
Leaves solid debris.
Hmm.
Just kill all three categories!
(Or incapacitate.)
Area TK soaks into nearby metallics (gun, blood, nails, etc) and can selectively disassemble them into sharp fragments (razor petals, blades, stakes- player's discretion) that can be used as ammunition. Ammo is versatile but spread is wide. Chance for friendly fire. User can clump all available ammo into one large projectile that shatters on impact.
Maybe still need some minor thinker component. Being a metal detector is OK
Can do blood vein tracking like one of the butchers
Otherwise +aim +timing is fine
Ricochet / cascade shot is thematic but dunno about mechanical implementation
But I have to sleep now
Good night
improved reaction time could disassemble incoming bullets
i dunno
gnight
tumbling down tumbling down tumbling down
Hi Dolyn. How did the powergen yesterday go?
I can go back & edit it if you claim now
Morning
I like working with predetermined stuff, but it's definitely a lot different from other TTRPGs I've played.
It's given me the opportunity to play characters I otherwise probably wouldn't have come up with on my own.
"Restrictions breed creativity" or somesuch.
As far as the Phoenix Project system goes, I think that applying it to Wormverse seems pretty fine as is. The class system looks like it might have trouble representing the broad gamut of powers extant in the Wormverse, but it looks more than capable of covering the 'archetypal' ones.
I GMed an intro module at a convention... earlier this summer? It was jarring how different it was from how I usually do my thing.
It's one of those scenarios where mechanics trump narrative by a lot, because you don't know your players.
Tougher to get someone to actually get out there and truly role-play outside of shooting a bugbear in the chest a few times, although it was only one instance that I tried so the sample size is small. Probably didn't help that most of the players were new to the general concept of RPing, anywho.
Drafts are nice to give players a little more agency in picking their powers, but it's a little contrived as a mechanism to pit players against each other.
I like how I did my draft for Indianapolis a lot better than the one I did for Vancouver.
I liked that power.
It was aesthetically pleasing.
Cam hit the nail on the head for me.
What if you kill two people and swap their wallets?
I can chip in for a bit, Chim.
Do you have the vials?
I'm seeing a Thinker primary that feeds information into a Brute power of reactive defenses after observing a target for a sufficient period of time.
Reduce by one step -> reduce by two step -> reduce by three step, and so forth.
I'm wondering if it should be target-based or damage type-based, but I'm leaning towards the former.
Let me think about the Thinker side of things and what kind of data might be acquired, and that might give me a good idea as to where to take the defensive side of it.
I'm doing the secondary vials last.
FWIW, I'm imagining just a scan trinket / cooldown-gated goggle headpiece, though.
Physical stats -> equipment/concealed objects on person -> inventory -> mental stats -> mental state ->  known skills -> powers. Can expend gathered information to inflict morale penalty, apply physical weakness (ignore armor, penalize defensive rolls, etc), reduce known skills, afflict with temporary life flaw, so on.
For the Thinker power.
I don't think that Dashy has the wildcard asterisk functionality.
What's up, Cogo?
People die when they are killed.
Why Do You Deny Cody The Death He Deserves
Phone or PC?
Didn't Corvair have a Mecha Horse?
All I have to say is that the lance should have a rocket booster. Vroom.
you could go the reactor route, and have the horse be the reactor that powers the lance while being a vehicle in its own right
more to the point, what drives this man to ride around and poke people
better question
how much horsepower does it have
One, but it is a very strong horse
I wonder if Gungnir or the dancer and lancer changer would be a good reference here
run someone through, pin them to the wall or floor?
skewer them, carry them on the Lance, fire them off the Lance using some mechanism?
it that rides as one!
All of his house's doors are horse shaped
His cape name? The Neighsayer
mods help i'm being personally attacked
Not Druza's writing, that's for sure!
Heyyyyo!
good snevening
I regret my choice of greeting
Bad snevening
BB is fine, Techno needs more tricks-on-the-fly, less skill emphasis, Spire is great, should add minor addendum that cape self-propel can be performed offensively (launch self at target, wind up punch),  Luminary has a good toolbox but I don't quite get the 'fade' mechanic, Gargoyle is great (exit breaker form when breaker wounds filled?).
I can think of a lot of fun tricks with the pseudo-invuln. The tricks are all combat shenanigans, granted.
A multitrigger, even.
Roll another moderate wound if it comes up heads.
Yes.
I think.
I'll be honest, crit shocks don't come up too often.
OK, yeah, I think Teller is right.
I remember when Anthem crit shocked Anansi and flipped like six heads.
That was a wacky turn of events.
I mean, if you want all critical wounds to essentially read "die immediately", you can totes do that as a GM.
Do what feels right.
Unless you're rocking a campaign roster with some hot and heavy A-class motherfuckers, there's not a pressing need to get too granular with superpowerful damage types and whatnot.
Perimeter's hypercompression ball and your variation thereof?
1 crit = 3 mods, Fulv.
Dunno if that answers your question.
Death sphere is instadeath to non-Brutes.
Versus Brutes, it would probably be like up to 3 Crit Bashes based on contested Brawn/Withstand checks, but... what Tell said.
Mods take longer to heal, I think.
Oh yeah, true.
I think we have a good and respectable gamut of different interpretations of the Brute classification.
Don't sweat the physics too much, Oro. The space whales take care of it for you.
What do you think some good examples of Brutes of every flavor are, PC or NPC?
Golly.
It's a lot tougher to make a good Brute PC than a good Brute PC, I think.
* NPC for the latter
That's a better way of putting it.
I think Capo II would have been a good (if relatively strong) PC power.
Easier to make interesting active suites for most other categories, but yes, generally easier to make good NPC than PC powers.
I like Explosivo's power.
He's got an interesting active suite.
It is a multitrigger suite. His Brute aspect is passive, mostly. Bad example for the discussion at hand.
Gootes, if you will.
D:
PCs only, Lys?
Lensdoc is up there.
Abattoir also died like a chump.
She's relatively new.
Teleporter cloner reminds me of Longinus.
He was a pretty strong PC.
He's a bi-
dammit.
Lilith's matchups are weird because the powers she can duplicate are scanned from capes within a roughly citywide range.
If you want to tackle it from a "Lilith has all Cleveland powers
Oops.
I play WD for that sweet sweet storytelling. Sometime a dope fight is part of that, but it needs some good motivations for the fighting folks to really have the meat I crave.
What campaign(s), out of curiosity?
Doesn't ring a bell to me.
Ah, makes sense.
I guess it would be more accurate to say that the community here has gotten better about it.
The power gen process is pretty opaque when comes to PC power hedonics.
It's only as OK as it is here because of a buttload of trial and error.
Emphasis on buttload of error.
Just happens that we've had a couple of folks here who've been at it for 2+ years and Bow sometimes chimes in to help.
I care about my NPCs.
Only the finest for those good boys.
I used to archive powergens here as a resource but then I got super busy.
I think that Worm is an inherently unbalanced environment, so I don't sweat number three too much.
Oh, yeah. I wouldn't give Lensdoc's power to any pachuco on the street.
I'm spoiled by my players, honestly. I feel like I can really just get out there and do really nutty stuff and they'll roll with it and make it awesome.
For example what Pink said about Thalia really making the best out of Lilith's wacky super random power.
That was definitely all RP and minimal mechanics, so I don't have much room to pontificate on balance and design hedonics and shit.
I just cherry pick players I know I'll have a blast with.
Oh, no, I mean the quality of Lilith's storyline was all due to good RP. The mechanics did not help.
I get carried away sometimes with mechanics.
Oh, definitely. I like my in-depth one on one sessions way too much to take on too many players.
WD was definitely a big change for me. Before then my main fodder was 3-6 person IRL tabletops.
Big fan of the online format now though. Doing stuff in writing is much more my wheelhouse.
I like being able to read old logs. Gives me the warm fuzzies.
Except for the badly written sessions, which give me the cold cringies.
I like how campaigns here have unique story arcs for each character in the same setting that occasionally intertwine and collide.
Sorta Game of Thronesy in that respect. San Raul is a great example.
Best application of PVP in narrative in my books.
Reminds me of forum RPs back in the day.
Probably a lot faster paced.
I'd be too frazzled to resolve player disputes, honestly. I'm just a quiet boy who wants to spin a nice tale one thread at a time.
Do people roll up new capes when their current ones die?
I'm a little curious what the total PC death toll is.
Yeah, you're playing a whole 'nother ballgame.
I couldn't begin to imagine myself in your place.
Heh.
No, it will make me sad.
It stings because powergen can be a very involved process.
Yeah. I see him around every so often.
Recently, I think.
Reminds me that the cape database spreadsheet is in dire need of an update.
Blugh!
What's your favorite cape name?
I like to have discussions about names and what they say about the person who chose them.
I do quite like Figaro.
I agree.
Overall I'm much more fond of my NPC names than my PC names. There's more leeway to play around with them.
Haha, I hadn't thought about that, Pink.
I bet he was. 
Longinus has a neat "villain monologue" moment. Amphetamine Queen's interrogation is a classic.
My favorite NPC names are probably still Pizzicato, Noblesse Oblige, and Treason, but B.F.T. is beginning to hold a special place in my heart.
That was a good one, Pink. I also liked the Lensdoc / Spade interaction, with the calculator dig.
Khandhas's death is pretty solid.
Harmacist is OK as a name. I can do better.
Those were both good fun.
It's the only time I truly feel I kinda nailed the Cauldron feel.
Strat is not only a rich bastard, but a magnificent one at that.
I'm glad you liked it. I woke up at 4AM Kyoto time to run it.
Then I must have gotten our times mixed up.
It would have been late at night for me, then. I'm a dummy.
I just reread that session. I feel like my writing has grown weaker since then.
I need to recoup my mojo.
I'm waiting for Teller to say something like "You needed worthy players," and I fall to my knees, wailing.
Could be worthy something elses.
Ah, that makes sense.
I'm dragging my feet on setting the scene, I think. Need to figure out how to kick the pace up a bit.
Now that the Leviathan event is over and the sessions aren't chronologically gated by a global event it should be easier.
monch.... cronch...
Is my power idea damned to curse this Cauldron gen into nonexistence?
You'd have to ask when Hiero is on, probably.
Is that the Heirloom Tinker capr?
*cape
Neato
Tell me how it goes. I'm curious.
Have you considered perhaps killing him, Mega
I remember the original power from this trigger.
I remember it, I don't have it.
Would prefer to leave it at that until the gen completes.
Snowdrop's archnemesis - Brain Freeze
The first question you want to ask is "what kind of story do I want to tell?"
The answer should fill in some bullet points for the setting, and you can connect the dots from there, and then color in the lines.
I think there should be a finite amount of possessed minions & finite amount of distance minions can travel from master
I'm just spitballing here but how well would using minions to disgorge rabid attack dogs work
Can minions phase through obstacles? Eat an ally, assist them in infiltration
I like the utility of it, can think of lots of shenanigans
Any size limit on things minion can eat? Car too big?
Have minions eat beehive.
Minions float in and steal an object, people scrunch up their ears at the annoying sound and can't do anything to stop the minion as it floats away?
Besides, IDK, dropping a big airtight jar on the minion
Any tether range, do you think?
I'm in favor of one
Also any additional sensory input from minion, if any
Could do a "if you eat a person you can kinda see through where their eyes would be, hear through their ears, but it's quite staticky"
I'm in favor of possessed minion cap, m'self
My main thingarino with this is that if you have no minion cap you can just gobble up some dude and never let him out ever
Sure, but if there's a minion cap then you have a finite amount of "jail cells"
So if there are more than X people you want to put in the Annoying Noise Ghost Slammer then you gotta let 'em out
It's pretty strong, like you can grab a dude, monch them up, and then unload them into a closet full of knives or a pit about to be filled with drying concrete
I'm just poking around at ways someone with this power could potentially be a Dreadfully Potent Dude
Which is cool if that's what you're going for, though mebbe some degree of interactivity for the folks getting eaten by the ghosts would be neat (outside of the sequential few save-or-dies)
I mean, the incentive is the unwritten rules, but my question is if the power is OP enough to let the cape guffaw in the face of the unwritten rules for long enough
(I assume if the Master is killed the minions auto-disgorge? How about knocked unconscious?)
I think there's some fun to be had with the power. I'd try to roll with it as a hero, given the chance
But as-is I'd be wary about who I'd give it to, lest they Eat The Whole Town
having a decaying strength on the possession bindings could be a thing, if you want to add some sort of soft ceiling on time
It's about that time of year, innit.
I need to round some folks up for an OTGW party and try out my pumpkin cheesecake recipe.
Can someone jog my memory on this one - was there a Shield brute that had reactive concussive force every time their shield was struck floating around somewhere as a PC or NPC?
Feels vaguely familiar
Distant past
I want to say "cymbal" themed
Floating shield
Wonder why there's no pyrokinetic under that name.
Probably the R Kelly jokes.
I've imploded a lot of oneshots
I remember Stormchaser had a personal shield that charged up a lightning blaster ability when it took hits
That explains it
What was their cape name?
Ah! I remember that now.
Was for the Malfire jailbreaking Booty Shorts scene
Why would you sell Melange figurines when you can build one yourself off of some freshly minted theater detritus?
It's stimulating for the imaginations of the children of Sicol.
Melange in multiple editions! Landfill Melange! Derelict Building Melange! Auto Junkyard Melange! Collapsed Mine Melange! Sewer Fatberg Melange!
Stay tuned for our newest Melange... Dismantled MRI Machine Melange!
Gareau is a grovelling flunkie.
Hire me as your PR manager and fire her.
I am an excellent PR person.
Didn't you just see all of my dope ass Melange marketing ideas?
I am planning on running a session later today.
Heyo, Meg.
The technological means to track her exists, but she also has ripped said means out of her body once already.
You know, I've never thought about it.
 Many thanks for the session, tubes and lysa.
When all goes awry, remember the Acid Sarcophagus Gambit. It never lets you down.
The "like it wants to sell him drink mix" is pure gold.
Group WD irl is a lot less narrative focused and more scenario focused
At least from my experience
01:54 <Nonagon> they all look the same to me.
No! That's Deep-Six's philosophy!
Slippery fucking slope, sir!
[Jan 10 18:44:15] <Antioch> Except for Vern, who has a weird sleeping schedule and lives in a ratty goblin nest built into the crumbling remains of the Berlin Wall. || [Jan 10 18:44:21] <Mari|GM> yeah vern is weird (at line 479)
Witnessed.
Mutation type is generally a function of vial selection
What aspects are you planning on genning first?
Cat Scratch Fever
Alas.
Hey Nick.
I'm not planning for any today.
I need to get back in gear, but crunch time for 3 different projects.
Odd. I think they'd get along.
Marigold:
project doc in topic is gone now
find a PHO log from a campaign that has them (detroit/sicol/norwalk) and copy
more luck, less broken
yeah
there's been some stiff competition for best cape names ever during your absence
wednesday is a maybe, thursday is a certainly
3pm your time ish
campaign teller is running after grantsville
one of the sicol bend NPCs goes by Ghetto G-sus
it's possible
i'm a little slow of mind as of late so no other names i like are springing to mind
oh yeah. pain train was a cape name
i'm sure it was your fault somehow
"what if it was reverse psychology" - the collective id of spacebattles forum posters
this is a kangaroo court
you're a kangaroo
i feel like i've done this before. make sure you register the channel so i don't have to again
it was for #pactidcerefuge, right?
* #pactdicerefuge
type /cs register #channelname
your nick has to be registered
yeah, i've opped you in there before
I still default to assuming I'm one of the younger members of chat, but I worry it's no longer the case.
Hey Cogo. I'm ready whenever you are.
No rush.
Roger that.
Thanks for the session, ColdGold. I really appreciate it.
Feels like it's been a while since I played WD, so it feels good. I'm hoping to get back into the GM groove once my finals/projects are over.
This semester has been something of a bear.
Oh, definitely. Dialogue is one of my favorite parts.
I need to come up with a middle name for my San Raul character.
It needs to have a U in it.
Ulysses could work.
I just need a U in there to anagram it 'I am Lord Voldemort' style.
Morning, all.
Who's running Denver?
Hi Thrair. Nice to have you.
The Stranger who can steal people's faces / personalities.
They only appeared once in DuBois's first session.
I honestly can't say what's up with them in a broad sense, but my best guess is that every identity they steal leaves a residual imprint, so their sense of self is probably distorted to some extent.
I turned them down, so I'm curious how close my guess was, if it ends up not being relevant.
Plot twist: Cavalier was just Ko in disguise all along.
Yes.
One of their propositions were to masquerade as a reformed aerokinetic criminal as the cape coming into town with me while doing Stranger stuff in the background.
But that would necessitate people thinking that I would bring in a shitty former criminal wind cape that doesn't have any meaningful skillset towards tackling a problem that requires espionage and subterfuge.
So I guess it would work with the "make them think I'm a goddamn idiot" ploy.
Here are the logs, Iri.
I was disappointed in Cavalier because he doesn't ride a horse.
I'm interested to hear what you guys would have gone with, cape-picks wise.
There's an ongoing game in #WDSicolBend (spectate only, please - no posts), but it's a continuation of a past session and may require some context.
We have multiple campaigns that are 'active' - that is, they've seen play within the past month.
I have a couple of academic things on my plate right now, unfortunately.
Trust me, I'd love to run a game right about now.
Yes. Definitely two. No other games than that, no sir
Only two games which are both non-aborted non-failures that didn't collapse due to my own hubris.
Most campaigns here are done as a sequence of one-on-one sessions, which has its pros and cons.
I don't think folks here want to hear about your freakish masochistic urges, Bel.
Surely not.
Scheduling is much easier for one-on-one, for sure.
I didn't run the first three-person session, Bel. Tried to remember a counterexample.
Backlash Omen Verdict in Detroit.
Depends a lot on the GM, Thrair.
The two mechanically crunchiest things in the system are combat and representation of unique powers.
From my perspective, at least.
The character generation process is also reasonably well-codified.
yes. The instances where you have agency over your power are purchasing a cauldron vial or participating in a draft.
I am usually amenable to those things.
if a player has a specific narrative in mind for their character arc, then I am generally happy to accommodate.
because of not being able to pick, I have had many interesting experiences playing characters that I otherwise would not have been able to conceive of on my own.
Kaf?
I see. Kaf (Kaph) is the name of one of my Pact Dice characters.
Evening, all.
People call me that sometimes.
Not too much. An exhausting day.
Hmm. I like 'Terrarium' as a cape name.
Morning, all.
Not that I'm aware of.
Hey Nick.
It looks like there's an Auterville session ongoing. No other plans that I'm aware of.
I broke my femur in 6th grade, and shock did set in pretty quick for me. It wore off after 3-5 minutes though (my perception of time then was probably not too accurate).
If you need a sculpture made by a metal Tinker for an art heist, I have some I can give you.
Haha, no, it's fine. I was going to suggest some of his stuff for fun.
He's the guy who made the pregens, so yes.
Geez. I had to pick up some Mucinex at the pharmacy today and all I could think of was Snapper saying "Guy Finessing".
Afternoon, Tell.
Snapper's "Guy Finessing" is a mispronunciation of "guaifenesin", the active ingredient expectorant in Mucinex.
It was mentioned briefly when Snapper and Zack went to Wal-Mart.
Hey Pelt.
I know ATM nipped out yesterday night about 11-ish hours ago.
Mebuh.
I have a handful I can throw your way once I am done working.
I had a minor NPC with a riff off of that power.
You keep irregular hours, Thal.
Hi Sapphyre. Let me know when you're looking for help. Good luck with Denver (?).
Doing good. Having tacos & chicken pot pie.
Morning, all.
Skills do not additively modify rolls.
Let's say Diesel makes a Brawl roll, punching a foe with a mechanical fist.
His Brawn is a 6, and his Brawl skill is a 3.
The rulebook indicates specific benefits for each rank of the Brawl skill.
Let me look it up.
Here is the relevant link.
Thanks, Thal.
Hence, he rolls an additional die and chooses the highest, OR rolls a 1d8 rather than a 1d6, with relevant Brawn modifiers.
No harder than the implementation of Exalted 3 charms, I would imagine.
Moreso volume of work to be done than complexity, I get you.
I don't believe it does anymore.
Afternoon, everyone.
The semester is close to over. I'm looking forward to GMing again.
The second week of December.
Good luck, Chris.
None that I'm aware of.
don't cry
don't raise your eye
Evening, all. I had some downtime today, and I was able to do some housekeeping to get ready to start GMing again.
Half of the Indianapolis session backlog is cleaned and posted.
I'm also prodding at a campaign PHO hub.
Yeah, that sounds good, Pink. My schedule is busy up until December 10th, however. My pockets of free time are unpredictable and rare.
Thanks to Teller for the 'bifurcated session' format that I used for #17, and thanks to Lysa for the PHO board page I used as a baseline.
This is still very WIP, but let me know if there's anything in here that you think could be improved.
Hey, Bel. I have uploaded Arcs 19 and 20 of the Cleveland logs. Sorry about that. I must have forgotten way back when.
The Arc 20 logs still need cleaning up now at least they're online.
Tomorrow I'll update the 'Know Where You Live' section with new / deceased capes.
I'm excited to see Mx. Valentine's power in action.
It's still WIP.
My mind jumps to "Melange with a core". Elemental twist makes it interesting.
Saps environment of temperature and moisture, forms a frost/crystalline body. Fragile but sharp, fragments into LoS obscuring effect upon damage, afflicts foes struck with frost debuff.
The hand thing sounds like something Manton restrictions wouldn't allow. If the element in question was metal/scrap or the Breaker was magnetism-themed, the bullet seems fine. Being invulnerable to firearms isn't the worst thing you can give a cape.
Build-your-own shitty teracotta army sounds entertaining. Would be interesting, might not be great for a player power in terms of keeping track of a lot of stuff.
Body mass as an accruable / expendable resource sounds fun.
Passive accrual is not too interactive for the character. Would feel better about gathering mass as cape spends turns smashing the environment and creating rubble.
Could collect rock / earth, be magma-themed. Plenty of different ways to go about it.
@ tubes - the Indianapolis 'Deceased' page is now complete and is publically viewable.
What's this trigger for?
Gotcha. For the future, would you mind using the $used function, rather than the $trigger function? We try to keep triggers for new powers fresh, so that people can contribute to them without prior bias.
No worries.
Sure. There's no rush. I'll hold off on that until closer, honestly, per the laws of Conservation of Hype.
I'm relatively quick with character sheets, and I enjoy working on the fly.
List of trigger events has been replenished to 100 for the month of December.
For those interested, rows 84-100 are the newly added triggers.
Your ice pick lobotomy trigger was accepted.
Best of luck.
Oh - the 'Know Where You Live' segment of Indianapolis has been updated with new information and new capes.
Afternoon, all.
Thank you for the 'bifurcated' session concept and template, Teller. It has been very useful to me.
For those of you who missed the announcement yesterday because I did it at midnight, the trigger document has been replenished to a full 100 triggers.
Triggers 84-100 are new additions.
I mulled it over for a few hours yesterday, and it seems to be the best available solution for concurrent events that converge.
An anchor hyperlink to return the reader to the top of the bifurcation might help with the flow.
I am available from Dec. 10 onwards, Cogo.
Hey, Tell, would it be possible to acquire the classification percentages of claimed triggers and categorize them into the 12 classes, then create a $markov function intended to generate a trigger of a specific classification?
I was looking at the classification-themed madlibs functions and wondering what a good way to add on to them would be.
He's gone on to that great jacuzzi in the sky.
Hopefully by January? I'm intending to do a lot of catch-up in WD over the winter break.
Good evening, all.
Anything interesting happens today?
*happen
I have some trouble with grab-bags, but I think I try too hard in making the disparate powers riff off each other / synergize / operate cohesively.
My favorite implementation of a WD PC grab-bag is probably Explosivo. The individual powers interconnect well. The Shaker detonations inform the Mover mobility, the resistance to detonations/damage informs the Brute durability, et cetera.
Evening, all.
How's it going?
Just checked, Teller. I do not.
Dang it, Maz
You should update it
It's nice to have
Good evening, everybody. 🎶🎺🐁🎵
How's it going?
I'm doing alright. Procuring dinner today was a lot harder than it should have been.
My card was declined because a hold was placed on it after I did some shopping out-of-state this weekend.
Is that a good corner, or a bad corner?
Aww.
I don't want to live in a world where the profession of dentistry is considered best anything.
Having healthy teeth is a sucker's game.
Aliyah Truman = Crest = Lacrimosa
Betrayed the Wolves, changed her identity, attempted to join The Keepers, joined Zenith, was then placed under protective custody at the PRT, then escaped during the fire, is now w/ the Cotton Candy twins.
She can turn into fire and melt things into weapons and can do cool ninja flips and shit.
She is connected to Aliyah's mom in some manner.
She is assumed to have triggered immediately prior to / during the Culverin vs. Ravel patrol incident.
Non probably has better / more detailed notes.
Who, Crest?
She joined the Wolves as Lacrimosa, then betrayed them for monetary / family reasons.
Then she attempted to join the Keepers, was declined, joined Zenith, was kidnapped by the Brotherhood following a bank robbery, and was 'gifted' to the Keepers for a time.
She was remanded to protective custody by the PRT after their investigation into the Keepers turned up a drunken Abby in poor living conditions.
Then Ember attacked the PRT base while the Salt twins were there, during which Crest flew up and escaped while leaking black fluid.
After speaking with the Salt twins, she left, got cleaned up, and is now 'Vitani'.
She has so many aliases.
Six shots...
This is a gen for tubes's Rolla one-shot?
In an hour.
Sorry about the delay. I'm available to assist with gen now, ColdGold and tubes.
Skulk breaker
Let me get my thoughts together
Would anyone on be available to assist with a $trigger power gen?
Awesome, thanks.
It's tubes' call.
I'm alright with rerolling.
Alright.
This power is pretty awesome. Thanks, ColdGold.
I prefer Beat of the Rising Sun or Fastway's Number One.
Good afternoon.
19:30 <Enneagon> ... (... Princex Boring Stranger) ...
Savage.
Ah, thought it was a dig at Prince Charming and his persona / TV show.
Hey, Sapphyre. How's Denver coming along?
Fantastic! Let me know if you need any help.
Looks good! Would you like some assistance with formatting?
I'm also happy to help you with any NPCs that you feel your setting may require.
Drop me a ping if you need assistance with powergen. I'll be considerably more free than my usual after 6PM CST tomorrow.
Alright, Sapphyre, I've made a few aesthetic alterations to the formatting of your Denver document. If you decide you want some of the placeholder NPC slots filled out, let me know. I'm compiling accelerometer data right now, so my attention is not particularly taxed.
I've made mention of Denver in some of my prior campaigns, and would also be glad to loan you capes from those scenarios, if you're interested.
I don't generally stat out my NPCs until it's needed.
No problem. I'm happy to help.
I'm thinking about writing a quick "How to Handle NPC Tinkers With The Least Amount of Prep Work" primer sometime over winter break.
What are some NPC Tinkers of mine that would be good examples?
Yes.
Not all of them are important, though.
!search cultivate
The brooty, if you will.
I can assist.
Oh that reminds me @ColdGold and @tubes did we claim those Dallas triggers from the other day
Let's remember to do that after this gen
Breaker Brute with a tinge of the funky immortal shit because they're actively trying to die and triggering because they can't
I'm not sure if the breaker form should be incorporeal or not but there's a secondary theme of asphyxia
"Breath" is something I'd want to emphasize both in the choking and relief
There's no trigger shame in being caught but being caught means that they're going to be saved and prevented from committing suicide again
Tertiary vacuum / implosion as things I could leverage here
If resurrection is a thing, which I'm not against, it should be a facet of the Breaker package, which is totes doable (e.g. Night Hag)\
His job is to remind us with steadily increasing vitriol as time goes by, not actually do it.
The Incredible Carbon Monoxide Ghost
I like the theme of it, definitely. Just gotta make sure that other people can interact with it meaningfully, and what restrictions / limitations the Breaker transformation has
Good evening, Weaverdice.
Not by the usual definition, no. I can't think of a better word off the top of my head, though.
Good pre-dawn, Weaverdice.
Morning, all.
Not too much. I'm preemptively wrapping up a research paper that's due this evening.
Generally speaking, I'd agree with you, but my track record has me doing things closer to T-2 hours to the deadline in most circumstances.
I think it was the juxtaposition of White Castle and "haw".
Not yet, but as of today my schedule got a lot clearer.
Who doesn't like sweet armor, really?
Candyshell Brute.
Melts in your mouth, not in high-temperature pyrokinetic blasts.
Afternoon, all.
My fall semester is over, so I'm able to resume GMing.
Players of mine, let me know about your imminent availabilities.
Pretty solid.
Is said character coincidentally a drifter of some kind?
Savage.
@ Pinkhair - Coy's name in Chinese roughly translates to "shy koi", or "coy koi". 
Pick a day, sir, any day.
By Jove, he's got it.
Let's plan for Thursday evening, Bel.
Ping me at your leisure any time to begin your session, ColdGold.
I will be able to continue the session onto Friday as pacing dictates, up until roughly 5:30 PM.
You will be after Thalia's.
I would like to finish Cleveland over winter break, but I'll need to refresh myself on my notes and get it roughly sketched out as far as session scheduling and storyboarding goes.
So... I'm planning on planning it, I guess is the short answer.
Expect more news within the week.
Doesn't ring a bell for me.
Good afternoon.
Yeah.
Fantastic. Let me get lunch and head into the lab. 
Wagh. Gotta knock the rust off.
The last couple of things I wrote were research papers so I have to kind of shift gears in terms of composition.
<Antioch> Or me kicking them in the nads
What's the context of that quote? It sounds like something I would say, but I don't remember why.
<Antioch> So challenges break down into a dichotomy of them kicking ass because they're in a situation where they can use their four pips of Brawl
<Antioch> Or me kicking them in the nads after I trip them because they have no pips in one of the many other skills that they didn't take
Ah, yes, I remember that.
Teller don't play.
Protoplasm Parasite Changer/Master sub-Thinker
The ol' trunkarooni.
A year is a little short for a Tinker trigger, I think.
You know those joke cans of peanuts that have a snake bounce out when you open them?
That, but instead of snakes, it's centipedes, and instead of joke cans, it's Changer-modified pores. The centipedes never come out all the way, they just bite and cling.
Sweattipede
I did plan on it, but I'm being dragged to see Star Wars 8. Sorry. :(
Does tomorrow work for you?
OK, awesome.
Great. Let me finish up this thing I'm working on and I'll be good to go.
Indianapolis is stolen from Sicol Bend, so it's all good.
sweattipedes
"I'm Mr Meeseeks, look at me!"
Good afternoon.
Did the Tinker table I sent you suffice? It was tougher than I expected.
Glad to hear.
16:19 <Pink> so they can have a stinker table
Caitiff has one.
Sure.
CoalGold
PinKrampus
You ever come up with a really good line that speaks volumes about the person saying it, but don't have a character of the right sort to say that line, and as such, are compelled to make said character?
Yo
Hello Indianapolis players. Please let me know when a good time for a session for you is. Thanks and happy holidays.
Sounds good, thank you.
Nick, you? I would prefer if you and Thalia had a "Interstice and Cassie React to Leviathan" scene to start things off, but it's not needed. Would do well in setting the initial tone, however.
Here is the list of deceased, Pink.
Today is... Tuesday?
Days of the week tend to lose meaning for me on the holidays.
I see it as more of a Thinker sub-Shaker, I think.
Would touch on themes first, maybe.
Increasing weight, mounting pressure, repetition, work and overwork, prescription, sleep
Wakefulness, work, performance, side effects, denial, stubbornness
I'm thinking along the lines of Auger and Brainfreeze, who have similar triggers, but they're NPCs with powers that boil down to "near ppl dumb, u smort", so I definitely prefer something with a little more pizzazz that emphasizes some of the themes mentioned above.
I'm not too inclined to go Tinker on this, though it's colored by the impression that I think there's already one Tinker PC in BlueRose's campaign, and diversity is nice.
Mm, good line of thinking. I would love for this power to have a major Master bent.
Persistent mental pressure seems a bit pat, but OK as a starting point.
Good afternoon.
Thanks ColdGold.
It's relatively well-known that Quaff imbuements are temporary, so stalling for time against any imbiber is a very valid tactic.
Mixing in one or two real capes in that number does alleviate that issue, definitely.
The point is that Quaff is a menace that is contributing to the downfall of society and needs to be stopped.
Is setting up an actual soda machine difficult? I'm uneducated about these things.
Makes sense.
Setting as in Indy or Wormverse?
I think Quaff sidesteps that comparison - most people would assume the cost paid is the exorbitant sum, rather than any aftereffects / control, and the powers are temporary rather than permanent.
People are getting robbed on the way in / out.
Which leads back to the 'how the hell are they operating?' question again <Antioch|GM> People are getting robbed on the way in / out.
You gotta understand, Quaff has been on and off open for... five days, I think, bearing current timeline in mind.
I probably wouldn't, unfortunately.
I think that actually having a trigger is important if someone is rolling to trigger. I would be glad to have it as a draft option though. It would be an interesting dynamic.
Your kid brother triggers as a Tinker and he gets you to wear all the shit he makes because you're the varsity linebacker and his tech is momentum/impact based, and so on.
Would definitely be interested in having some sort of that thing as a future draft option.
That seems enjoyable.
It's OK. I'll fix San Raul and we can do the new thing.
I would still have players roll luck, but have luck be one of the bidding factors if you're doing it Pact Dice style v
*.
Dennis from Indianapolis vs. Dennis from Always Sunny.
Hey, Macaw.
is this the "this knife of mine has a deadly sting / i shouldn't have licked it" scene
good
When I GM with a focus on die rolling I feel like I'm either putting players in situations where they can use an applicable skill and it'll work out good for them or a situation where their skills are all useless and I just shit relentlessly on them
Powers and creative thinking can close the gap, but I do wish players had a broader allowance of skill-selection
A one-eyed man in a world of blind men is overpowered
The analogy is a little thin but the word does work, though I'm sure that there's a better word to choose from out there
Fair enough.
Man, I was just rereading the Balagan gen because ColdGold was using that system.
Forgot how neato the Narcoleth / Incubus Generator plot hook was.
Definitely want to use that at some point.
Chronically neglected kid of a single alcoholic dad triggers as a Tinker, crams Dad into a bacta tank of Tinker booze, and uses the tank as the power source to a device that traps all who fall asleep within a certain radius in a Tinker-induced nightmare. A handful of days pass, authorities take notice, and victims are taken to the hospital (notwithstanding the ones who have already died of dehydration, renal failure, embolism).
One of the victims triggers upon realizing they've been placed on life support, and will continue to suffer indefinitely.
I was working with the Lumina tinker archetype at the time and was considering scenarios with that type of power that could go wrong in an interesting way that could drive a narrative.
Playing a superhero themed escape room today. Should be neat.
16:00 <pinkmobile> Because if a guy named after luke skywalker runs around with two robot minions
Are you implying that Leah's brother is ROBOGOD?
16:00 <Megafire> So, how did her shopping trip end, Anti?
Her mother purchased too much makeup.
We won the escape room and got the high score. Hooray!
By the by, Mega, I am gonna finish Cleveland this upcoming month. Let's talk scheduling at some point.
Also might put out a "behind the scenes" thing that'll basically be my GM notes tidied up somewhat.
And some WoG type stuff about questions that were left unanswered in the narrative.
Would be entertaining, but ROBOGOD is Jared Tompkins, not Luke Morgan.
Is there baggage regarding that surname that I'm unaware of?
I see.
They aren't as impressive as you think, I'm sure.
I will probably be able to confirm or deny your various conspiracy theories, Mega.
That'll be covered in the narrative.
Thalia's upcoming session should provide a portion of the details.
16:55 <Megafire> Fucking Lionheart actually gives money to homeless people.
So they can buy Coat of Arms' illicit drugs.
Reaganomics baybeee
I admit I know very little about Reagan
It just seemed like the Thing To Say.
I'm glad you're enjoying Indianapolis. Hoping to hear your conspiracy theories for a new setting.
Did you read the Queen timeskip, Mega?
I think you'd enjoy it. One moment as I find the link.
I like Lapse. She was cool. Sad she showed up once and died.
It would be neat to have a first person perspective narrative of PRT boot camp and related education.
when will shades dir
die
must mean you're not cool enough
🕶
I mean, I /am/
Oh?
What game? Were the names PCs or NPCs?
Neat.
there are losers and weiners
The Indy draft was an excuse for me to get my players into specific roles
i like drafts because i can guarantee my character gets flaws
Negafire
it’s not about length, it’s about girth
shouldn’t that be brrr rather than grr?
super
gimme a mo’
Bel and ColdGold gimme a sec. Hashing out some financials.
Indy2 also happening for Bel
"why hack your own life when you can hack god himself" - longinus probably
Yes. Day before.
Skeletontight
ten hunnid
Night, all.
Whose?
Not yet. He's slated for mid-January.
He'll be giving an end-of-semester presentation on a parahuman-related literature review for journal submission, as his final grade in his summer PARA383 course.
If he doesn't drop out after triggering I have a fun set of fall semester courses that might feasibly in a Parahuman Sciences bachelor's degree curriculum.
Faust's session will be later too. He's honeymooning at the moment.
I'm wondering if the college has a co-op program that allows undergrad students to intern for cape-related professions.
Would be a good way to tie in a PRT internship, or similar with Bel's news crew, or tubes' new hero group, or a PC perspective on SPEC.
The backstory to Cleveland involved having Iron Will dispatched to Indianapolis to respond to that particular threat.
You need a class 4A certification to use a laser cutting saw.
Nah. The laser cutter has its own enclosure.
Oh, like an Instron test frame?
I have a few of those in the auxiliary lab.
Dunno how many kips it goes up to.
If Cwn doesn't survive to the end of Cleveland, does that mean Bath Boy lives?
Nick, kill her.
Replace her with a rat Cwn. Nobody will know.
Does dibs work if nobody hears you call it?
I don't know if I ever formatted it.
It's somewhere, probably.
"bloo hoo hoo, i want to kill," - rat cwn
By making a devil with a deal.
Let me know when you finish the Lapse arc.
I liked that character.
Lapse and Shades' dialogue and some random capes were my contributions to the narrative. The rest was Saff.
You can stuff her into a locker to assert your dominance.
!pouZ is the demon from Pact, isn’t he?
!pouZ is a cursed name.
Better, I hope
Missing context but that thing I did could have gone a /lot/ cleaner
I have a better idea for next time
Most definitely
Hrm, tough to articulate
Easier to just show you the new version when it comes
Could probably ship you my notes in advance
Cogo might could benefit
That’s the baseline of what I wanna keep
Will expand on that shortly I think
it's always a learning process, haha
i've done a couple of different drafts and i try to polish things up every time
can you clarify on the trigger picking vs. genned powers?
i feel like i still gotta go with the former because giving people the option to outright pick a power they want isn't as fun
for me as a GM
aw, darn you, send with style
auto italics
there we go
Glad you liked it, Mega.
Paging tubes, Bel, and/or ColdGold. Ready for an Indianapolis session?
Nick and Thalia, will roughly 5 hours from now work as a starting time?
Let’s head to #WDIndianapolis, tubes.
Same day you woke up from the hospital. Roughly two hour timeskip from when we left off.
Yes ma’am.
The designer for the costume, my bad. Let me go back and fix.
Hey Megafire.
I should be uploading the remainder of the Indianapolis logs today.
I am running Gauss.
Certainly. So 40 minutes from now?
Yeah, that works for me. Give me just a moment, Bel. You’ll be in #WDIndianapolis2.
Hey Lysa. Will Monday evening work for your session, or will you have New Year’s plans?
Great!
"We must drive capitalism to be more cruel and unethical, thus increasing the amount of capes."
I don't know, but it was the first generic rock radio station song to come to mind, so that attests to its popularity.
Ah, Bel makes a good point.
It'll be one of those things like in Ippo where you keep getting up after getting the shit kicked out of you only to realize that you've received permanent brain damage from the constant barrage of heavy injuries.
Hello all, Indianapolis logs have been updated. 
Almost done with the full backlog, but for now, some new stuff is up.
Namely the Leviathan fight.
Comment that rectified that post was gobbled up by the log formatter
I noticed that too
'tis ok. I'll fix.
Fixed it, Megafire.
The session is incomplete, do note. Hope to wrap it up with Cogo within the next few days.
I had a Thinker going by that name once.
I think he was a Borgata throwaway that was offhandedly mentioned in Cleveland once or twice.
I'm pretty happy with the assorted mix of cape names I added to the Leviathan fight cast list. Some are fun.
On the bright side, Bel, now you know that you'd be an excellent alcoholic and information broker.
I was expecting a "well, I know the first part already".
Heh.
OK, logs are up to date. Will add Gauss's session today once it's done.
They both end in 'mis'.
Yay. Hop into #WDIndianapolis2 please, Thalia and Nick.
Sanderson Parahuman Enforcement Corporation
Acronym, maybe?
They subcontract to insurance companies that have parahuman claims divisions as the primary source of their income.
They are, yeah. Will be covered later as to why if we ever get a player perspective of SPEC
Oh, Mega, here you go
He left the city after Arc 9 like a sensible vermin.
Does vermin work as a singular?
Is there a singular form of vermin?
Vermone.
If you have any questions about NPC capes and their powers I can try to elaborate.
Will do so in the doc.
Is Hana's next fic going to be 'Lilith Impales Long-anus'?
Yes, they are.
Hey, ColdGold, I'm ready to resume (and ideally complete) your Indianapolis session.
Why do you need two channels? Greedy. :(
Looks like you're pretty tall, Nick|Cassie.
Good job.
get that booty to work for him
That was Schuyler for me, haha.
RIP.
That was a really good insight to the unwritten rules, CG.
I like it.
Oh, you ruined it with the dismembering suggestion.
Oh, just breaking legs/arms
That makes more sense, it's my fault for immediately jumping towards dismemberment
I'm a dismembering sort of guy, y'see
Bread Smell grants the imbiber the power to generate a viscous slime that can be thrown and crystallized into a jagged mineral.
Dennis explicitly states that it don't smell like no bread.
Though he doesn't say what it /does/ smell like.
!addquote <Antioch|GM> I'm a dismembering sort of guy, y'see
I'm more partial to Weenage Tasteland, personally.
Credit to Saff for Bread Smell. She assisted with some Quaff names.
Ha, I like that.
That works.
Okay, I like that one. Thank you.
And then make Nick design the whole website!
It'll help get into character
I opened the page in regular google docs and looked really quick and then closed it.
Whoo, that was a good session, CG|Anansi.
I'm hype to see what you do next.
There's the session, iri.
I had him in my head as a bit over 9 feet.
His fingers look like toes and I hate it.
Hoopa Unbound looks scary. I don't like 'em.
Thanks for the session, Nick and Thalia!
Assuming generic, 'flesh-and-blood' dragon with fire leaning, creates an upward-shooting swathe of flame, dragon appears in there after the flame dies down.
Could make ice which shatters into a dragon sculpture, for the glass option
Stone, dragon could glorp out of nearby concrete/asphalt/whatever
Could be a protracted/telegraphed 'it's rising out of the earth' deal
Out of combat thing could be nice as like a 'sculpting' thing then. Like Cantus Aureus style melting earth and stone into pottery goop that the cape shapes into a drgon minion
Allows for sort of modular customization for stats/capabilities
Falkor!
Morning.
The Hal’s menu is largely comprised of Protectorate cape sandwiches, with an emphasis on locals. There is a franchise-wide baseline set of sandwiches that are named after prominent A-list heroes.
When a hero is deceased or defects, their sandwich is retired, though in the case of the Triumvirate, theirs remain, due to their being significantly iconic and popular demand.
The Indianapolis downtown franchise is the original restaurant and as such has a wider selection and theoretically has the ingredients to make any known sandwich. Customers who miss a retired special can order off-menu.
Each Indianapolis franchise (there are five) offers sandwiches themed after the local Wards, Protectorate, and SPEC.
That’s your sandwich WoG for today. I have a list of ingredients for most sandwiches, I think
Hurrah.
If you ask me a cape I can probably tell you their sandwich. Don’t ask me why I spent time on this.
The guy is quite powerful.
He has to thrive and get established before people catch wise to his Siberian-esque tactics.
A fnerd, if you will.
The cape has some input, generally.
It depends on how involved they want to be.
He’ll get over it.
More the former than the latter. And they do not.
One day Joyeuse will get a sandwich and they’ll make little shiny disposable swords to hold it together instead of toothpicks.
Lumina will never get a sandwich.
Because nobody wants a sandwich full of cold, badly cooked spaghetti.
Glowing sandwich could just have mayo doped with zinc sulfide particulate
Not sure if toxic
OK. Makes hydrogen sulfide when exposed to stomach acid. Neeeever mind.
Strontium aluminate?
It even has “lumina” in there.
Aw. 
Yeah. Would necessitate a blacklight, but so it goes.
I’ll stick to drinking glowsticks like a regular boy.
It was, Mega.
Gausswich; eating anywhere from 6-12 will make you blow up
The number is different every time
:(
But they’re just salt!
And fluoride is good for your teeth!
I don’t know a lot in that general realm of things, my knowledge is mostly limited to biocompatibility of certain polymers, epoxies, and alloys
Are there biocompatible explosives?
That’s all you need to know, Bel.
Yes.
So must we all.
I don’t. Nick might?
I think he’s moving or something.
And Threaten, I would argue.
Oh, I missed the ball on TV.
Whoops.
It will be soon.
Pink and Lysa today I think. Or was Pink tomorrow?
Why the Bastards, Mega?
Once I’m done making dinner I’ll be good.
Hey, everyone. Apologies for the delay, but I'm gearing up to run Pink and Lysa in #WDIndianapolis and #WDIndianapolis2, respectively.
Ready when you guys are.
Cody is a repulsive geometric shape.
It ain't easy bein' greasy.
21:36 <Mishie> Taking a huge gamble at work to push your plan, but when come push comes to shove she fails incredibly publicly
Oop, sorry for the ping
It's really nice. I enjoyed the opportunity to go there in person.
35 to 1, Bel.
Suit up, Saff.
Would you happen to have Cassie and Interstice’s as well, Nick? Sorry for the trouble.
Thank you, Nick.
Have a rat for your troubles.
You’ll want to watch out for that one.
I miss Caitiff.
Actually the reason it’s bizarre is because I don’t know how jail works. Sorry.
!quote acid
!search acid
!quote 383
!quote 541
Quote 541 - <Antioch> I'm feeling as alive as I did when I doused a man in acid and pushed him out of a tall window in a rickety metal sarcophagus of my own design.
There we go.
For future reference, here's this.
If you look at one of my recent logs I can tell you roughly how many hours it took from start to finish.
I haven't run Cleveland in a bit. Indianapolis sessions would be a little closer to recent.
Uploading a full and two partials in a moment, actually.
I kind of want to host my logs on a personal website at some point.
Log formatter, or his Google Docs reader thing?
I plan on getting a personal website for my professional portfolio regardless.
Too bad my web design skills are sort of pitiful.
Updog looks like a handy host though.
Hey CG. I'm good whenever.
Looks pretty snazzy.
Casey The Spore Child?
What am I, chopped fucking liver?
Don't forget, Saff, she smells nice.
!search smells nice
Aww.
Oh hi, Stoic. I see you around a lot but don't hear you speak too much.
Nice to finally interact with you.
I certainly did.
^
Some of my other characters chew loudly on crinkly plastic to get attention.
I could.
Good afternoon, Weaver Dice.
I will be resuming two Indianapolis sessions momentarily, with Pink in #WDIndianapolis and Saff in #WDIndianapolis2.
See, Cashy loves me
Hey Teller. Glad to see you back.
Saff does not speak for all of us. Treat her as an unsavory outlier.
19:24 <Mega|GM> The line... falls completely flat. Silence lingers for a few seconds, before someone offers a polite cough. You're not sure what side they're on.
When did Silence get there?
:^)
Mutations != Case 53
I like my Case 53. He’s more interesting that he would have been if he was just a dude.
I don’t recall Nyx having retained her memories
“ow i broke my arm. better eat it”
monch monch
[[Lifesign//Graft]] Tinker, Grant indicates minor durability/regeneration - in tandem with Tinker vials re: self-augmentation, Graft tends to manifest as personal biokinesis, allowing for precise self-surgery, implants, and rapid regeneration of surgical wounds. Application indicates aggressive, driven, and focused personality type, indicating Excalibur methodology. Will write up, may be slow as I'm GMing.
Link me, ColdGold? I'll work on it tonight after I finish writing up Thalia's vial power.
Hello, Thalia and BlueRose. Here is the preliminary writeup for the Cauldron power. Apologies for the delay. I will fill out the tables over the weekend, more than likely.
Do let me know what you think. I hope it's suitable.
o/ depicts a person waving.
Shame Blades vs. Blame Shades
Minor updates to Indianapolis Know Where You Live document. Will be uploading cleaned logs tomorrow. And running some, hopefully?
Night, all. See you tomorrow.
Morning, all.
Yep. Thalia is up whenever time allows.
Also up in Indianapolis, though less pressing and more of a half-session.
Hey. Let me know if you have any questions. Be wary of spoilers if you haven't finished the series yet.
Nobody bites here.
Hope you enjoy. There are a lot of RPs in here, but some, if not most, touch on spoilers for the series as a whole.
Huh, it looks like my session pacing got better lately.
They're not stupidly long on average anymore.
I don't know if that's a thing.
They don't drag on forever anymore, at least.
I think using more scene skips has helped.
Sometimes there are scenes that don't lend much, if anything, to action or exposition. There are less of those now. That is generally good, I think.
I would like to update the document containing the list of active campaigns sometime this weekend, but I'll need help to do it.
I've been out of the loop over the past month and don't know what the ongoing campaigns are, outside of the ones that I'm in or have already been keeping up with.
How goes it this morning, Weaver Dice?
Mm, I suppose so. Will defend this semester.
None of that advice sounds particularly applicable.
It wasn’t a very good suggestion. I’m sorry.
Good morning, Cogo, Saff.
I’m not overly concerned. Was just mentioning to Wellwick my approximate timetable for completing this degree.
I heard about your studio recording opportunity, CG (as well as the snippet you’d uploaded to Instagram). Many congratulations.
Thanks, Wick.
Cyborg armies are difficult, Thal. The bespoke nature of prosthesis design means mass-manufacture isn’t the most doable.
Think less highly of me and suggest a cyborg goon squad, next time.
If I ever get the opportunity to, I’ll bear that in mind.
That I’ve already done, Ryk.
I cannot. It would be prohibitively costly.
I primarily work with legs, in any case.
Much of my research in prosthesis machine learning hinges on stance recognition and gait capture methodology, and using the classification algorithms to assemble a predictive library that optimizes stance-to-stance transitions.
The energy consumption of a transfemoral prosthetic is high enough that a taser knee would be wasteful. Maybe in the future, when there is a better torque-to-size ratio for compact motors, or when batteries are more efficient.
It will misinterpret a transition from sitting to standing approximately 0.4% of the time, IIRC.
Misinterpretation doesn’t yield malfunction, granted.
There’s an element of active control, such that the algorithm attempts to predict and account for the user’s intent.
There’s an element of lag in prosthesis that will always fall short of neural response by several orders of magnitude, and predictive control is my approach to addressing that.
A lagless gait synthesis program is my preferred method of ensuring that the limit cycle for an actuated stride sequence is period-2 stable.
Neural interface exists, though invasive surgery, lack of long-term biocompatibility, and signal noise are issues that are the current barriers to feasible prosthetic implementation.
It is. I enjoy working on it.
Everyone’s legs are different so mass-manufacture is a barrier when parts have to be custom, as I mentioned to Thalia earlier. I worked on a modular prosthetic project that attempted to mass-manufacture as many components as possible with a simplified assembly process, but it wasn’t particularly cost-effective.
Sorry for monopolizing the channel discussion. Is there any Weaver Dice planned for today?
Saff, you had an Edmonton session upcoming, if I’m not mistaken?
Enjoy. I still need to catch up with the Edmonton logs. I fell behind last month.
Length and size are only part of the issue. I’ve implemented a similar (albeit cruder – think the extensible part of generic crutches) design in the past and there’s only so far it goes. It’s like pushing down an air bubble only to have it resurface elsewhere – the asymmetries to the healthy opposite leg propagate and the Lyapunov equilibrium region of the gait cycle becomes vanishingly small.
We ought to move this to another channel, though. #roboleg is my usual, I think.
Good morning, Az. I’m looking forward to Edmonton today.
I enjoy Saff’s sessions in general, but I have been enjoying Edmonton sessions as a whole. I need to catch up - I’d lost my progress over December - but I did read Saff’s last, so I should be able to follow along live.
I may have the opportunity to GM something roughly four hours from now.
Good luck! I’m looking forward to it.
A natural one does not automatically fail, nor does it provide some sort of detrimental “fumble/crit-fail” effect. It is just the lowest possible result.
Has Triptych been used as a cape name?
Heya.
There is a “Critical” skill that incorporates critical success as a skill tree.
Part of it relies on the tone of the campaign, I think.
A session is a narrative scene with a beginning and end point. It's easier to pause and resume for one-player sessions, so it happens more often here.
<Antioch> I'm still not fucking over Plump Rat, I will carry that meme with me to my death (at line 176)
I think it’s reasonable to expect at least one where you live, Thal, or at least within a two-hour radius.
<Antoich|GM> A faint rustle to his right makes him start, but after fighting down the panic, he finds the source -- an especially plump rat, lurking behind an overturned sack of garbage. ||
@ vanderhuge - that particular rat was an impostor. Its plumpness was due to it being a surveillance robot stuffed into a rat carcass.
The worth of the plump rat is the nutritious fat that lies beneath. Is an ornate chest not enticing because of the promise of what lies within?
Hi ColdGold and etc. What’s up?
Sure. 
Hi
Hi
Good morning, all.
Daggerfall is a fine cape name, though it may be too pat.
Heh, I just realized that I named a cape 'Welcome to the Jungle' as a side throwaway mention in the Leviathan fight.
Cool.
Lot’s wife.
Nobody responds to any of Saff’s characters’ texts in a timely manner, it seems.
Call him Tom from Toonami
I don’t think so.
It released long after the point of divergence.
Welcome. Let me know if you have any questions or need assistance. 
Good afternoon.
Best of luck with your upcoming campaign, Vander.
Good evening.
Good afternoon.
It is what it is.
I can’t believe you’d stand in the way of a beautiful family reunion.
Uh, Artisan is missing flesh, Siege has extra flesh.
Do some dang math, dummy.
Can a biokinetic cape force their body to produce more serotonin?
I love that flaw.
It’s an awkward balance to strike. I want the conversation to be painful and awkward, to an extent, but I don’t want it to be unpleasant to read or drag on.
VN? I’m not sure I follow.
On that note, when would you like a session, Mishie?
Sure. Just give me two days’ notice.
It’s no big deal.
On a tangentially related note to preferred PC types, I’ve been labelling my NPCs with 3-5 applicable tropes, to see if there are any particular ones that I subconsciously lean on overmuch.
Not yet. It’s a work in progress and slow going, but I’ll post the results when I finish.
I’m trying to implement a weighted scale with a manual input weighting based on the significance of the NPC in my campaign.
I have no doubt I do. I hope that I can improve my writing by becoming more conscious of their usage.
I think I do the same. I try to ensure the presence of token fuckheads to offset.
New theory: Wan is the archetypal useless fuckhead, and the remainder of Sicol Bend must move in the other direction to maintain the average.
I repurposed that vanished PC into an NPC that may make an appearance at some point.
If you are, Jygg, I have some notes lying around for #WDVladivostok. I don’t know how much of it is applicable. It was designed as a ‘cold’ USSR/Yangban fugitive/espionage/political maneuvering game that I never followed through with due to logistical issues.
I can relate.
Good evening.
Anything neat happening tonight?
Ominous.
Welcome, Liz295. Sorry I wasn’t around to greet you earlier. It’s always nice to see a prospective GM.
@ ThalAI - Would you be opposed to a session this evening?
whomst
Sounds about right.
Cool.
Indianapolis today. It’s shorter.
Give me 15 minutes.
I made one for ColdGold once.
They generate projectiles that orbit themselves.
They can serve as a defensive barrier.
I’m hoping to get back into some action, although character building has been fun.
Good evening.
Not too much, at the moment. Finishing dinner.
Afternoon, all.
Are there any Weaver Dice events planned for today?
Unfortunate.
No particular time set in stone. I'd like to run Thalia sometime this week.
25% less sugar? That's remarkably efficient.
Most of my sugar-related tinkerings require a significant amount of energy - most of the designs at present are fueled with a blend of ethanol and high fructose corn syrup.
Oh?
Not up to date, but the above links to a document with links to hub pages (which contain logs and setting information) for most campaigns in Weaver Dice history.
The majority of trigger events are randomly rolled using the $trigger command - you can test this functionality by typing /msg [atm] $trigger.
Certain games instead use drafting procedure to determine player triggers, with each player bidding on triggers or powers (generally the former) with certain abstractions at stake, such as a willing downgrade to the luck roll.
I'm not sure why tubes|Gauss is suited up, but it does remind me that I ought to finish his session sometime soon.
Either Friday or Saturday, ideally.
i like his painting with the garden and the dancing lizards and etc
Afternoon, Tell.
!addquote <Tell> I think retroactive permission is usually called forgiveness.
I realized it was just me walking through a bad-signal area. I’m sorry for my unwarranted prodding.
Back in town from my airport errand.
Welcome, S. Taurus.
I’m sorry, ThalAI. I didn’t know my abusing you took the form of a monogamous relationship.
Definitely not.
To be fair, being "high in coke" implies a state transcending "on coke".
The majority of this chat is in US time zones.
I do. I unfortunately broke my 8" springform pan, so unless you want a baby cheesecake, it'll have to wait.
They were young teens, Saff.
!search ain’t right
!search aint right
Hmm.
My phone has so many different apostrophe options. Accursed.
Sadly, it's an altogether feasible assumption that Artisan has no clue how to do laundry.
I'm imagining him trying to build the ironing / steam press robot from Star Wars VIII with his Tinker power and having it go disastrously.
In which he had a vivid dream, and his spirit animal told him that The Elite might have a job for him, after beating him up and calling him mean names?
I haven’t said that, nor do I recall anyone saying that.
It’s a reasonable aphorism, since a character can only be as wise as their player.
Good afternoon, all.
It's later in the day than I expected. I feel unproductive.
Yeah. Home stretch, kicking it off with Lumina. Should be fun, I've been looking forward to it.
Been trying all day to shake this grogginess, but must've slept funny or something. Only five hours, now I'm trapped in this state of perpetual drowsiness.
Implying that Wink was not the root of problem in the first place.
I had a small note of relevant capes that Lumina could hypothetically use as materials, but my notes are very sparse in terms of mechanics.
The note next to Wink reads 'Sloth Generator'.
While it wasn't my intent, I am imagining a small factory that pops out a sloth every minute or so.
It's aesthetically satisfying to me, in any case.
Yes. I have a session slated for Lumina.
I’ll also be running Lysa in Indianapolis as well.
After dinner, though.
Sorry it’s taking so long. I tried making something new for dinner today.
Sorry for the wait.
It feels good to be doing Cleveland again.
If you need a giant reptile for Vic to fight, Tell, the cape name 'Shockodile' is available.
Poor Kablam!.
I like the guy.
I hope this session isn't too, uh, expository, Thal. Or if my narration is asking too many leading questions.
I doubt there are any significant or lasting ones. Groups of capes above a certain number tend to get volatile.
I'd like to pay a visit to Illegal Town one day, tubes. It sounds like a pleasant place.
Acting as mediators for cape support groups probably isn't the best use of vial capes? I'm not sure. It's probably a good option for some, but I think that 'cape support groups' as a societal concept jives a little less with my mental picture of the Wormverse.
#badlegaladvice is your friend here, I think.
Ah, my bad.
Somewhat. My schedule is somewhat in flux. I doubt I'll be free past 7PM, but before then it's a little grey.
What's your character like, Thrair?
Where do they come from and what are their roots?
I miss Entiendo.
Also, I'm looking forward to interacting with other player characters in San Raul.
Also, I really enjoy writing Tinker technobabble. I'm going to miss the Longinus Plot Device and narrating Lumina's Tinkering sessions when all's said and done.
"[01:36:33] <Antioch|GM> Also, I'm looking forward to interacting with other player characters in San Raul." I can't help but feel a strange connection to you... you remind me of my sister, somehow.
It won't be the same. I'll be all like, "So you toke up and after four hours of just straight blazin' it, you realize that you now hold in your hands a dope-ass gun."
Investigation is picking up clues from the environment and such, while Scrutinize is all focused on people, as far as I'm aware.
We'll see where Lumina ends up after all of this.
Huh. I must have misremembered, then. My bad.
I know that nicks get automatically unregistered after 30 days of disuse, but I don't think that would apply to your case, Non, so I'm a bit perplexed.
Oh, you know what I bet the problem is, Pink/Non?
A handful of IRCcloud users got Z-lined today because DroneBL was being overzealous. There was some fiddling about in serverguts, and some things might have been lost.
Hm. If it wasn't today, then I can't immediately think of any other cause. I'll try and look into it to prevent future occurrences.
Thank you, Faust. I was happy with that one.
I feel like I'm a little better at coming up with names these days. Some of the early Cleveland ones were uninspired.
That conversation we had the other day (yesterday?) made me imagine a multitrigger duo with two Brute powers between them going by Beef Stronganoff and Beef Swellington.
It might be a little over the top, but the mental image is fantastic.
I've been kind of out of it this weekend. Tough to keep track of time when I don't have classes to go to or a schedule to stick to.
Veni, Vidi, and Vici are top tier.
Themed group names are one of the trickier ones to approach.
Shame, that.
Oh, cape group names are tough too.
I think I struggled the most with those, when I was working on the Indianapolis setting.
I should learn how to better incorporate verbal tics into character dialogue.
I'm rereading Thal's previous Cleveland session, and the Longinus monologue really benefits from Longinus sometimes taking a word and repeating a bunch of its synonyms for emphasis.
Wait, is that a thing Mojo Jojo does?
If so, I will roundly mock SOMA the next time I see him.
That's hilarious.
Oh? What was Redcap's?
Is Neverwhere a book by Neil Gaiman?
Oh, interesting. I never noticed.
I gotcha. It sounded familiar, and it's probably on my list of books to read.
I don't know that I consciously have methods for determining the appropriate voice for any given NPC. I'd like to be more conscious of that.
Oh, that's exciting. I'll read them back to back.
Buffy speak?
I do the voice actors thing, but I don't have any specific people in mind. It works better for characters that I can imagine well.
I think my dialogue works for RP-style stuff most of the time, but I haven't really found a voice or set of voices that I'm really happy with, outside of Shades.
I suppose I'm happy enough with Caitiff's dialogue as well. He's easy to write.
It's easier to write for characters without a filter or sense of propriety. Requires less editing.
Restrictions breed creativity, so I'm told.
No problem. I'm sorry it ran so late. Let me know when you're available to continue again.
Not a problem. Get some rest, enjoy tomorrow.
Fair enough.
Good morning, Mega.
I have a gift for you.
It is a portion of a Cleveland session that I ran with Thalia earlier today.
It will end. I am bringing it to its conclusion.
We are on the final arc.
Morning, all.
Good afternoon.
Not too bad.
Not particularly much. I'm in the lab, trying to get some work done and failing for the most part.
Good afternoon.
If I had to communicate that in the field, I'd probably say something to the effect of "breaker: eat mode and spit mode", but that's just my initial thought on the matter.
The PRT probably has existing field protocol for identifying bimodal/multimodal threats.
Thanks, Non. Forgot we had that example.
We've done a lot of different applications of 'chill' over the years. I was happy with the stacking 'frost' debuff that Coldhand's power inflicted.
I imagine Dave would really grow as an NPC in that sort of scenario.
The Pood Beast arc will surely prove to be an exciting portion of the narrative.
Some spells that specify aquatic creatures, which implies an underwater level. :D
Hey ThalAI - resume after work today, if you’re inclined?
I’m told replacing the batteries in those is kind of a bear at times, depending on if the adhesive god smiles on you.
Ready, Thalia.
We've had magical girl themed superheroes in the past, yes?
Wow, good recall, Tell.
I'm not aware of any Discord servers that host WeaverDice games, although there is one where Parahumans / etc. is discussed.
Let me know if you need any assistance with the IRC interface, or any clients and et cetera.
Or if you're interested in perusing logs of extant Weaverdice campaigns.
Let me know if you require links to any particular resource.
There are several example documents outlining the power generation and design process.
Ignore the last one. That was my own, which is unfit for public consumption.
How's everyone doing this evening?
Let me know if you'd like to resume another time, if you need to get some rest. Don't stay up late two nights on my account.
I'm not entirely certain why, but I ended up just never going to sleep the night I ran you and I'm doing alright. It may be the coffee.
I tend to work better at night. It's been a recurring thing lately, but my thesis needs working on in any case.
Having a consistent sleep schedule does wonders. Shame that my mind disagrees.
I was never formally welcomed.
But people know better. :)
Thanks. I wanted to see the document.
I feel as if I’ve seen this document before.
Maybe I worked on the draft of it at some point.
Cool. Nice to acknowledge that my sense of deja vu isn’t unfounded.
A minor point to mention is that sessions are generally done in a one-on-one format here, so the warning for not taking on too many players applies doubly.
I don’t recall. It’s been nearly three years.
Condolences, Non.
Perhaps it had to travel a long distance.
800000-odd meters, if I remember the speed of sound right.
I'm looking forward to my post-GM campaign and the opportunity for players to legacy certain Weaver Dice characters, if feasible.
He is a Tinker, yes.
If Lumina survives Cleveland, I think it'd be quite feasible for her to survive GM.
I believe I'd sketched out April of Y1 in my notes, but that's up to a lot of change. Still need to read more Ward, get a better feel for the taste and texture of the setting.
A lot of the campaign's driving premise is resource scarcity and unfinished infrastructure, so it'll be somewhat early on.
And Norwalk is set in early 2010, IIRC.
Best not to advertise.
Are you referring to Ritic's Sentanta?
Sure thing. We can pause now, I won't muck up your sleep schedule more than I already have. Just let me know when you're next ready.
"You're a good example! A good example of being jerks, that is! Neener neener!"
Sorry, I should have kept it to one neener for the sake of the younger minds in this channel.
11:40 <Bel> Also, dice rolls are routinely stripped from finished logs, so don’t be surprised if you don’t see any.
We keep the die rolls in these days, Bel. You missed the Great Log Formatter Renaissance.
Teruzi, did you mean, "you are like a little baby"?
Hmm, I think there's a good iteration of the traditional meme in this frame of reference.
"Hey man how many years have you been in Weaverdice"
"Haha like two or three my dude"
"You are like a little baby, watch this"
> An entire page of the word 'Sploosh' repeating in different fonts
A lot of my first sessions with a new player act as 'session zeroes' that serve to familiarize myself with the player character, and the player character with the setting.
That said, the campaign never evolves beyond the one-on-one format to a significant degree, and doesn't follow common 'party' formatting standard to traditional TTRPGs, for the most part.
Scheduling is manageable if you weed out potential players that don't have a great deal of free-time overlap with yours.
I believe Bel and Thal are speaking of separate funerals.
One Sq. Fidler's, the other Khandhas'.
For the most part, though there are exceptions to the rule (which are generally up front about it).
Better yet, make up a borough.
There's a loose and unified continuity amongst a handful of campaigns / GMs, but there's no reason to conform to that outside of giving a nod to another campaign you enjoy and want to shout out.
The borough's name is "Reclaimed Jersey".
Actions and setting alterations that cause your setting to diverge from canon aren't some sort of cardinal sin, fwiw. Do whatever that allows you to tell a tale you enjoy telling, and for others to join you in it.
Because by planning for what you least expect, the players will do what you most expect, playing into your hands all along.
I can think of multiple Thalia characters that have had no hand in deaths.
Lumina, Asworstos... I don't think that the Ghost Pupper Master counts, since the deaths were essentially keyed into the trigger.
Jersey City is free and clear.
Do people necessarily have to die upon having their heart removed?
Not all of them, as it happens.
You ought to play more, Mega. Are you concerned about preserving that K:D:A ratio? ;)
For unpowered PCs in WD-canon, I think Dags is there for quantity, though I never bothered to tot up the numbers.
Caramelo is quite up there.
I like Bow's style of GMing in that it pushes me to think beyond my normal constraints within a problem-solving aspect.
Similarly, Tell's Sicol Bend felt like it drove me to greater depth with respect to character growth and development.
*depths
Yes, I do. One moment.
That is all I have.
Charleston, SC?
There's nothing from making an OC city using its geography.
*stopping you
It was Sapphire, Camtist.
Oahu is a campaign that exists, though I don't believe Hawaii as a whole is.
What kind of story are you looking to tell - or what kind of setting do you envision, T?
Nothing there, to the best of my recollection.
Alex.
@Tell - I don't think I can do what you did for Schuyler - there's a certain something in a great deal of his interactions that I'm not sure if I can identify nor replicate that hinges on the depth of his interaction with many NPCs.
But I'll certainly try.
(To implant bombs in March's body, that is.)
The only thing that Austin is known for within the Worm canon is that it's the main manufacturing and distribution hub for containment foam.
Which, in and of itself, is a wonderful plot point.
No existing canon characters are situated there to the best of my recollection.
The syntax is as follows
 /ns register passwordofyourchoice email@address
Canonically, the solvent was designed with an extremely short lifespan.
Not necessarily, Az.
Private key != public key
Maybe not the best analogy, but it was what sprang to mind first.
If I'm remembering correctly, Pelt.
Don't have any citations, but I recall there being a discussion on it at some point.
It makes a good deal of sense, to be fair.
I don't know if the solvent was made in Austin. Just the foam.
I doubt it's the only way to dissolve or destroy super foam, Bel.
Nibble, perhaps.
Hmm. I'm considering the theory in multicomponent 'cryptography' in chemical reactions. Let me try and cough up the following example, which Bel, a Real Chemist, will scoff at.
Assume containment foam solvent is produced as one of the byproducts of the mixtures of an anhydrous component A' and homogeneous liquid component with an extremely fast evaporation time B'.
A' serves as the basis for all A-iterations, B' serves as the basis for all B-iterations.
All A-iterations and B-iterations are delivered at a staggered and alternating biweekly interval to cities with PRT-departments of alphanumeric designation, possibly uninventoried and shipped with generic munitions etc.
Assume that all A-iterations follow the designation A-mn and B-iterations similarly B-mn, where m and n are arbitrary nonzero integers, their range limited by a finite combination of chemical reactions suitable for purposes described below.
Assume iterations delivered via the staggered pattern follow an a unique numerical sequence for each department such that A_ab is followed by B_bx is followed by A_xn and so on for every feasible permutation such that A_WHATEVER_Z and B_Z_WHATEVER yield the desired result of foam solvent.
Assume that every permutation that does not yield a variable match in such a manner instead catalyzes a volatile chemical reaction that destroys reagents A' / B'.
Lots of issues inherent. Lack of sufficient noise, logistics, fabrication, etc.
But I hope you can see what I'm getting at.
A pseudo-dead-man's-switch for deliveries of foam/solvent components also helps, probably. 
They're looking for worthy opponents, you see.
He meant #WDElRefugio, I believe.
At the moment? Getting sidetracked with containment foam / solvent fabrication and security logistics.
I don't think I'm in the appropriate frame of mind, unfortunately.
I've been awake for far too long and I don't think I can get my brain to shift into the proper gear.
Nor am I, generally speaking.
I used to be rather into chemistry in high school, but it was specifically with respect to enthalpy of endothermic reactions.
The stoichiometry of combustion segment of my undergraduate heat transfer course was the final nail in the coffin, IMO.
Yeah. Don't bother with fake science shit.
The only science words you need to say as a GM is "It works."
You're anything but humble, Thal.
I worry that I make the Tinkering process too scientific when it ought to be more arcane.
It's hard to manufacture a good fleemoblorgin with suitably reactivity parameters, Cam. You should be proud.
I believe Moonsong is an NPC in #WDLocal.
Hmm. You didn't say Empress, so I suppose you're onto something.
On the subject of Tinkers and the ongoing discussion in #programming, it occurs to me that a particularly clever Tinker cape name would be Quine.
Dibs, please.
:(
That would be an interesting cape. Dibs, that is.
You can use Queen Quine, Nick. I don't have any dibs on Quine-derivative names.
A quine is a program that, when executed, yields its exact source code as the output.
Yeah. The quine program was named in honor of his heavy research into self-referentialism, its presence in logical paradoxes, and its logical necessity in any syntactically advanced language and Godel's incompleteness theorems.
Yeah, I doubted it was feasible, Bel.
The issue is creating enough permutations, as well as injecting enough 'noise' into each reagent that someone attempting to reverse-engineer the compound can't determine what the 'active ingredient' is.
That sounds reasonable. Antivirus software and viruses.
Patches have to be delivered by armored van.
Oh, no way, T.
Counterpoint 1) You are running a game.
Counterpoint 2) Nobody but Bel and I actually care about this stuff. We're honestly just spitballing because it's fun to think about.
In the end, people are looking to play the game to have a good time, not to poke holes in your setting and say mean words.
If they are, I'll dispose of them quietly.
I can vouch for Nick's suggestion - quantity begets quality.
All of us have had shaky starts, I'm sure. And having been here to see a good few of them, everyone's improved a great deal after their first session, by leaps and bounds in many cases.
The thing you mentioned about quality reminds me of that Ira Glass quote 'Bow mentions on occasion in the #Writing channel.
Let me see if I can find it rather than paraphrase it.
This is, IIRC, the quote in question (?).
You'd mentioned something about doing freelance writing, so I have no doubt you're stronger starting off than a lot of us were back then. One-shots to test the waters and develop a familiarity with the back-and-forth of the writing style that's common among the IRC-format RPs certainly doesn't hurt.
"The player should attempt to kill God, or some allegory thereof," I said, in every D&D campaign, which continued into Cleveland wholly on accident because habits are difficult to break.
You'll have to be exclusionary, I'm afraid. The GM:player ratio dictates it as a matter of necessity.
Find the people who jive with you as a writer, who bounce off your writing style and match the flow and pacing of the way you operate. Run them. Cherish them.
Kill them, if you have to, because a narrative deserves an ending.
It's true. The players are the stars. I have to extend my thanks to many of them.
Well, they did say they were going to give it to you, Tell.
Do not play the folly of a new GM against him, for in doing so, the world will have lost a GM.
What do you mean by "asked for it"?
I do hope your GM knows exactly what they're getting into.
Was this lack of surprise also accompanied by any gesture or symbol of defeat, resignation, and/or acceptance of the inevitable?
IIRC, the stuff that comes out of the nozzles is the combination of 2+ formulas that also require exposure to open air to kick things off, but I could just be sprouting lies from my ass.
Was it the tanks? I was thinking it might be the hose pipe, but my mind is hazy on that front.
I'm sure there are Tinkers who take their own implementation of the containment foam formula and put their own unique twist on it.
A handful of the Tinkers I've toyed around with as NPCs certainly have.
Ah, but have you considered a hypothetical model which allows molecules to form n-dimensional bonds with molecules in a contiguous subspace?
I wonder what happens to inert foam after a while, the stuff that doesn't get cleaned up by the PRT.
Does someone scavenge it away, hoping to acquire enough to build a nice mattress?
Does it deflate like a bad souffle?
      Does it dry up
      like a raisin in the sun?
      Or fester like a sore—
      And then run?
      Does it stink like rotten meat?
      Or crust and sugar over—
      like a syrupy sweet?
      Maybe it just sags
      like a heavy load.
      Or does it explode?
Oh, wow! I was just saying random science nonsense.
It's "Harlem", by Langston Hughes.
I omitted the initial line, which begins "What happens to a dream deferred?"
He's one of my favorite poets, alongside Yehuda Amichai, but I figure that's a topic for another channel.
Ah. That explains the tinge of familiarity.
Of the Tinkers that have containment-foam inspired Tinkerings, I can think of a handful, depending on how loose you want to get with the proximity to actual 'foam'.
G.G. operates a remotely-operated ferrofluid-based containment glob that engulfs the victim, as the first one that comes to mind.
Gellum has various devices that dispense certain types of gel, among which is a type that has a remarkably high rate of dispersing kinetic energy.
Lumina has touched on a device that encrusts the target with a layer of hard light.
No doubt. Being available to people that aren't puppets of an extradimensional space parasite comes with a lot of perks.
But it is a nice and fun thing to imagine the Tinkers out there looking at containment foam and considering their own iterations of it, or countermeasures.
Perhaps the reason why the demand for solvent isn't as high as we might think it is may be the fact that the rate of dissolving is useless over a timescale for which a fight is ongoing.
"It's okay, Bucktooth, we got some bootleg solvent off of that dealer down in Nashville!"
> thirty minutes later
"Well, shoot."
Part of that is that it's an after-the-fact countermeasure, when a good few capes would have means of proactively combating the containment foam.
If they're quick about it. My mental image of foam has a high rate of expansion.
Dare I say, tearaway pants?
Wha-cha!
The envisioned adhesive properties fade as exposure to air increases, in my mental image.
I'm imagining that the reason you're referring to is "Wha-cha!" and not foam evasion.
We can kind of infer the properties of foam, given its list of known uses and intended purpose.  Dust accumulation sounds like a reasonable assumption, since the over-time-breakdown I was envisioning would occur on a much larger timescale.
New foam countermeasure: Cover self in delicious powdered sugar.
Oh! You just reminded me that I got some beignet mix from my fiancee's trip to New Orleans.
I'm hoping I get to test them in the air fryer, but I think the batter would be too runny.
Thesis: Adhesive Properties of Powdered vs. Glazed Donuts
Specimens 1-17 were consumed prior to testing.
The... donuts?
The thesis about the donuts?
The containment foam?
Eurgh, Bel, I just realized - did you ever read that trigger event where the triggeree was containment foamed with their mouth caught open, then essentially waterboarded by a combination of solvent and solute during the defoaming process?
Going off the spitballing here, I have to imagine that the solvent has a lot of resemblances to, say, acetone and friends.
Which makes it all the worse.
I believe it was Thalia's trigger in San Raul.
Thank you for the heads-up, Cam.
I'll resolve it shortly.
My lab janitors will not do anything in the lab except for empty out the trash can right next to the door.
I think it's reasonable.
There may have been an offset somewhere? I hope the rest of the doc is OK.
This is a little late, Tea, but Endbringer attacks prior to the Simurgh's Canberra appearance (outside of the known Madison appearance) are left unknown for a goodly stretch of time.
Oh? What's the theme?
Let me know if you need any help with the formatting or construction of setting documents, Tea.
I am slightly unsure if there is a bias against Trump in the $npc function, Nick. It is a possibility.
While I don't have notes, I have documents that feature the formatting of a setting info document and peripheral documents that have changed over time.
Recent ones are a good example of what appearance you might expect, what setting information is beneficial to the campaign, and the means by which it is presented.
The player info document for Sicol Bend is my preferred example.
Lysa's automatic campaign template generator also comes highly recommended, although I don't have any personal experience with it.
It took me a moment to refocus my eyes and stop reading 'Bionicle' every time I scanned down the page in confusion.
Let's be reasonable here - given Artisan's Tinker specialty, is it even possible for him to be meaningfully homeless?
He could fabricate a new one in moments.
Why not turn the Stronghold base into Anton Vargas' Home for Wayward Offshoots?
You see, Faust, all you have to do is take Buckler's Slum, and /push it/ over there!
Would you evict a Tinker that was squatting on your property in a building constructed of esoteric material?
Pish posh. A perfect staging ground to store and relocate the Crucible within.
It would make a very excellent sitcom, CG.
I have no doubt that land containing discarded Tinker equipment and materials has some kind of restriction on its status of legal ownership, but...
My god. I just thought of something delightful.
A real estate agent that caters to parahumans and parahuman organizations specializing in the discreet design and fabrication of headquarters / hideouts to the buyer's specification.
Real estate agency  / architectural firm.
I wouldn't want to live in any house or structure designed by Accord.
If you don't walk with a period-1 stable gait cycle with stride length deviation from the mean less than one sigma, hidden arrows will fire upon you from the walls.
Following which the floor traps will reduce your corpse into small but manageable pieces of roughly equivalent mass, and a small fleet of Roombas remove the offending debris and stains.
No, the hidden arrows method is too inelegant. Why leave discarded projectiles as clutter?
The room you're in becomes hermetically sealed and the atmosphere within it is forcefully evacuated.
Roombas can stay.
I think that one of the aspects of Accord's designs is that they rarely, if ever, relied on electricity, but I could be very wrong in that respect.
What actual problem, iri?
Ah, I thought you were considering how to best synthesize a gait that matches the single sigma, period-1 criterion of Accord's Dream House.
I'm sad now. I was awaiting your answer.
Best avoid Accord's Dream House then, iri.
Yeah, he shouldn't have let me break into his house and bully him by saying his dad never loved him.
Obviously the issue is rooted deeply in the past, and would have been solved by being a more lovable son.
It's beyond all repair, now.
I like breaking things.
Occasionally, I like breaking metaphysical things to break (hoho!) the monotony of breaking physical things.
The springform pan I've ordered is coming in the mail.
Only one, but she's very fat, you see.
I'm trying to consider the ones that are outside of the trigger, since they occur more organically rather than being a set parameter when the narrative is initialized.
Yeah, all you have to do is design a balancing array of ball-and-socket joints for each tile with rotation echoed throughout all tiles in the series that has a low threshold for perturbation rejection.
I don't know if you can turn off pings for one particular channel.
If my client can do it, I'm unaware.
I was expecting "Because if I haven't... he's dead, and I'm glad I didn't have to lie to you."
20:31 <Saff> I'm no one's mom. Nothing has come out of my uterus alive.
The implication of the possibility that a nonzero quantity of dead things have left your uterus is frankly, more alarming than if you had said nothing at all.
I don't believe it's cash only. I think I use my debit card.
The free version of IRCcloud is also wholly functional.
The only major issue with it is that it will automatically disconnect within 2 hours of inactivity.
Cells aren't thing, Saff.
*things.
Right. You can leave it idling on a computer with the window active, and as long as the computer isn't sleeping, you're fine.
The typical command to join channels is to type /join #channelname.
Phrases beginning with a hashtag and uninterrupted by a space will yield hyperlinks to the corresponding channel in most clients.
Here are the relevant settings I use to connect to the Parahumans IRC server using the IRCcloud interface.
What type of campaign would you like to read?
One more focused on action, intrigue, interpersonal dynamics between characters?
#WDSanRaul and #WDSicolBend, then.
It is feasible to deregister a name.
The syntax to deregister your nick is /ns drop [your nick]
Sorry, Nick.
We're going to have to go behind the barn.
I'll show you where the raccoons are playing.
They’re only a Hare trigger away from going nuts.
The only anesthesia you need is an audio recording of Ignatius, repeating the phrase “There’s no crying in baseball.”
Give the same thing you tried earlier a shot, but this time with the KiwiIRC tab closed.
That may do the trick.
Some of the tittyfires as well, it seems.
It is like playing Dwarf Fortress for the first time, but with the added concern that you fear the dwarves are judging you for your poor logistical skills.
Discord is quite inflexible and memory-unfriendly.
I can get it to work, but the UI isn’t quite my cup of tea, and there aren’t enough permutations of the notification system to have the configuration I’d like.
There’s also, I’d argue, a more significant cultural difference than an inconvenience or preference with software, but that’s a personal observation.
Yup.
Feel free to ask away regarding IRC syntax and meanings if you catch me tomorrow. My bedtime is long overdue as well.
I have slept since then.
It was not four for four.
Night, all.
Hi Camtist. I have applied for your upcoming Tampa Bay campaign.
I am very interested in the setting.
Oh, Sequence?
I didn't, but I have scattered character notes.
It wouldn't take me long to put it together.
I'm happy to help.
If you'd like to look at the cast list of capes from other campaigns for reference, I can provide a few.
The public information regarding certain capes has known to be false for certain cases in the past.
He had super hearing.
Has.
He's still alive. Sorry.
Presumably.
Classifications are just for fast field ID.
Nicko nicko knee.
Here you go, TheShadow.
There have been previous ones.
I don't have any concern about using the trigger again, since the player vanished.
I don't recall what power it made, in any case.
I don't intend on proposing a Breaker power, personally.
Resource Tinker.
I'll fix it manually.
I've fixed it, Sidezero.
To emphasize the element of betrayal, being replaced.
The character synthesizes esoteric liquids and crystalline compounds derived from the liquids. The core component of the majority of their tinkerings is a clear liquid. The liquid is a catalyst that transmutes when exposed to residual aftereffects of parahuman powers, or biomass acquired from a parahuman source (with varying efficacy based on the type and decay state of biomass). Transmuted fluids are used as a basis for
power-granting injections with the parahuman able to adjust and modify the contained power (tradeoffs between power, duration, versatility, etcetera). Fluids can be synthesized into crystalline compounds that can be used as temporary power cores for Tinker equipment, or crushed into a fine powder and imbibed nasally. The duration of these powers is shorter on the parahuman than it is when granted to others, such that the parahuman
must entice underlings with granted powers to operate with full efficacy. However, repeated usage of these granted powers by users other than the Tinker will build a resistance, causing a diminishing duration for the acquired powers, forcing the Tinker to turn to new subordinates.
I think that it's too on the nose.
Damn, too slow.
I think that the principle works fine when the resource grants something other than powers.
Treating the baseline liquid catalyst as a vector for stealing powers (which can then be slotted into a modular upgradable minion) is feasible.
I didn't want to tread too far down that path due to its similarity with Pit Bull, but Pit Bull does have an enjoyable power.
Power Null/Steal Tinker, Uses Stolen Powers To Power Up Minion
I do like that.
Lack of conflict causes it to revert?
Nor I, really.
I'm pretty busy these days, and I'm still overdue on completing one.
Extended (2-3 days) without conflict causes the minion to devolve.
Hathor was Marcy's cape in Wichita, although I'm not sure if she was played.
Good morning, all
How is Austin coming along?
Of course. I’ll be glad to share my thoughts and assist with formatting, if needed.
Lysa’s?
I’ll pass the praise along.
Good afternoon.
Not too much. Did I ever forward you the second out of unknown amount of Lumina's session?
Ask Teruzi.
Critical, with Feral's consent.
Feral is intended for the traps and safeguards that were left behind as delaying mechanisms by the Tinkers that are making their way into the base.
Just FYI, tubes, I'll be pretty busy from now 'til near the end of March.
Not deathly busy, but pretty busy.
Good morning, all.
I trained a recursive neural network overnight on a dataset containing as many Weaver Dice and canon cape names as I could find.
I ran a few samples at varying temperatures to generate a list of cape names that a neural network considers suitable.
Here are the results:
As I reduce the temperature value and it approaches zero, the neural network repeats a single output that it believes to be the 'ideal' cape name.
For prior tests at higher perplexity and lower epoch, the neural network output 'Strame' as the ideal cape name.
This time, however, it thinks that the quintessential cape name is "The Dord of Ding".
It is pronounced /ˈæntiˌɒk/
Foresight isn't really a hallmark of any neural network.
It develops a model from a testing dataset, estimates its accuracy on a validation dataset, and recurs with room to alter parameters in order to develop as accurate a model as possible.
The contents of the dataset have no bearing on how a neural network operates.
The methodology remains the same, whether you're training it on music, classical literature, syntactically esoteric languages, or pixel arrangements.
Morning, CG.
No jokes here. I'm just trying to explain how an RNN works, in the context of the project I'm working on.
Man, those rolls near the end of the Evie session were killer.
I'm catching up as we speak.
The library of cape names needs more data points before I am able to further improve it, I think. If anyone is willing to help me out, see the above form.
I will train my RNN on a different dataset for the time being. If anyone has any suggestions, I am happy to hear them.
Snazzymaps is a great resource.
That's a remarkably interesting concept.
Part of the fun for me is building a setting from scratch, but I'm now genuinely curious to see how someone might handle 'stock' Cleveland, so to speak.
Modular campaigns, yeah.
Using pre-existing settings as a foundation for a modular campaign that a GM can pick up and set down without too much prior legwork seems like an interesting interpretation of that idea.
Having an "NPC Loaner Library" resource document could be an interesting project as well.
Hey, Mega.
WD Kowloon Walled City
Bow made a comment to the effect that a portion of it was a hell of Shakers with effects that contested and interacted with each other to some extent.
I wouldn't say 'done', per se.
Attempted, maybe.
Sure, go for it.
So it's essentially invulnerability that translates damage into immobilization, yes?
I like that. There's a lot of room to play around with that concept.
Yeah, I like this as an NPC power a low.
*lot.
If you touch someone and then kneecap them it's a remarkably idiot-proof nonlethal takedown.
Good afternoon, Teller.
@ Letters - I feel it's more effective to design a power bearing in mind what its effect on the world is (and what you want said effect to be) rather than getting overly scientific with the description.
e.g. semitransparent "walls" that block kinetic energy would technically be opaque, assuming models that assign a mass to the photon are correct.
No need to worry about that fiddly stuff, just say what you want it to do and let the space whales do the heavy lifting.
Bow doesn't read WD games, AFAIK, for the same reason he doesn't read fanfic.
"and i just can't look, it's killing me"
Looking at him doesn't kill you though.
I haven't seen a Faust PC that isn't intense, to be fair.
Some do.
The places that I'm familiar with IRL aren't generally suitable for Weaver Dice settings.
I ran Cleveland without having set foot in the city once, but now I'm familiar enough to the point that I could drive to Zoup! off the interstate.
The moments that humanize Ignatius only really serve as chilling reminders to what truly lurks beneath.
People with strong convictions are the most dangerous.
Some might call Faust's characters unwavering, others might use the word inflexible.
It's interesting to me personally, as I tend to play characters that are much the opposite.
Which one are you referring to, Mega?
I wouldn't necessarily call Explosivo that. He doesn't have an unfaltering code or drive, some kind of belief or dogma that he values above himself.
He's simple, he thinks in the short term, and he's a slave to his impulses.
It's just that hitting things really hard as a solution to most problems is habitual to him.
I think there's some degree of variation, but my characters generally lean towards the reprehensible.
On the flip side, I think I'm atrocious at playing heroes.
Schuyler was ostensibly intended to be the manager of a heroic organization.
IIRC, he hadn't had time to debrief himself on Shutter's prior meetings, and decided to send an Offshoot because it would be less of a hassle to deal with the security that was keeping non-mutants from entering the Slum without registration / ID.
It's in my notes somewhere.
It's what I get for making moves without sitting down to read all of the relevant documents, so I'm not sweating it.
Better to act quickly than slow myself down in an attempt to avoid stepping on toes.
No help. Just keeping you aware, such that we don't end up hindering each other.
Mine as well.
Any time after 5PM should be suitable.
Haute cuisine.
Yeah. Roughly 2.5 hours from now, essentially.
I can’t do much by changing the name, since it’s explicitly mentioned that it’s a recently opened franchise of a chain.
The premise of parahuman costumers as a commercial service on the same level of significance as, say, bespoke wedding dresses, makes a great deal of sense in-setting.
Antifreeze is to stop things from freezing, so I think you’re OK.
Hm?
Afternoon.
Hello, all.
I have trained a recursive neural network on a database of cape names.
Here are the results.
Declassified a secret session after being prompted by Thalia.
Her dad is Korean, at least.
IDR what her mom is.
It’s a setting that makes sense to have a lot of Hispanic characters.
Hispanic catholic also makes a lot more sense for the West Coast.
I’m just thinking of the Spanish expansion back in the 19 century
But it makes a lot of sense that Florida would have it as well
for some reason I thought Shoal was Italian
I think it was just because of his last name
pesche -> pesci
Pesche con crema is peaches and cream, so I think Faust is onto something
I don’t actually have a lot of PCs, come to think.
Cody is my only Oriental PC. Schuyler, Voigt, and Evie are the white ones. Explosivo and Maniobra are obviously hispanic. Chrome, DuBois, and Touchdown are black. Sina is German, Sura is Pakistani.
Reimann is technically white, though he is mutated.
Am I forgetting anyone?
I should check my campaign NPC demographics.
Family and heritage aren’t things my PCs tend to touch on, sadly. I should improve on that.
Outside of Jack disparaging his mother’s cooking.
Is it Doritos JACKED though.
May’s mom was a realtor so she probably wasn’t an amazing cook.
Y’all should bread enchiladas in dorito crumbs
Huh.
Despite my personal preferences, I don't have a PC that's an accomplished cook.
I'll be glad to assist.
I'm a little on-and-off at the moment so pardon me if my responses are slow - calibrating a heated print bed.
Fire away, captain.
If we want to do shard-bud theming, I could suggest 'Amplify' as 7H's shard.
Yeah, IDK if it's necessarily a bud.
Relations/genetics isn't the 2nd gen thing, I think.
Taylor - > Aiden is the example that springs to mind.
Finding out their parentage might be a cool story hook and if their power is a hint towards said parentage, though, I'd be willing to bend the rules to make the story cooler.
Unless the knowledge of who exactly is already part of the trigger.
I'm in agreement with Pink here.
My Master-power-making mojo isn't really up to snuff here, so I've gotta chew on it for a while.
Complementary but unidentical powers prior to the luck roll have my vote.
Not quite feeling that implementation myself, with the minions. Doesn't quite tickle my power bone.
A secondary Thinker implementation that complements the power could be suitable.
Or one is Thinker primary Master secondary, the other is vice-versa, done in the style of a multi-trigger.
It's the Verdict problem.
Forcing the GM to come up with a list of sins and shameful secrets for every NPC observed is a pain in the tuckus.
Even with an RNG sin table.
I'm liking the direction Pink was going with it.
Oh, that's an interesting dynamic, Tuzi.
I really like that idea. It has the potential to explore the intercharacter dynamics a lot.
hot mama
I’m back.
Someone catch me up?
I'm more inclined to do a Brute implementation for this rather than Breaker.
Let me gather my thoughts.
The parahuman takes on a Brute form with variable characteristics. The form at its base is humanoid and unremarkable in terms of defining characteristics. The Brute is able to augment their form by leaching features from the environment. Nearby structures grow more brittle, plant life calcifies, and the Brute's form advances in terms of strength and durability, with visual thematics mutating them based on the environmental
features absorbed. The mutations grow more grotesque and more effective if the environment is unhygenic, toxic, in disrepair, etc, whereas the cape's transformations may be less effective in pristine areas, prompting them to first destroy or lay waste to an environment before transforming.
Sorry for the delay. Had to repair something.
Being able to define the nearby environment with an elemental tag should suffice for an outline.
Plant, rubble, rust, shatter, sludge, so forth.
Doesn't have to be extremely customizeable. Just append certain stat bonuses, additional damage types, damage resistances.
I'm not familiar with the Crag example. I'll take a look.
Nah. Would be easier to define from scratch.
I try to avoid the power mechanics templating, unless I need an unplanned-for NPC done quick.
The variables that are affected by the environment are as follows:
Armor, damage type(s), attack type(s), visual aesthetic, and damage resistance(s).
Mm, yeah.
I have a personal concern with the phrase "balanced to be fun", but I think that's a discussion for after the powergen.
Movement types, certainly.
I'll sketch something up, one moment.
Thanks, Cam. That helps a lot.
Here's what I have at the moment.
It needs some work.
I wouldn't be opposed to that, CG.
I'm going to go look at the trigger document to see what the current problem is.
Don't touch anything.
So we need to reclaim the rich father $used 632?
Fixed.
The actual trigger is 'illness eating your brain', yes?
o7
It's true. tubes' gut flora have all been eradicated by his drinking habits.
Terribly sorry to keep shilling my recurrent neural network cape names. This will be the last one for a while.
I am, yes.
I'm genuinely impressed at the amount of coherent results that the RNN was able to produce.
I was expecting considerably more gibberish, but I suppose having the appropriate training parameters and a sufficiently large dataset goes a long way.
'Mind If I' is probably my favorite on that list.
Hey, Camtist. If you send me an access request for the envirobrute document, I will give you edit rights.
Hi, sapphyre!
I feel like it's been a bit since I last saw you.
Could just be me being busy / unobservant, though.
Just PM me your email address, Cam. It'll be easier.
Mutter is the name of a Goetic demon, IIRC.
It would make sense for one of the Fallen to call themselves that.
Wait, no, I'm thinking of Murmur.
My bad.
1x, Nonagon.
Multiplier is based on the trigger.
Yeah, I'm a fan.
I had to root around in the guts of the trigger doc, Cam.
There were some mis-claims that were easier to manually fix within the spreadsheet.
That's not the purpose of the counter, though.
It's to keep a track of the triggers and their classifications to see which ones are being written / used more.
It's all good.
Same-ish.
Yeah, I get you.
If you want to submit cape names to the database I'm training my cape name neural network on, this form is for that purpose.
Thanks for your interest. I hope this exercise continues to entertain you all as it has me.
Non-English names are already extant in the database, but I don't think they'll benefit the RNN too much.
Here is the database, currently. I update it manually.
Yes. Any cape name is fair game.
What's your Golden Frieza, Thal?
Is it Deus Volt?
Name the body part, take a -1 to hit.
I automatically remove dupes every iteration.
Thank you, Non.
I fiddled with the RNN some more. It gave me 'Telephant' as one of the outputs.
I'm going to update the dataset and retrain to account for Non's input.
Only 38 dupes in your input, Non. Not bad considering prior entries.
Part of me wonders if I should keep dupes to weight popular names more heavily.
Any and all names would be fantastic, Cam.
The larger the library, the happier I will be.
I've already pillaged the entirety of the database, Pink. :P
I appreciate it, Cam.
Character by character, Vander.
There's a human element of sifting through the chaff, Vander.
I'd probably say I'm using 20-30 characters out of each 100 characters sampled.
Temperature variance between 0.7 to 1. 30-epoch training cycles every time I update the database with 0.4 dropout and a 0.002 learning rate.
20-30 good.
It's all cape database that I've acquired from various sources.
I got submissions from here, reddit, cauldron, etc.
Feel free to grab the db.
Sometimes you just get lists that are really bad in a good way.
Yes, Mishie, Steve is in the database I am training the RNN off of.
I just set the temperature arbitrarily low.
The name that the RNN currently converges to is "Flast Man".
OK.
The neural network looks like it's starting to get a little unenthusiastic.
The RNN has independently output (slightly mispelled) Aristotle and Descartes. I hope it doesn't learn too much.
'Gutshack'.
LMAO.
'Bland Slam'.
Buttless.
Everything I have done in my life up until this point has been worth it.
Buttless.
Thank you. I'll input that and Cam's submissions and retrain.
Party's over, folks. Neural net just gave me 'Knight Chad' as a cape name.
Faustus|Chase, you'll like 'Last Bork'.
Oh, shit.
'Raternal'.
Holy shit.
'Duskschund'.
I can't beat that.
I lied.
'Fastro Boy'.
I just got 'Dustercuck' so I'm calling it quits with the RNN today.
Here's the updated list.
The funny ones are great, but I'm genuinely impressed that the RNN is making names that I would actually be OK using.
Professor Dilemma is a nice Saturday morning name.
I am only human.
I can't say that we do all that often.
There's a lot of bickering and debate.
It works out in the end, granted.
I'd recommend using some powers that have already been generated beforehand.
You could do it yourself or use some that we have archived here.
You could take them through an example round beforehand to let them get the hang of it, perhaps.
Let me check.
It looks as if OLED is not in the database.
I will add her.
OLED is a player character of Pink's.
LED is one of the output names that my neural network-trained cape name generator came up with.
Neural networks are pretty voodoo.
Here's the program that I use to train and generate the cape name models.
Here is a spreadsheet containing some of the cape names that the neural network has come up with.
Oof.
That's a really fucking major undertaking.
How about a classifier that guesses PRT classification based on cape name, first?
I don't doubt it.
Was Gumby presented as a benign creature in the cartoon, or was he villainous?
I'm not old enough to know these things.
I feel like it's a bit on the nose for some sort of Stranger / Changer power, but I'm proud of the RNN nonetheless.
It's so close to Clusterfuck.
I hope the RNN comes up with that independently one day.
Gumby - Moral compass: unknown
I only recently turned 23. I don't know if Gumby predates me or if I just didn't watch the right sort of TV as a kid.
Fair's fair.
Of the cape names that the RNN has generated thus far, I think that Nervewrack, Sangria, Rule of Ruin, Interdict, Lightsever, Mind If I, and Damascus are my favorite 'serious' cape names.
Mind If I will always be tainted by the Loot Hoarder's voice line in Hearthstone ("Mind if I roll need?") for me.
Oh, that one I like too.
It would, yeah.
Feel free to use it.
Hi Megafire.
Did you see the neural net cape names?
I'm having a lot of fun with them.
I made a few more while you were away.
Pfft.
It reminds me of Hissin' Pete, who hisses whenever danger is near.
He's an anxious sort, so he hisses pretty much all the time.
I like the concept of Stealy Dan.
Quad Cowbell!
More than enough.
Street Eater is pretty nice.
'The Lactwist' sounds like a cruel and unusual technique.
'Whoaó'!
We're halfway there.
Road to Ruin sounds like a fun Shaker name.
Given the 'sapping of color' subtheme, Monochrome or Grayscale could be viable candidates.
Essentially, you begin with 3 in each stat.
You can move around values as you wish, although you'll generally require justification and/or GM approval to have stat values of 1 or 5.
(Power-granted bonuses notwithstanding.)
Yeah. Derringer and Desperado are ones I know have already been used.
It's inevitable that the RNN is going to spit out dupes - probably better for me to check for dupes before adding to the list.
Oh, duh, of course I can, I'm a dunce.
it creates a model in the directory .data/capes and i use sample.py to generate results off of that model w/ varying parameters (usually just initializing string, char length, temp)
but i haven't pushed the best model to github yet
nor have i pushed any model come to think of it haha
i just copypaste the usable results into the spreadsheet
a lawyer with withstand and dodge maxed out
bc they're a defense lawyer
:^)
Generally yeah it does non
but if you change --output_dir= into --init_dir= then you can pick up where you left off
if you alter the dataset but want to keep working off of the last best model there's a hyperparameter that allows the training model's learned habits to decay
values in the order of magnitude of 0.001 are good for decay i think. haven't messed around with it a whole lot yet.
i can push my best model after i'm done running this training sequence but i'm doing it on the AWS free t2.micro so it's not going to be anything astounding
most of my outputs were sampled at temp 0.5 to 0.8
yeah
feel free to shout out your perplexities @ me in PM or programming
i might be able to slip some helpful parameters your way
I thought for a moment and then realized that it doesn't need any input from me
So I'm game
Both of these make good sense.
i guess bc the private one is supposed to be kept decently private so we don't have to worry about someone goofin it up
not sure what happened to the public one. let me see
think i fixed it.
\o/
I was sick when I went to Japan but to the best of my knowledge infected no people there.
<Saff> Anti I think that's using yourself as a bio weapon <Antioch> I've always wanted to do that <Antioch> Using myself as a vector of bioterrorism, just sneeze like a motherfucker in a crowded international airport on christmas day (at line 321)
I wore a mask. Shannon was sick on the flight.
Good afternoon.
@FL|AFK: I think Netrunner runs Oahu, but I’m not 100% certain.
Whoops.
Glad I didn’t say that with 100% certainty.
Thanks for the clarification.
I haven’t been paying much attention lately, I’m afraid.
Hope they’re doing alright.
Opaque white helmet with slits for the eyes, a la shutter shades. LED lighting in the slits directed outwards, away from wearer’s eyes.
Good afternoon/evening.
