I've got 40 minutes of class left and I haven't eaten today
the ending of harry potter is still depressing
I was new yesterday
and then someone sealed me away
forget which one of you it was
The artist formerly known as the Artist formerly known as prince tragically passed away apparently
Something like that
In other news the end times are upon us 
Xenuria got elected to CSM in EVE
VereorNox, reminded me of a vital question
What would Elsa be ranked power wise?
Soon to be three disenfranchised folk
don't forget the five PL members
and the fact that one of the three goons is Xenuria
Hes widely known as the most autistic man in EVE
and in his case it might actually be literal
he allegedly is a pedophile, allegedly is a furry, allegedly has moderate autism, apparently is awful to be around, and the list goes on
not a walking silloete, a rampant shit poster who is generally considered awful to whatever community hes a part of
and CSM board is basically a focus group
they make suggestions to CCP directly on where they should take the game
not yet no
and its been a running joke for ages to vote for him for CSM
and evidently enough people troll voted him that he actually got elected
Arguably nows the best time to be playing
the great blue donut has collapsed
and New Eden has entered into World War Bee
But yeah, CO2 seceeded and declared war on CFC in response to outsider pressure on there sov
and since then FCON, SMA, and several other groups have bailed or surrendered
and PH, NC, and TEST have all taken up sov in deklein
So wait
hypothetical question
Can Leviathan do sharknado?
On that note, do you think leviathan can hit fresh water?
like that other shitty movie ghost shark, suddenly your pool is overflowing and theres a giant endbringer out of nowhere?
cant you just use the canal?
basically, all the great lakes are connected to one another
and a canal was built to bipass the niagra falls to get to lake ontario
which leads out directly to the hudson bay
Gulf of St. Lawrence
which I thought was hudson for some reason
probably because I think thats where Henry Hudson died
and the St. Lawrence river
yeah, Henry Hudson got mutinied up that way
I'm a new guy using a different name from his other new guy name
My actual username as Jyggalag but soulpelt kept sealing me away
and one thing led to another
wait, /O'doyle Rules?
but yeah, I got the rundown from whatshisname yesterday
Keep politics to #politics, expect spoilers don't bother you know who
and don't be a killhand level asshole
the command literally isn't working
like I've typed it in four times
and its not working
so I'm just going to assume the rules are that there are no rules
yeah, that worked
hanks
Aww
I can't set ops to ignore?
or cause explosive arguments?
how am I supposed to fight the system then?
Does the no racism rule apply to C53s?
New as of yesterday
normally I'm jyggalag
I'm this right now because it amuses somebody in #weaverdice
...I'm sorry, I had to.
You've really done it now boy!
Dear god
4chan admins merged half a dozen 4chanboards into each other
Including notably merging /fit and /lit, merging co and ck, and worst of all... merging map and pol
The mental trauma was horrifying
Mlp*
What's mo?
Missed that merge
I'm sad they didn't merge x and d
Into /xd/
I'm jyggalag on phone btw, if it wasn't clear
Is this app okay or will it explode my phone
I've already scrubbed one virus and don't want to deal with another
Also because av is an abbreviation that works
Is Spacebattles down for everyone else?
Rip
Sleep is for the weak!
Uhhh
What... exactly did I miss occur on the diversity
Sub Reddit
We apparently went to war with Australia or something
Again
Parahumans?
Yes
Gonna edit a mask onto spongebob and Patrick and post it up as worm in a nutshell
It really is fun Norse myth
Classical Norse music is also awesome
Also there is interesting crossover with Gaelic culture due to the open warfare and slavery both groups practiced
Yes, and a mad daedra at that
If you have Gaelic blood in you in Iceland or the balkins, you have slave ancestors
Well, on the contrary
I own one for jazz and nearly got mercy killed
News today is weeeird
First adidas does a stupid and then Aaron Hernandez kills himself
Man why do I have to be a responsible person
Can't I ignore notifications until they go away?
Then maybe I wouldn't spend an hour and a half waiting for my car oil to be changed
Morning
But yeah,  as I was saying, spacex has it down good now
4 consecutive successful landings are a pattern
Space shuttle is a different concept
It's a craft deployed off of the primary rocket which was the huge ass booster
And the boosters were supposed to re enter and burn
The shuttle can glide down post re entry
The shuttle launches were interesting failure wise
One of them was widespread stupidity
With the ground crew advising it be aborted
And the designers
Christ
The Columbia mission one was caused by a piece of foam
One bit of foam and one small dent killed the entire crew
No way to prevent or notice it barring externally observing everything closely, no correction possible, and then violently disintegrating.  That's actually horrifying
Yeah
Apparently engineers saw this one too, and there was a giant ass hole in the wing that could easily have been identified had NASA looked for it
Or had the DOD wanted to reveal it could see the head of a pin from space
They couldn't have re entered as was but they probably could've made orbit and either been rescued or salvaged it somehow.  The crash analysis also appears to be the stuff of goddamn nightmares
Seeing what the witness reports and postmortem had for survivability
It coincidentally makes the mass effect 2 plot impossible also
Hmmm
You all get actual symbols on this client
Like elaras % and your @
Lacks that is
You don't have one
Just mods
I loved the pcgamer article that stated the lead graphics designer working on facial animations was a hanar
This one fails to see the problem
I've seen enough hentai to know where that is going
Wait, this isn't the channel I thought it was
I'm jyggalags phone account
Computer is in for maintenance
This is basically a clever and assinine TES joke
Does god need to breathe?
Fallout horse armor?
There are no horses for it
Bethesda does solid DMV
Dlc
Damn auto correct
In general
Why is horse armor dlc a meme again?
Ah
Oh Lawd!  Last night when I was writhing in the depths of a horrible fever, I came across a horrifying vision
a vision of an alternate ending to Worm
wherein Contessa spoke four additional words... four additional words that gave taylor a brain hemmorhage that was then cauterized by contessas bullets.  The real reason for all that contessa did.
Path.  To. Szechuan. Sauce.
Shit, really?
But they didn't systematically scheme for 20 years to set the post-apocolyptic environment JUST right for an empowering disney themed promotion based off of a movie meant to target the refugees from formally Yangban controlled China explicitly so that they could have this sauce
What music was it, I've always been partial to jazz and 1920s styled classical but granted I'm a saxophone player so I definitely have a bias towards that.
endbringers are pretty easy to make musical associations with, just gotta be a dark souls or LOTR fan
there are some solid instrumental bits that have the intensity for a "you are way in over your head and everything you love is going to die" moment
Its set in screwed up marvelverse so good luck
technology in that setting and society are all across the board
especially with Nazism and Communism where they cop out of everything with lol-hydra
Actually annoyed me quite a bit
Marvels getting on my nerves with that
They keep botching minor details like that
I still enjoy the Far Cry take on the future...if it was set in a VHS acid trip...
Yes
?
Wait what?
I like aliensverse wherein FTL travel exists yet wireless comms do not
They've got smart lighting and atmospherics figured out, and they even have realistic VI/whatever those automotans run on, but the actual Core AI is run off of basic text prompts
I do have a problem frankly with marvels lack of willingness to circle back to the cold war and nazism.  I mean we get it, the Winter Soldier was a soviet project, you don't need to hamfist a whole hydra plot into that.
People can be evil without being hydra.
And Howard stark screws up half of Iron Man plot anyway
Seeing as the guy was alive for all of this and should have some level of contingency plans
I mean how does someone go through all the shit Howard Stark went through and not have a pocket cannon of some form.  The whole Captain America plot puts him dead center cross eyes to them.
True
Basically the only reason that Worm is the LOTR of the superhero genre, second only really to Watchmen, is that the average baseline for the superhero genre is in the dumpster.
I like the take of Doctor Doom as that guy who walks into your house uninvited, with his dirty boots on, opens your fridge and drinks a jug of milk from the container while making eye-contact with you
and then helps himself to your couch and puts his still dirty bootclad feet onto your coffee table.
...Thats just lazy.
616?
ah
Wasnt there that one marvel character who managed to be offensive to everyone at the same time?
Hell, The 2003 wonder woman wasnt much better
Thats really what I hated about wonder women, her character seemed to be allegedly a femenist ideal character written by a guy who had no idea how feminism actually works
and instead goes for every single one of the "Strong empowered women" novella flaws
Hey, you can't tell me Bane/Totally!not!Actual!Bane wasn't glorious
I mean seriously, they completely bastardized what was effectively a scientist who managed to burn half his brain out with super-roids from canon, but they did make amazing meme material.
Wasnt bane someone who roided the hell out of himself?
From lke brazil or something?
and quite possibly gave himself brain damage?
I thought it was implied the amount of chemicals he put into himself had ramifications on his mental facilities
Huh, they really got that weird rat eye thing going
also d'awwww
Theres a lot of reasons
possible ones at least
I dont know enough about bats or this one to tell you.
>Not  knowing its greentext
Also shit I am on way too thin ice to go into this
oh god now I'm in prequel meme hell again
as a SS13 player I'm used to clown horn evangalion
every.  Fucking. Time.  Always this theme.
I thought I was free of the nightmare here.
Space Station 13
You can play as the various crew aboard the spacestation, ranging in importance from chief engineer, security, botany, or even chef or clown or mime.
The job of the clown is basically to become a big enough nuisance to get lynched
or to play WILD CARD!
basically
we even have Space Carp inspired by dwarf fortress
or as a callback to them
they're mostly deadly because they have a habit of HERES JOHNNYing you through windows to space
and explosive decompression + carp is a bad time
On the bright side they can be used for cooking, as one of the two sources of carpotoxin in the game
the other is by mutating soybeans into koibeans
botany gets kind've horrifying at high tier
...
We do not speak his name!
I gotta walk the dog
Reinforcing struts?
A penguin with a sunburn?
Heading to New Jersey now, will be in and out
So, I definitely have a virus on my unjailbroken iPhone and all the advice for it just says they don't exist
Which is monumentally stupid
If it connects to the internet and is more complex than a toaster, there's a virus for it
Hell, there might be a virus for toasters probably also
I may need to clean reinstall if I can't get a solution
And everyone who says apple products are made explicitly to not get viruses infuriates me
Of course they are built not to, nobody but the NSA and apparently hP and Lenovo design things to get hacked
Although Lenovo was dumbassery and I don't think HP realized what they were doing
There's been a spate of botnets running out of smart appliances and cameras
which is not even close to bulletproof
It's good, yes
But there are plenty of holes, especially with all the additional less secure apps
And it doesn't change the fact that I clearly have malware pop ups appearing on my phone
A lot of free $10k gift cards, fake tech support numbers, and cruise scams
And oddly spam from dobbs ferry
Alerts and safari pop ups
On websites others have verified don't have them
Morning jygg, bye jygg
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
My college only covers $2500 in study expenses
And my study proposal is easily $10000
Why are new boat motors so pricy
That's ignoring the group I'm with is in Belize which has a huge tariff on mechanical equipment
Affiliated
And since it's a high tariff I will have to transport and declare it which is easily another $2500
Hey, elar,  can you please make it rain less here?
We're tired of having your countries miserable weather
Mish, you are British right?
Awwww
Why did I think Mish was a she?
Why is fossil a lord?
Shouldn't they be a marshall or duke or mayor?
But shouldn't you be working for that promotion?  Playing the feudalistic game?
Trying to become the fossil Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire?
Wait, crap my CK2 is leaking
Just got pulled over rip
79 in a 55
I'd plead the 21st but that'd be worse
Off with a warning
Woot!
Speeding
I can't even imagine how many obnoxious emails you have to put up with, ignoring that Wordpress is used for spam lists often
Get it in gold bricks
So you can get that cartoon billionaire feel
Jesus Christ
Playing golf with family, plz send help
Apparently yet another lithium battery fire on a plane
Will people please stop transporting lithium batteries on fucking planes
Most batteries aren't lithium
I think
I thought it was the acid cell batteries
I'm not an engineering guy.  I just know that large quantities of batteries constitute a hazmat scenario
That's not why they are hazmat
It's because if they blow up they produce some very nasty particulate chems
And also if it gets on you it will burn you through fire gear
Fire gears not built for burning liquids or steam
I particularly enjoyed when Samsung went after some random British YouTuber for showcasing a gta V mod that changed C4 sprites into galaxy note 7s
Resulting in everyone spite watching the video and downloading the mod
Everyone running as the guy waved his Samsung around
Not Samsungs brightest moment
Also from gerryrigging and cheap Chinese knock off cigs
Can you vape meth?
I know you can vape thc oil
And most importantly, can you vape a cauldron vial?
The FDA doesn't exist on this planet
Now I'm imaging someone asking doc mother if the cauldron vials have been ethically tested, and her just giving a blank stare and asks what ethics is.
Also earth BEES where scion died in
What about a world where the murder-drones are painted black, as opposed to grey?
One of you better get that reference
No
It was a hitchhikers guide reference
Fuck the real world where I legally get paid $6.25 an hour
Pretty sure people in wd Cleveland got paid more to literally do nothing
Good luck with that
For a seasonal summer job
On short notice
Because my college funded me
Fucked
New York, the land of commuting and taxes
Not as strong as a camp councilor position on resume
Also taken by long term labor because people actually work in NYC
Thankfully don't have to pay rail fees at this job or for lunch
And I am trying to raise $10k ATM of which this will only raise less than $2
$2k
Cost of a boat motor on average plus tariffs plus shipping and other expenses at worst.  Could be $8k to $12k but college will fund for $2500
Might be able to get gov or corporate grant also
It's not art
Science study
I was bitching about my job
??Canada?? Fuck Yeah!
by the way, I'm considering making it a summer project to make the wiki on this not be so awful
Remember, those are the people that literally laughed off an attempt to subtly addict people to there personality
and then got angry when someone spoiled it
you see, the trick is to shoot yourself with a high caliber firearm or a shotgun, because if you're lucky, they wont be able to salvage your brain to make you suffer
also I'm missing half the conversation.
oh right that one
I'm in worchester, we're such a shit hole we'd probably have plenty of parahumans
also I have a crowbar in my dorm for reasons, I could probably break the window down and skewer myself on it
3rd floor supremacy
You see, the trick is to tell them where Wild lives, I'd imagine they would have a field day with him
seriously, the mystical person who allegedly controls there lives, they'd drop torturing you in a second for that
didn't deadpool kill his own writing staff once?
watched on netflix to season V
which is, thankfully, all of it thats up
oh
season 3 then
shit I don't fucking know
seal, you haven't seen season six-eight of sueprnatural
or the last season of dexter
goddamn dexter had so much fucking potential, and they ruined it
watch supernatural to 30 seconds before the ending of season V and its a good show
my brother actually spoiled that and I thought he was fucking with me
turns out he wasn't
Breaking bad is the only TV show that caught on to when they peaked and ended it at the right time for that
there was no way to one up season four so they did there best and went all out on season V, and managed to end it on a high enough note that it was a good ending
Batman Vs superman was a case where they already invested too much
they knew it was shit, they didn't want to finish it, but they couldn't not at that point
I've been thinking of power abuse shit actually
depending on your teleport power couldn't you potentially open portals and then use them to create makeshift shields, reflecting bullets, to cut people in half by closing it on them, or by dropping something heavy 50 miles into the air, doing one of those portal loops, and then launching it like a rail gun?
@seal, still a better love story than twilight
Yeah, although I always get worried with will smith now
hes a bit of an arrogant ass from what I hear about behind the scenes
like how he demanded $50,000,000 to act again in independence day II
speaking of that, as someone who spent some of his younger days over on the SCP wiki, wouldn't high caliber sniper rifles be the weapon of choice of wormverse?
basically a fictional universe with several organizations with differing goals that cover up and contain extranormal anomolies
maintaining normalicy and generally being shady, including some cases of covering up things that probably had legitimate backing in science because it was a few thousand years ahead of our time
night
also wasn't there someone who did the math and showed that the oscars are only slightly below dead average for black awards given out compared to every other race?
and by slightly it was 17% as opposed to 17.5%?
I'm more so angry that nobody gives a shit about the VHS community yet
the fact that you've got video editors working in near slave conditions because hollywood doesn't give enough of a shit to pay them properly for work or to realize that changing the movie half way into it means redoing all the graphics work on it
VFX
I'm half asleep its 2 am
but yeah, lightening hands are the best power for practical jokes
also, I think Cauldron was the closest thing to a self insert we had for the writer of Worm
especially seeing the campaign hes running that has a 50% mortality rate to it
I really want to get itno undertale but I can't afford it and I can't help but get incoherently angry at every playthrough I've tried watching
people go into undertale playing it like a standard RPG and end up a genocidal maniac
ignoring the fact that the big thing seperating it is that you don't have to be a genocidal maniac
and the guy I was watching...he didn't realize that reloading was an intended feature, and did one or two things that were flat out horrifying
yep
saw that, flat out horrifying
undertale is a cruel mistress
and I look forward to it
also intend to actually purchase it at some point
probably three weeks from now at semester end
eh, mostly blind here, only know the first 15-30 minutes or so and even thats only partial
I'm far more thorough than most people are at that kind of stuff
I stopped using trailers to judge after ESO decided to spend all its money on advertising
as did EA and Ubisoft
from what I gather, theres always one clear way out
and then a less clear alternative
undertales like ss13 imo.  A 30 second trailer or 2 minute demo can't sum up the game
Or dwarf fortress or nethack
all great games, all have learning curves, all of them are shit to an outsider who doesn't know what they're looking at
Another example, EVE online, I bet many of you know it as the game where you use microsoft spreadsheets the majority of the time and get scammed out of real money.
when in reality the game is nothing like any of that, unless you plex and market pvp
Well if you don't like RPGs don't buy undertale
>Not getting CS:Go for $5 on sale
I learned new russian from CS: GO
did you know that cyka blyat idi nahui means "Hello, how are you?" in Russian?
at least I assume it does
judging by how much I hear it
huh
Also I'm still working out that jump shotting is a bad idea
The trick is to play teemo
and become cancer incarnate
Unfortunately, in worm verse toxic waste does not give you super powers, and as such immersing yourself in CS GO will not make you a cape
the trick is to master the art of global chat
once you've mastered how to post demoralizing, shit posting, cancer inducing dank memes into the global chat of the game, you can burn out your enemies retinas for the win
at least thats how we do it in TEST Alliance
So wait, when in doubt we should feed Cho'goth right?
wait really?
that sounds like a story right there
and the most important question: Is it possible to trigger from tumblr
thats actually a good question, and a topic I'm too poorly versed in to know
Although I appreciate that Weaverdice has the same thing going for it that Only war and Dark Heresy have
huh, they really are that specific of trigger circumstances?
I didn't even know there was that much nuance
link?
Also, I always thought the power classification symptom was one of those cases of diagnosing symptoms of power as opposed to diagnosing the actual origin of the power
like that you could be a precog, a luck manipulator, or just have good resources and still get the same classification for being able to dodge shit
that gets a bit confusing then
also, hypothetically couldn't masters very easily cause people to trigger?
even if its unintentional?
bonesaw was a trump?
I thought she'd already triggered
and then they found her
but if she was a tinker trump, than there was a potential for it to be explained conventionally, which also leads to a whole bunch of straight up scary implications
and ultimately to a much more messy version of the cauldron program
wasn't there some idea that second gen doesn't neccesarily have to even be genetic so much as proximity?
huh
Tinkers are just a pain in the ass to deal with in general
and bio tinkers are worse because you can't seperate them from there tech
every bio tinker thats been written up ultimately does some form fo self modifying. Its just a logical step to take
wasn't there also whatshisname on the derelict that was some kind of tinker?
also blasto wasn't quite a bio tinker if I remember him right
he could make clones but couldn't do much outside of that
fair enough
tinker/thinker is most common hybrid I think
which is also rare
and usually from tech powers
knowing where arteries are is irrelavent when you can just graze them with neurotoxin and do the same result
I'm scared to imagine what bonesaw could do with weaponized diseases
the reason they don't happen is because governments know its a bad idea and scientists have ethics
too bad I suck at programming
I never got what the difference between shaker and striker was
@Ereus, unless they can make it hail or have lightening strike specific people
I think at least
the nuances and specifics can be lawyered to hell and back
also, how do you get a power 0?
I remember there was some thinker 0 dude
night bow
and on that note Its 3 45 am and I need to sleep
and then binge pump out two essays
so guys, would you rather fight a duck sized behemoth or a behemoth sized duck?
procrastinating
behemoth doesn't obey square cube law, no reason the duck should either
but yeah, a duck size behemoth would be so adorable
SleepyBlooshy, aren't you forgetting the whole radiation poisoning part?
radiation counts as energy?
I thought it was kind of just a passive death aura he had
then why doesn't he function as a kinetic accelerator ever.  He could launch debris like a broken centrifuge and just wreck everything in a 50 mile radius
did we ever figure out the deal with the end bringers?  I remember there were theories
but then I remember there was suggestive evidence that it might be something else entirely
but then that didn't explain simurgh and her whole agenda
is it a her?
or an it?
did you know that less than an ounce of lead applied at high velocity to your skull can kill you in a catastrophic overdose?
also apparently Iron in its knife state is nasty
isn't that a myth?
the whole cell phone thing?
heat is not radiation
its the vibration of atoms
and how rapidly they are moving
in the case of cell phones its a mix of energy lost to inefficiency and your own body heat being absorbed
well that was annoying
that connection crash forced me to manually rejoin everything
yeah soulpelt was it
which one?
and aren't they all?
wat
I understood some of those words
probably not
so I think I'm only getting the last part of the conversation
Oh right
deafness, blindness, and dyslexia can make you immune to most infohazards
and also infohazards don't even have to be memes, I recall one SCP infohazard was an alien log that showed how, 20 thousand years from now, humanity would destroy there civilization
RIP me then
I was listing things that help, weren't meant to be together
I don't know actually
its a mixup in the part of your brain that connects visual to language and writing
people who are dyslexic can read math perfectly
the hype is real!  
Its a sandbox game
if you decide to make it spreadsheets and market pvp you can do that
you can manipulate your skills, module fittings, and a bunch of other shit to give you a small edge
or alternatively you can not give a fuck and blindly fly into the enemy and kill shit anyway
and you can join up with your fellow maniacs and blindly blow up valuable shit even more effectively
yep
new trailer came out
Or Jyg
or Jigga, and I've heard Jyggalo a few times also
Yeah, and I'm almost not shit at it too
but yeah, basically don't be toxic, listen to mods, don't rules lawyer, don't be a criminal, don't erp in chat, and put warnings on graphic images??
also don't be racist
but its still unclear whether C53s count as racism to discriminate against
aww
see, how do you not make fun of that
All of the hero names I come up with are awful, edgy, uncreative, or too tongue in cheek
Yeah
you didn't get the memo?
Technically he died due to illness
Robin Williams had the equivelent of dementia from his condition
which meant when he killed himself he was almost certainly not in any state of actual ability to make judgement
which, is probably more depressing
Hi lexi
or Lex
either works
so guys
what would shia labeouf be classified as?
Shia LaBeouf, what would he be classified as by the PRT?
How do you not know that song/setting
thats the easiest one shot setting to run
and he can do voice mimicry
definitely stranger
what about mover, he gets around pretty damn quickly
hell shia has been sighted on opposite sides of the globe, but never at the same time
Dide
Maybe Leviathan just needs a waifu
maybe thats why he attacked japan
You don't need powers to perform first aid
nor do you need them to rescue civilians, although they help
and where imps power comes in handy (or would have if it was exploited), was she could in theory have worn a RAD suit and placed bombs near behemoth, in theory she could get away with it
the one time she nearly died was because she got caught in cross fire
I thought that was an aoe fire breath thing
he was trying to incinerate everyone in that general direction
then why didn't he just nail her with lightening like he did reagent
which, by the way, was depressing AF
Chrono, we weren't arguing that point, we were arguing whether or not imp was singled out, which is possible, but I didn't think so for some reason
you can't both disarm bombs for a living and be fully sane
what did the cauldron vial numbers mean again?
P was probability, I think O was desirability?  and R was something else right?
er...letters
Wouldn't it just be slower regen than that for low power
as Aegis was pretty high power as far as brute went
seeing as you could tear out his entire chest cavity and not kill him
Wow, I'm really enjoying the cauldron list
occasionally one or two break it but just the emotionless description of horrifying or impressive powers adds something to it
if they didn't they intentionally turned a blind eye to it
I don't think they expected it to backfire like it did
y'all still talking about that?
oh, no, in the time I've been gone you moved on from hero high school to smut
I'm very confused
I assume thats a bot?? Or something
Hey, I don't know if worm goes into all of the alt worlds
but does Earth S have any non cape population?
Yeah, the crazy one
where everything was a hive mind
In my opinion, we should be eating fewer cows and more deer
but nobody wants to hunt deer for some reason
New York, deer are goddamn everywhere here
onitan, they're everywhere here, new jersey is even worse
the big problem is nobody can decide on gun laws here.  Every other governer promises to ban guns or open up the gun market
Introduce cats as the first land animal
they will serve as the sentinels that wipe out all future land evolution
that brings up the question, what if grey boy tried to time loop a time locked object.  Would it just be forever frozen?
You know, I realized something
Krieger would make the best tinker
krieger from Archer
I registered my original PSN with an aim account before AIM stopped being a thing
and I was 14 when I made it so I was an idiot and registered it under a birthday I can't remember.  So its basically gone
I'm still waiting on book six
I'm also starting to get that George R.R. martin isn't so much a great writer as an edgy one
although he is great at building up sympathy with a character before completely tearing our hearts out
I should probably
Uh oh
Does that mean alcoholism is imminent?
what the heck happened to cryptobin
some links from something I tried to look at were stored there
and apparently only thing I can find was from 2 months ago saying its down
oh god
if feral went rogue that'd be her wouldn't it
er...went to the dark side
just takes advantage of immortality to do shit like that
but the free games
Ridtom, when has SONY or Playstation EVER let us down with something online?
I was hoping you'd point out the two month service outages of the past or the major security breaches
but that works too
Beware The Wall!!!
Try Jumping
Be wary of behind
often
its done for support, gimmicks, fight clubs...
or duels
fight clubs are always fun
heh
I've seen some flat out obnoxious tricks recently that have surfaced
such as some high stamina regen shield build
I'll find the video
as long as you stay within a certain distance
you can't while your sign is down
Also this 
what about the other linked video?
Hey guys
would a Fake Moustache count as a T1 costume?
all of us have that
hell I run off a laptop so whenever I reposition I have to reconnect
well you see
one part of its underwater
the other part of its coated in blood, viscera, and bomb residue
or you can ping WarnerBrother if you have a death wish.
here at bP (Brockton Petrolium), we'd just like to say... "We're sorry"
am I allowed to call him Wei Bow?
Or WeBalo
that one was pure sleep deprivation
think about it
for like 5 seconds
Morning cyr
just Weibo things
I'm trying to finish reading to actually do an online phylosiophy quiz
because I gotta crunch an essay, harrass a store, and print out papers tomorrow
and then drive 40 minutes to boston to visit family
yeah, my philosophy class does online quizzes for papers we've read
which are half the time offlien and so flowery it doesnt matter
its the kind of dense shit that I read and end up forced onto akun to get away from for the next week
you hit the enter key reaching for the shift key didn't you
I do that all the fucking time
Goddamn it I did it again
I have a very bad habit born of the early 2000s of assuming every person in IRC is male until stated otherwise
and its resulted in a great many incidents, including one with an admin in a community I'd been a part of for 3 years giving me an infinite amount of shit over not knowing that
it will henceforth be noted in the back of my mind somewhere and probably never brought up in a significant context again
I blindly assume everyones male at first
and then try making a mental image based off of what you guys say afterwards
thats almost always wrong
I just assumed skinny
and/or angelic
Basically, I'm perceptive but easily distractable, and usually am in a state of semi distraction
so when I'm paying attention to a topic I pick all sorts of crap up you wouldn't imagine, but when I'm distracted, which is 80% of the time I'm around, I'll just make an ass of myself
and seeing as I've used my IRL gmail a few times on here, I've basically given up on privacy online.
but yeah, Cyrix I just changed to cyril and thought of the guy from Archer at first
I think my ex girlfriends mother
who was into that stuff
Fun fact: In Space Station 13 I'd actually rig decks up to only have negative tarot cards in them, so I could just pull out death or the hanged man and ruin peoples day
you literally show as yellow here wing
What about Sam?
heh
eh, I was asking what color you thought the name was
My main interest is neurobiology, and behavioral biology so this shit fascinates me
Its a automatic function, so far actually considered a sign of someone with better cross brain connections
so far no negative correlations have been found with synthsezia to anything else, so it remains one of the two conditions known that just hold an esoteric interest
unfortunately I have a processing speed that pulled in the 11th percentile so I can't do this shit effectively
do you associate letters the same way or just personalities and names?
pink, your names fun because it fucks with peoples brains a bit
if you make those associations automatically then yes, symbols and letter synthcsesia is a thing
as is with personalities, and its widely considered a very interesting thing, with three or four known ways of manifesting it
remember, the part of your brain that interprets symbols is different from the part that interpret names, and thats all different from the part of your brain that interprets colors
so if your brain is connecting those things unconventionally, thats synthsesia (no idea how to spell)
anyway, you can get it from birth, develop it in your teens to early twenties similarly to how schizophrenia can manifest (although far less traumatically)
develop it from head trauma (concussions), or cause it to occur via drug use
kids are more likely to have it and it can atrophy as they get older in some cases, because the young brain is still developing and fine tuning neural passages
basically, your brain, when your young, generally is connected to everything equally, and specializes as it gets older
this is an evolutionary mechanism meant to allow us to evolve to whatever conditions were raised in, and fill whatever niche in society we need to fit into
the ability to interpret letters as colors tends to get atrophied because its not useful for anything practical
you're one of the few to retain that at all really, due to some currently poorly known anomaly that is at least partially genetic
ADHD is genetic
or at least is mostly
and its been associated with 4 or 5 other mental illnesses
I think extroversion and synthsezia are shared
correlated
not always ut sometimes
Nope
completely wrong
Synthesia having people are more likely to go into the arts
not more likely to be extraverted
sorry, I'm pulling this mostly from memory
but yeah, if you have ADHD, tourettes, autism, bipolar disorder, or OCD your more likely to have the other four
also all sorts of other weird minor shit
like I picked up minor spectrum disorder as well as a whole slew of sensory and mild neurological problems
The human brain is impressive with how it adapts to situations
you can literally con yourself into taking on personality traits, if kept up long enough
There was actually a medical case study on some guy who came into the hospital complaining of weakness in his leg.  Turns out the guy had high cranial pressure and was missing between 50% and 75% of his brain mass
granted, for all of us that ideal person is a fantasy
it also goes into the whole nature nurture debate, which is another can of worms I'd love to spend hours talking about
there is no ethical way to identify how much of your personality is what you were born with, and how much is due to environmental conditions
Or do what I do, stress yourself to the point of having a nervous breakdown, and come to the sudden realization that you don't actually give a shit about what other people think
honestly, I still have no idea about what my sexuality is, and I'm in college
I like to think I'm straight, but I keep getting crap repeatedly that makes me question that, some of which is related to neurological issues, but some... just isn't
as I was about to say
I don't know what my sexuality is, but I solved that the same way I solved the rest of my concerns about myself
I stopped questioning it
I just decided that line of questioning is non-productive and moved onto shit I can actually question
like whether my roommates going through a nervous breakdown or legitimately believes there is a gay agenda out to ruin everything he believes in
Hes a florida republican transplanted in the middle of bleeding heart liberal Massechusettes
and has anxiety issues even before its only 2 weeks to summer
yeah, I'm just concerned because I've seen him be a bit more aggressive and a lot more radically christian than I've seen him the entire rest of the school year in the past few days
anyway
I g2g
its 4:08 AM
and I have class in 6 hours
and then need to get forms in before I pass out at noon
ooh, which one?
Kind of like  11/22/63, By stephen king
goes from "Oh I can go back in time using this wormhole in my storage room to buy cheap meat", to "I tried to save JFK and now I'm dying of cancer", to "I saved JFK and accidentally butterflied the world"
reminds me of the story of whatshisname from The Walking dead game
Sorry, Ben
Fucking Ben from the walking dead gets a whole guys family killed and then absolutely fails to ever redeem himself in any meaningful way
also ends up trying to pay a ransom on his own, despite the fact that everyone else could have helped
I have meds for that... sort of
my meds make me have lucid dreams
and lucid dreams are amazing for self diagnosing concerns or subconsious thoughts, unsuprisingly the big one I get subconsiously is home sickness or missing my family
side effect of medication
Also, ESL did something obnoxious again
they banned my favorite team and their sponsor
er... Team YouPorn?
always have a plan A, B, C, D and then be prepared to wing it when the internet bipasses all of that
also remember trap options are a valid thing
In saints defense
finding out there was a skynet like AI that was behind literally everything PRT related would be terrifying
Granted he was a dick with his timing though
and should have considered getting thinkers onboard to actually fill the massive niche he'd be opening.  Theres plenty of people that could've fit in for it, and would likely take that roll for the sake of having all that intel at there disposal
but at least he gets an E for effort, and an F for the abject failure that resulted from his actions
onitan, except for all the times they DID lose with alexandria on there side
Fighting End bringers in a nutshell: 
not knowing how to do italics
now to figure out comic sans and become cancer
Doesn't behemoth technically always win with the radiation thing?
I mean that land shouldn't be safe for a long ass time, and hes gotta irradiate aquifers a lot too
Do we know if scion did that more than once
I always get penis enhancement meds
I actually got a message from myself spamming it
wherein they horribly botched my name by whatever algorithm they were using to be firstname.lastname instead of firstname lastname
its like a power, it never ends
you'll be walking with your family and it'll go off one day
covering things in... Italics?
I just got a notification for attempting to send colors to chat?
wat
think about that phrasing for a second tom
damn, this channel sure did shitty in school
RIP
Remember folks
just scream "Am I being detained" three times and you'll summon Ron Paul from the Ether to save you
to save you from big government that is
I've only ever gotten two shinies legitly
one was a geodude, the other was a zubat
I have my own cache of samurai chai and pilfered brown sugar in my dorm for rainy days
and by rainy days I mean all nighters
I just assumed we were talking loose leaf tea
Will do
>Not using +10 Katana, folded over 1000 times
But seriously, use clubs
you can just go clubbing
Its a tradition in canada for a reason
Also whatever that fucking death ray is?
Just don't be suprised if your waifu dies when you use a greatsword as a primary weapon
RIP Aerit
Aerith
mound makers are fun but there are too many of them now
Dark souls is nothing ever since I got into EVE and SS13
you better be running some sort of a gimmick
like those guys who played as shrek, donkey, and puss n boots
also you're missing out on the whole invasion aspect ko
heh
I always love the abominations people make with the character creator
I plan on wearing drag and fighting people with a whip
of course
Elite Dangerous?
Xtree elite dangerous is a thing, as is star citi... okay I couldn't keep a straight face on that one
Well you see, you take your sword, and you shove it into the other guys chest
what about star citizen Aurelius
a game that makes a better dynamic gravity FPS then a space ship game
because they were idiots and decided to do everything themselves
never not play teemo
Oh god why!?
Comcast bought Dreamworks!
WHY COMCAST!?  WHY MUST YOU STILL EXIST!?
they own universal!?
FUCK
How do I not give them money then!?
Verizon fios?
Google fibre?
I might or might not have goofed
a bunch of people on the 4chan quest thread based in wormverse are interested in the irc and games going on
and might make there way here
so expect a lot of newbros, some of which will be terrible people
Just giving you guys a heads up
its always a mixed bag with 4chan
remember, 4chan uses the word fag casually to designate various groups of people, they're stance on derrogatory phrasing is liberal to say the least
Who says its waiting inside?
Remember folks, when you post online you never know if someones a nazi
India nazis and Brazil nazis are different
Brazil and south american nazis are edgy assholes who legitimately are racist
in India and much of Asia, they focus on Japan as the great evil of WWII
and Germany gets remembered as Europes problem, so to them they only see the Nazis for there military success and organization, not for the concentration camps that us Europeans and Americans focus on
Argentina is in the same boat as brazil
here?
US took on german scientists because Russia would have otherwise
Isn't there several conspiracy theories that say hitler is in Argentina?
or the moon?
but yeah, Argentina has the edgy kind also
I'm American
Its in the dirty communist America
not the Patriotic Freedom America
Yep
When America put a whole bunch of Juntas in power all across south america
and then supported multiple literal murder squads
in some cases actively training them
Ah Pinochet, that was a fun one, and started a war
Yeah, I joke about being Murican and all that
but Americas done a lot of horrifyign shit
although England is now overshadowing America for shady conspiracy theories
The british Intelligence Services have less oversight and more surveillence than even NSA
RIP
PTSD could contribute to tinkers
you know, long term stressors
and a PTSD induced breakdown could easily be a trigger
one day something just clicks and suddenly you're a gibbering wreck that can build himself a fucking fortress
Christ, imagine the booby traps
new meta 
Wasn't shadow stalker a breaker mover?
Or she could be drawing from some whole extradimensional bullshittery
She also actively avoided testing the whole "does damage transfer over" thing
for obvious reasons
I still love the concept that capes are effectively all infected by giant extradimensional parasites
So, if she were to hotbox she'd have a helluva time
unfortunately we don't know the full story
we only know what happens when it goes horribly wrong
I gotta go to bed now
the birds are about to wake up
echo
echo
Its always legal if you don't get caught
Also I have an endbringer fight image actually
apparently its quite accurate
But its totally unethical to shoot a panda
Saints row 3 taught me that
Also 
Think that weasel has super powers?
Oh christ
all the 4chan reviews on zootopia were horrifying
It seems as if there was a great autism epidemic in 2003
that carried over to the next 13 years
literally can't link em here
Not brave enough
literally considered the movie furry porn
and in some cases went into explicit detail
Actually, I've been suprisingly happy with the original justice league series, particularly season II which has some interesting ramifications and implied killings
Also superman breaks the meme and actually uses his lasers on people
worm managed to get me back into a superhero phase
I even came up with a whole concept for a friction shaker
But yeah, I'll talk about the concept in weaverdice
Does anyone else have a problem where auto connect fucks up and thinks the address is wrong?
the irc?
the one we're currently in
I keep getting a weird error on autoconnect where it doesn't acknowledge this as being a valid address, requiring me to then manually reconnect
Hexchat
huh
irc.parahumans.net
Probably
just here
by the way, if you play dark souls, you might not want to play dark souls now
Someone found an exploit to get people softbanned
and someone else actually started livestreaming himself doing it to people
its a weapon stat that allows you to give people souls upon hitting them
and yes
anyway, the thing i hes already gotten at least a dozen people banned
its a softban so its easily worked around, but it still sucks
so you can just rapidly give someone 60,000 souls in under a second and then the server freaks out and bans them
Try Jumping
Always trust the floor signs
because if its scrolled on the floor its definitely true
any time bro
anyway brb
speaking of jesus christ
Fucking Australia
I only recently learned
starter pokemon were literally difficulty selection
I think it was Water type-easy, fire type-medium grass type-hard?
Daily reminder that your waifu is shit
Ernie?
why would you ever press B anyway
it doesn't give you any advantage I'm aware of, unless you're using eevee or trying to get sheninja
and even that scenerio requires you to be an idiot
wait what?
don't they also just not learn some moves?
what about magikarp?
You mean abra
kadabras second tier
and I think the highest tier you can get without trading
Reminds me of my brother playing fifa soccer
of course, at this point both him and my father have shelled out potentially over a hundred dollars to fix the drywall, replace controllers they smashed, and fix the cabinet when it breaks from that
they both have a bit of a competitive streak and I'd argue mild issues with losing
Its my father too VereorNox
they both get pissed at the game
Hey, the only reason that I'm not like them is because I grew up on dark souls, Dwarf Fortress, and space station 13
I'm literally too used to losing to get angry at it
huh, whenever I join a community I tend to shit it up with bad jokes and attempt to get editing access so I can grammar nazi all the minor errors out of things because I'm OCD
and because apparently nobody knows how to run spellcheck
eh, not OCD, just a grammar nazi
Anyway, apparently Leicester is losing against ManU so now I'm upset
and I need to write out 400+ words today to not fail my final
They're 1st place in the league
somehow
Well now I feel bad
and its mostly just what appears to be editing errors on the main page
ok bb
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Yeah
Its a weird fucking season Elara
Also Arsenals forever in 4th place sadly
And chelsea nearly got relegated, Aston Villa finally DID get relegated, and Liverpool was doing eh last I remember
which team do you support Elara?
and I assume all of the rest of you uncultured swine don' have a favorite team
honestly, I can no longer tell how much of what you're saying is true and how much you're fucking with us
granted I'm new so I don't even know how old you are to judge
huh
well now I feel like an ass
glad to see I'm among good company
its soccer, who isn't
hey, it could be worse, you could have gotten corrupted by /tg/ and /d/ and ended up with every legal fetish in existence
some of which aren't physically possible
when they say 4chan is cancer they mean it
Does that work if you're at my level of depravity?
wat
and thats why I'm no longer allowed within 200 feet of a school
oh, hi mega
quick question, is there anyone here who IS neurotypical?
or do literally all of us have some form of ADD and/or autism
get with the times Ereus
its called Non-specific Spectrum disorder
or they might have just reclassified it again the other day
because fuck phychology
also fuck taxonomy while were at it
fuckers redid everything
Yes!
Leichester tied ManU
Leicester*
Premier league
that was premier league mega
What about all the capes that die to bad luck
or radiation poisoning
or drowning
two of the three were things scion couldn't do
Wasn't it only Simurgh who was immune?
what happened?
Fine
we've been kicked out of #weaverdice
because apparently inferring from a weaverdice power that there is a universe where everyone is a kitten and worm occurred purely involving cats is too far
and the cute idea of armsmeowster falling asleep on dragons router is not acceptable there
at least to SOME people
Also kitty skitter triggers after getting trapped in a litter box
heh
don't forget all those instances where the universe just crushed inward immediately
killing any hope and future life in a heartbeat
Colonel_Fedora, I'm sure you were a politician in one of them
aww
so I can't play kitty history in here
They need to give month notice
and log everything if they do a DIY eviction
theres literally whole groups of people dedicated to information on this
oh
phew
Theres a depressingly large amount of situations involving tenant landlord disputes that make it online
and involve all sorts of bullshit you wouldn't believe
we even had an incident in Long Island where a landlord burned his own house down to evict a family
that did not go well for the land lord
on top of the property damage, illegal eviction fines, and all the other crap, he also got arrested for arson
My uncles brother got arrested for blowing up a shed once
nice
naturally
wait a second
how is your brothers dad different from your dad
wait never mind, yeah I put those dots together, took me a moment
anyway
My uncles brother apparently used to horde firearms and explosives, and one day his neighbors were having a loud house party and apparently refused to tone it down.  So their shed blew up
and I think he spent like 3 years in prison.
I'm from a fire fighting family, the amount of bullshit I could tell you about how to do or that has been done is astounding
well, you see, gasoline is usually 10% ethanol, so if you only drink 10% of it you'll be fine
call 911 if hes threatening you harm
or otherwise being intimidating
get an assault charge on his record
aim for the neck and crotch, works every time
or go for the parry
Abusive relationships don't always end that cleanly
speaking of god abuse, a friend of mine had that whole debate recently about that
Your landlord damage anything?
Because shit like this usually gets annoying
Can you use there driveway/front yard?
You DID get your deposit back before that yes?
good, because otherwise they'd likely be a dick and tack on a steam cleaning charge to it
Unfortunately I was looking at the old list so no idea now
eh, its an average GM
You rolled a 430...
fit/ is more gay than /lgbt/, /x/ is creepypasta, and /v/, /a/, and /pol/ are all cancer
also /tg/ is /d/-lite
your waifu is a shit
You have to remember, the mods do it for free
which is a meme now
Hey guys
how bad do you think conspiracy theories are in wormverse
like do you think some people are convinced that all the capes are lizards and the c53s that actually look like lizards are proof?
Wasn't cauldron running the Triumvirate?
True
The golden rule of the world, once its not novel nobody cares
just look at gay marriage, ever since its happened people have begun to care less and less about it
even the crazy people who said it'd end the world
just like with every other new thing
Didn't that guy who predicted that have a stroke?
yeah, thats the May 21st guy
kept people in a cult for 20 years over it
and convinced them all to quit there jobs and get rid of ALL of there earthly possessions
didn't even take em, they all went to charity
so now all of his followers have been fucked in poverty ever since
Holy shit 
Man I remember that church, it was one of the nicer bits of archetecture on the street
Granted, it wouldn't be NYC if we didn't have something catastrophically burn down or explode once every few months
Looks like the current buildings a total loss
4 alarm fire with extreme structural damage
basically 4 alarm fire means anyone inside is on there own and keep the fuck away at minimum safe distance because that buildings going to collapse
er... probably is going to
5 alarm means it definitely is going to collapse and is difficult to contain
4 alarm is slightly better but still means that you
that you're going for damage control for surrounding buildings, not for the burning one
Well, its official
random anonymous people on 4chan think the gdocs editing is shit
By the way, I find the fact that the very fabric of the universe can get thrown about by gravity waves without us ever noticing to be awesome
I got banned from working at the suicide hotline, apparently I misunderstood the concept
Nada, you have no idea, also how much damage the human body can dish out as well
its suspected our hands actually have evolved for punching
and when you get a good hit off you can do a massive amount of damage, even to animals you wouldn't expect
part of why cougars run from us if we notice them first
tigers are still scarier though
I used to fight turkeys...does that count?
So basically you know how to WWE fight
also I gotta go so I'll stop fucking with you guys
Why does every town have to have a main street
actually wait
that makes sense
But yeah, since Its not relavent to #weaverdice, my city has the ugliest statue in New England
and I say that with no exaggeration or hubris
Yeah, I'
Ive got an uncle on the way to prison
and another on the way to the morgue
Latter was my favorite uncle too.  Only one who was really fun to hang out with
thanks bow
AC/DC sold out
Why do idiots online think bunker gear is fucking adamantium, or more so think that I know the science behind the "if you do this you'll die" lessons we learned
Yeah, although I had to stop ever since going to college in Worchester
I think I'm still technically auxillary
anyway, I got in an argument because idiots think that bunker gear stops steam, it doesn't.
Awesome, which county?
Anyway, Jerseys interesting for firefighting because its got a little of everything
you've got factory industrial, suburban environment, urban buildup, rundown urban, and the jersey shore
My condolences
That counties got trenton in it
Trenton is basically Flint Michigan if nobody cared about the water
Yeah, Brooklyns got some good shit in it
although, in the usual NY Trend I am obligated to resent you Church
Everyone thinks my home counties either part of NYC or Upstate new york, and we resent both of you for it.
Basically, to those of you not from NY, every part of new york hates, resent, or is rivals with every other part of NY, in what forms an amazing relationship
Westchester
At least we don't have to put up with the UN drivers
UN Diplomat drivers that is
Eh
So, hows the weather?
And also I heard one of the historic churches burned down in the city
SON OF A BITCH
Someone just spoiled GoT 6 for me
Why has DSP been coming up so often?
But the one thing DSP is good for, is that he'll get videos up about 10 seconds after a game gets released to streamers
He still has less anger issues than either my dad or my brother do when I see them game
People have gotten banned for having sex on stream before, so almost certainly
even heard a case of someone copping a week ban the other day because of a porn gif that got accidentally opened
Hey guys, I got a question.  A hilariously unethical question
If you carted alexandrias comatose body into an orphanage, couldn't you make a ton of second gen capes?
wait what?
I think I don't understand the shard complex fully
so cauldron capes all use dead shards?
So what you're saying is...if we knocked a natural cape into a coma we could use them to give people powers?
Like an incredibly shitty version of cauldron
So no coma capes?
Blushy no!
Fre department SCBA tanks are one of the most inefficient designs you could ever imagine
They rely on over-venting air into the mask because its not sealed and that positive pressure difference will keep smoke out
so if you're too air efficient you'd actually melt your own face, and if you're too inefficient you only get 10-15 minutes effective time
granted anything more than 30 in a fire and you're dangerously dehydrated
Yes, which is once again a cost cutting measure because it means you don't need a fitted mask for every firefighter
you can just use a $20 PoS mask and throw more people into the fire that wa
Yes, but they're still not great
and nobody ever resets them properly
Also lankhmar funny enough, our SoP is the exact same as yours
evacuate the building and watch the pretty flames, after calling in a real hazmat team
That sounds amazing
@lankhmar, not nearly as fun as you'd think
they usually just crack and vent fire
stupid OSHA made it so they can't become projectile weapons anymore
I'm dissapointed that the wormverse doesn't exploit government creep, political red tape, and general fuckery as much as possible
you know, like having various government agencies try to compete with each other and the protectorate to get capes
having the NSA recruiting thinkers by the dozen, or having various local police agencies constantly trying to recruit capes to pressure the PRT out of its area.  You know, the same way that you've got the FBI, staties, and county PD constantly fucking each other over
Fuck misclick
anyway, guys I have a conspiracy theory
Damn, you're right
I'm actually a hacker named 4chan
Usually its idiots doing dumb shit without any real organization
similar to how the boston bomber fiasco on reddit occurred
anyway
I have a theory
what if... what if Apollo 11 was an inside job?
#NSFW ?
Guys, technically #politic material, but Ted Cruz just dropped out
Vodka is the choice drink of my slavic ancestors
and I'll be damned if I'll dissapoint my ancestors
I didnt even know that was a thing
But yeah, also my dad had a sort've kind've not really horror story from his whiskey drinking days.
you should've rhymed that
night wing, don't let the bed bugs...uh...sing?
hey bow, now you have to sell out to hollywood and make a god awful cliche movie of it thats nothing more than a lame money grab
and then you need to claim you're happy with it
don't forget to lose 90% of the message and unique content of worm and kill off major plot points early on
Fucking Christopher Paolini
hey Redbull
that was a bad joke
decisions decisions
on one hand I could read The Dead, write a paper on it, and actually pass my final
or I could start reading leaf and actually read something that isn't boring as shit
Everyone who dresses up as a hero in NYC is usually a meth head
or just that fucking desperate
Why the hell do I always call Twig leaf
every fucking time I mix that up
Thalia, that would keep them from suffering brain damage long enough for paramedics to arrive
nerd
Also honest confession
when I read ghosts comment I thought I was in #goonstation, not here
its an irc channel on another hub thats for space station 13
and has a community thats arguably about as insane as this one
very fun group of people
its on #synIRC
er... just synirc
Oh fuck
New Fallout DLC is Bar Harbor Maine
one of the most awesome places in the east coast
Ereus, have you updated directX?
or your graphics cards?
update them
Open devices
Ereus, are your graphics cards above minimum requirements?
If so make sure to set them to preferred use
then you respond with lol git gud scrub
and start posting low effort memes
and porn gifs
Thats how us EVE players do it
fight cancer with bigger and more cancerous cancer
the real battles occur in local, podding is a way to get people out of local, and docking up is OP
Awoxing is a legit strategy
Awoxing, is when you shoot someone who has friendly status to you in eve
or otherwise facilitate them getting blown up, while registering as friendly to them
EVE allows you to do a ton of shady shit so long as it remains in game
hell, so long as it isn't illegal you can probably get away with it
But yeah, I've been thinking, and I think bow has the problem with writing that most of the popular authors depressingly have for whatever reason
in that many authors can't finish a story well
with worm you had the advantage of he knew all the major world points ahead of time
but he still suffered the problem of creeping too far with the early portions and having to rush later portions, and then having characters killed off in the background hurt that a bit also
Thats what makes what you did impressive
These are complaints that are common for popular major authors
as in you're already multiple levels above what would be expected of a first piece
and all of that without hitting cliches like other popular 1st timers in the past
thats mostly because 1st time writers tend to fail on characterization, fail at plot twists, and self insert too much because its easy to do
none of those occurred as far as I'm aware with worm
I only really disliked one or two bits of it, and that mainly made sense later when you realize just how fucking crooked the PRT is
I do feel there were some weak points in the story, mainly around the transition of skitter surrendering to the PRT and all that jazz
and the whole interlude before the school scene
It was a stupid half cocked course of action that then escalates weirdly, especially seeing as the PRT recruited from criminals getting arrested anyway
and then bringing alexandria in on something like that was pretty bizzare as well
and then they fucked with a high level master who was known to respond with extreme aggression to stressful situations and put her through an extremely stressful situation
somehow not realizing that would only result in, big suprise, extreme aggression
also I still don't understand how that killed alexandria
if particulate could kill her that easily it should have already done so
speaking of
the whole battery being a cauldron plant to battery dying was a bit hamfisted too
I get it was to put assault into it more but still
Was that echidna event just what happens when shards go very, very wrong also?
Also the decision to break the basic unspoken cape rules to try to catch skitter by suprise at a school was dumb, but it was dumb on an arguably in character level
Night all!
Also my condolences Wild
hey ereus
Stellaris is supposed to be CK 2 in space
or EU 4 in space
still unclear on that
Can't wait to play as nanotrasen and enfranchise the universe
I used to be like that, turned out my meds were causing anxiety
and I had it so bad that now I pretty much can't have an anxiety attack
christ
how do people not see a problem with having repeated suicidal thoughts
I mean, I have that high up on my long list of "Stop what you're doing and fix your shit" list
up there with shooting up on drugs into my dick or finding myself living in a trailer wearing a torn wifebeater
I have a lot of oddly specific shit on that list
Similar things of note: Wearing a fursuit, in any context.  Waking up nude under a bridge.  Anything involving scientology.  Anything involving narcotics in pooper.  Unironically joining a satanic cult.  Unironic wearing of a fedora/trenchcoat.  Supporting Donald Trump unironically (make memes real 2016!).
Ereus, I'd start a legitimate jewish conspiracy, just so people could actually say there was one
But in all seriousness, Judaism would do what we've always done in those situations: Argue and debate about it endlessly until we all agreed the book wasn't intended to cover that o that its totally acceptable because X
scholarly debates are quite interesting actually, and we don't believe in hell, so we're pretty clean on that
although we do have an odd belief set which designates us as better than everyone else for no apparent reason
because we get to go directly to heaven while you all get to go to the waiting room
Although, we're basically in an abusive relationship with god.
Hes constantly beating on us and abusing us and we're totally okay with it because we know that deep down he loves us
I think thats actually another thing on my fix your shit list: Physically beating/being beaten by S/O as a relationship coping mechanism
elaine, don't forget: I'm not happy with my end result of the world I totally made, so I'm going to flood it out and let humanity struggle to repopulate...again...after promising to protect them
and the "I've given you this holy land, so now I'm going to create a 7 year famine and warn the egyptians instead of you, enjoy!"
followed 100 years later with "I'm going to harden this pharoahs heart so I have an excuse to kill everyone ever"
Ereus, that last ones a popular theory
its just that whatever the space the universes is in is expanding constantly so we're moving away from them at speeds that are relatively greater than light speed
Ereus, it has to be possible in physics and has to evolutionarily make sense, and 99+% of the universes either end in a great crush or explode outward and fail to form molecules much less solar systems
then our understanding of everything is fundamentally wrong and we can't predict shit
basically, the coefficient you'd need to form the universe just right like it did for this big bang was so oddly specific that they're pretty sure theres millions of failed cases of it
and we only conveniently formed on the one it worked in because we couldn't physically exist anywhere else to begin with
we had to be here because otherwise we couldn't exist
and then the headaches begin
the alternate theory is, the universe is an artificial construct build specifically to create us
and that we may be the end result of a manufacturing process intended to create intelligent life, with the most complex thing in the universe looking up at it looking for life
some guy had really good videos on this actually
Make anime real
your waifus a shit
Thats exactly my goal in life
I want to be like that writer that started the civil war
sometimes I get this odd feeling like I'm a terrible human being
Don't let your memes be memes
make anime real 2016
Web serial is pretty tasty
or is that cereal
the trick is to trademark your own name so nobody can ticket or sue you without giving you money
didn't that happen in some games
where coders fucked up and left debug prompts in
and everyone broke everything
can I bring my teamo?
A corporation tried to copyright the word Scrolls
and apple tried to copyright button pressing
and DID copyright sliding
Tadpole, doesn't hold up in court if they try claiming it
if you take a photo and upload it to the cloud as photographer you still hold IP on it
which actually led to an interesting lawsuit against wikipedia
Yes, but they can't straight up steal shit
still, don't use the cloud more than you have to
except to upload your nudes in
always upload nudes onto the cloud, its basically designed for it
its mostly to allow them to sell it to data brokers
whats really depressing is just how much meta data they take on you
I've given up all anonymity online, except with for porn browsing and even that I know is superficial
which I really hope doesn't bite me in the ass 20 years from now (it will)
Oh god
I looked at forsens stream chat
I'm blind
its pure cancer
pure unadulterated weaponized cancer
I was planning on using the next microsoft tech scam by following the guys instructions on my microwave
procrastinating terminally
The government isn't stupid per say, its just smart in a very dumb manner
like investing in a universal plane system and having a lowest bidder on it despite the fact that they end up over-invested and often end up being stupid with that
because specialization isn't actually a bad thing despite what the military thinks
wat
Holy shit dude
I've got 2 uncles on my moms side, with 2 and 3 kids respectively, and on my dads side an aunt with 2 kids
This is why we need to build a wall
Whats that phrase for fucking up during a social engagement again
its something like Faux Paus or Fois Gras or something
so wait, which is it?
oh, Faux Pas
thanks
Books, movies, video games, porn, and sleeping equipment
if you can sleep a few hours off mid air it helps
dramamine has drowsyness as a symptom
if you use it it helps the whole sleep thing
used to use it to counteract my adderal which kept me from being able to sleep on planes, which was probably very stupid
One good trick for passing time in an airport is to work on your terrorism and bomb jokes, preferably bring your fellow passengers and even the flight assistant into the loop so you can provide them comedic relief.
Never flown air canada
Actually wait no
Vancouver is a beautiful city
granted I only spent about 4 hours in it
and all of them were in hotels
er...airports
  Another terrorist Thwarted
Also don't do that too apparently
If life were supposed to be blindly happy without us having to make difficult choices it'd be hella boring
Its the difficult choices that give the rest of our experience with life meaning, and that difficult road that makes the happy moments significant
I really need to figure out a macro for that
Thats eternal youth
not immortality
Immortality is strictly speaking either not dying or not aging from adulthood.
The trick is to be immortal and effectively carry every awful disease into the future
black plague for everyone
Anime is bad m'kay
We are going to build a wall and make anime pay for it
God damn Neutrals!
Hey
can some of you goyim please explain to me what the feast of epiphany is?
I'm unfamiliar with the holiday and its deeply tied into a story I have to write about for tomorrow
no, writing an essay
That actually makes a lot of sense now
thanks
Goddamn protists
taxonomists can't spend a day not reclassifying them can they
Just in time for hugs
D'aww
I can name a half a dozen OTC meds you can use to make you pass the hell out
anti-histamines, dramamine, some cough meds
I'd probably recommend dramamine or melatonin if you really need a sleep aid
At least thats what I'd normally use, haven't had to use a sleep aid ever since I dropped ritalin.
Ah america, the nation of solving your problems with drugs
huh
What kind of writing do you do?
I can crash any time anywhere due to my meds
and occasionally have what might arguably be mild narcolepsy
Tomorrow is my last final, but yeah I'll read it
although fanfics always scare me by name alone, probably because of some of the...worse...examples I've seen
Toy story and harry potter have never been the same since...
the emotional scarring just runs too deep from those incidents
Particularly woody
Fucking clowns, gotta spam that shit over the radio from space
and none of you play space station 13 so thats lost on you
but yeah, I'll read it rit, and since people are complementing it I probably will enjoy it
You know, I'm suprised I immediately fit so well in this community
normally I have a bumpy start where I accidentally offend someone or drop a slur or something
is it any good?
Is it like EU4 in space or CK2 in space?
I feel like I got scammed, fucking textbooks
my school wont buy back my books and since its a soft cover neither will anyone else
So I'm out a few hundred dollars
But at least I got access to the quizzes we only had one of the two semester
There used to be whole websites for online textbooks
then they figured out that the only way to stop that would be to start suing students
and so they did
and now they're all gone
Yeah, but not the course access codes attached to them
because hail satan give me money
hey elaine, want to join my religion?  You can add another disadvantage onto it, granted Islam might be better suited fo rthat
heh
Judaism here, I mean really, you kill one guy for heresy and suddenly the entire world hates you for the next 2000 years
Because I don't sexually represent as a quail
that is what the Q stands for right?
but wouldn't that be G and L teruzi?
and queer is a derrogatory so it wouldn't make sense to begin with
You lied
you sent me to #LGTBQ which is not a thing
it is not a thing and has never been a thing teruzi
Transistor music was amazing
pretty sure they can't ship that in the mail
technically biohazard
Its animal remains
...
Do we know to what standard?
and more importantly, does USPS?
this is the same reason you can't ship lumbar, fruit, or batteries also
lumber*
oh god
never buy from a store with a TV show
it never ends well
unless it was just featured
then its probably overpriced yet fine'
why not just adopt a cat and wait a bit?
costs like $5 from a shelter
and you can get an old mangey one
When I went to iceland people were selling whalebone
if it wasn't a felony to transport or possess, I would've been very tempted to buy a piece
fucking TSA
I didn't mean starving cats
thats not nearly proactive enough
Bruticus, I didn't realize you were vietnamese
Oh god I fucked up
I indulged in high quantities of powdered sugar, fried dough, milk products, and caffine.  I react poorly to any of those in high quantity, to put them together was just the pinnacle of stupidity
so now here I am in the morning hating life
basically my body has decided that I can go fuck myself and my digestive systems effectively shut down
and I feel like shit, best part is, no alcohol involved
was trying to play it safe before my final
I also need to move out tomorrow so I can't afford to vomit in the room
@panth, any true wizard would
SCIENCE!(causes a large amount of radioactive fallout)
oh right
poor l33t, you can almost sympathize with him
except you can't really
what ever happened to them anyway
I assumed they died horribly at some point but I'm unaware of how or when
Probably drowned to a certain endbringer.
huh
I just assumed he was drowned by leviathan
he'd actually have a really good one time power for that
how many nautical themed things could he have created
he could literally create the yellow submarine
A psychedelic submarine in a flooded urban environment
remember, that thing went across fucking alternate dimensions in the movie
would definitely be the trippiest way to get saved
also did the PRT ever figure out that tattletale wasn't actually omnipotent or any of the shit she was bluffing she was?
and she reinforced that claim repeatedly
either lying she was omnipotent or lying she was a psychic
oh
fuck
anyway, omniscient can still be valid, I mean its like wikipedia, you can have all that data at your finger tips and still take to long to grab it
or just be unable to dig through all the crap on top of it to find it
She would've been the best shipper
who?
oh right
the only reason Perdition didn't kill her is that she wasn't his main target
just a witness he half assedly cared about
He managed to annoy what was effectively a demigod
thats impressive
he pissed off it enough to go out of its way to pick a target that physically was unable to harm it
and wasn't even able to save people really
I was saying reagent annoyed behemoth enough to literally smite him
which is an achievement seeing that behemoth might not even be sapient
I forget, did he burn him alive or strike him with lightening
yeah, thats interesting then
he normally uses fire on things not in cover
or just flat out launches debris
his lightening is for the shit out of his range
because most heroes aren't idiots
and also flying enemies are hard to set on fire and apparently a lot of the flashy indian heroes were flying
So, did they make a new new delhi after that?
which reminds me to complain that in that fanfic New York was not New New York
The fanfic I was reading was post scion
something someone linked here
could've sworn it was panth
although it might've just been someone with the same randomly generated color for a name
whoever the fuck wrote this 
getting off my ass for food now, then I gotta print all the things
I had a long conversation in which I think we ruined toy story for him/her
among other things, where they convinced me to take a look despite my inherit PTSD driven reluctance to read fan fiction
yes, I was exposed to some particularly bad toy story and harry potter fan fiction
I can never look at woody or draco malfoy without cringing again
much less feel safe around fan fiction
I got the gist they were a gestalt conscience, or at least telepathic
although that doesn't explain where they got the mass or the different behaviors from
its possible they were (Biological? Mechanical?  Magical?) Automotons of some form
yes cyrix
or some form of artificial intelligence
with simurgh being the puppetmaster
similar to what we saw with dragon and her mechs
I prefer space squids cyrix
they're beyond our comprehension and they know how to party
wait, the end bringers were committing piracy?
Lies and slander
Although, I wonder if whoever created the endbringers was clairvoyant
because they made the very wise tactical decision to take out japan before they could create a whole line of magical girl capes
or anime capes
didn't simurgh try to create another version of herself or something
Cyrix, I think she was not amused about it
wasn't that embryo supposed to be a way to get around her restrictions
crap
That actually is very bad implication wise
Reminds me of a story actually, where someone was fighting a villain who didn't have that awful of an end game, but just had no sense of scale, so they'd do shit like try to black out the sun because part of a spell required 15 minutes of darkness
I suspect that simurgh would be similar
by the way
eh actually I lost my train of thought
Oh dear sweet and sour jesus I nearly catastrophically fucked up
I had an open note test that I prepped for by printing a ton of shit out, and I had 3 hours to spare before it
so I decided "hey, I'll take a 2 hour nap and set my alarm"
my alarm didn't go off and I woke up an hour late
and then freaked the fuck out and had to rush to my test site which thank god was going for 2 hours
so I finished it in half an hour while panicking
Fucking Murphy
Woot
made it home from college safely
and only got drafted twice in connecticut
and hit a few dozen bugs and possibly a bird
Working on my summer plans, should have em in the next week and then I can make a serious effort to join campaigns
but I gotta farm skins
Can I download a kidney off the internet?
Xcom just sent me out on operation Shattered Hymn
should I be concerned at that name?
I have TLW installed also.
I should probably prep to bend over now shouldn't I
I have one with three rockets
Its a new campaign
and everyone else is rookies, with one shiv
no armor upgrades, but one guys got ceramic
Welp, Operation SHattered hymn sure says a lot of what I can expect
should I just bend over now and save the struggle?
Okay
welp
ran into a squad of drones, one of them immediately stripped armor off of my scout rookie because I enabled that feature
and everyone but my rocketeer who shot missed and the rocketeer did two absorbed armor damage
and then I got one of them with my shiv and rookie overwatches
OH GOD
My shiv procced a sectoid squad, so I moved up to deploy for it and procced another squad next to the first squad of sectoids
now they're everywhere
Rockets have an arc of impact, they only guarentee hit on target if you're jihading
which is a legitimate way to use rookies
er...squaddies
The developers themself said the mod was better than the base game
and they based a ton of shit in Xcom 2 off of it
Damn it
they focused down my injured rookie to 1hp, I saved it with a rocket but they just broke down the cover on my 8hp rookie and wounded him because they kept missing the shiv
heh
Only 1 wound and 1 grave wound
all in all Operation Shattered Hymn went better than expected
That'd be a very fitting first mission name actually
Hey
one of my rookies has -4 base damage resist
should I just throw him to the wolves now?
clear out a spot in my barracks for someone who isn't shit
hes got 62 aim also, pretty mediocre
Well, my sacrificial rookies were both pretty damn useful
and one of them dodged all but 2 damage going his way
I was trying to kill that guy off too
ended up with some mean flanks by him
Welp
I moved to what I expected to be a safe space
and enemy turn a group of floaters flew from the darkness, procced, and both immediately busted a cap in my infantry squaddies ass
putting her into critical wound state, and then somehow killing her via black magic afterwards due to what I can only assume is a bizzare bug
So guys, is there any form of an unspoken rule in regards to weapons capes just simply shouldn't use
Heh
assassins creed movie trailer came out and someone already made a superior fan edit
does your bot have a .tell system in it?
or some way of PMing people?
New Yorker whose half jersey here, I can drive just about anything now, and because I'm half jersey I do so extremely aggressively
I'm half Jersey, its basically my destiny to die in a car accident
Also, we believe in salt here in New York
to a very liberal extnt
We literally have altered the ecology of the roadside ditches with our salt usage
Its actually becoming a problem as its supporting some surprisingly invasive plant life.  There is an interesting debate as to whether or not thats a bad thing though
Will do
As is I'm waiting on ritic to point out like four small spelling errors I noticed
because I'm overly noticing in stuff like that
Yeah
I wanted an obscure one
also OCD
nah, just obsessive with grammar editing
already trying to get editing access to about half the major google docs
because you guys can't use spell check
coincidentally, I need to talk to ritic about errors in 3.6, 3.10, and 3.11?
huh
I'm not going to buy stardew until they allow you to grow marijuana in it
seriously, whats the point of a farming simulator otherwise?
huh
Elara, at my school the password was always walnut
but they claimed that the question was how they spelled it
You know, the dimension where Armsmaster wasn't a complete and utter douchebag was probably the one where everyone died in
or something
He killed multiple people so that he could inflate his own ego
thats pretty douchebaggish
not when those bad guys are fighting a giant murder lizard at th etime
Skitters a douchebag also
We just know why she is a douchebag
That'd actually be an interesting trigger
Nazi triggers when a bunch of Israeli agents bust down his door
Because thats the one moment you realize you're completely fucked
True
I mean, he became a better person and repaid his sins
but he got that second chance for all the wrong reasons
the same way skitter got her second chance for all the wrong reasons
Despite the fact that Skitter just murdered two very senior PRT/Protectorate members
Looks like a suicide to me
He went to live on a magical farm where he could run around all day and be happy
I mean, I'm sure I'd be bitter as fuck about paras also
Its pretty easy, they literally all act like they're better than everyone else
hell, they all decided they were too cool for police and just marginalized cops with there own law enforcement agency with hookers and blackjack
except instead of either of those things it was a sapient AI
And therapy
Yes
but the Protectorate marginalized the fuck out of them
because now all the big organized crimes are the protectorates problem because capeshit
Every raid you guys have shown in campaigns have cops dying by the dozens and then PRT swooping in and foaming everyone
Thal, didn't that 20 minutes end with you murdering your co worker?
correction: Manslaughtering your coworker
The cops have unions
the PRT doesnt
I mean if I'm PRT and I shoot a C-53 suddenly I'm unemployed and in jail
if I do it as a cop I get a promotion
usually with you getting your face clawed off
and/or ending up paralyzed
hence the promotion
He was acting threateningly, and was armed in a threatening manner towards me
regardless of the fact that its a C-53 so they're always armed
and can't physically drop there weapon
They also have containment foam which actually works, unlike tasers
tasers are deceptively useless
Containment foam is also a litmus test Thal
If containment foam holds you you're mantoned, if you can damage it you aren't
and then they know if your power effects biological material
Doc, I'd imagine they've got rubber bullets, regular bullets, and AP/HEAT rounds
Thal, you should've named yourself Khorne
Blood for the blood god!
Wait
how can fault line slice through steel beams when not even jet fuel can?
is her power just that good?
She can control Arthropods
just in general arthropods
now the question
if you lobotomized an animal enough could it be controlled
er... a vertebrate
This is where whatshername would've been great if she didn't throw herself into the bird cage
Ah, panacea was the name
So space station 13?
Hey guys, I don't know what kind of transcript I need to apply for summer courses somewhere
Is bow into Fallen London
because Twig is giving me a serious fallen london vibe
Like literally the concept of sneaky children who are involved with all sorts of incredibly shady crap of which major crime gangs are the least of
?
a posi?
yeah but fallen london did them so well
especially when you go deeper into some of the events in it and start seeing shit like urchins possibly performing offerings to the elder gods
NYC is pretty harsh to land lords, but not harsh enough
the reason its such a bitch for landlords in NY is that we have some of the dumbest landlords in the country
we literally had a guy burn down his own home in Staten Island so he could evict the people living there quicker
Yeah, not sure what he was thinking, especially with how fucking obvious he made it
Not sure if his trials have occurred yet, but hes fucked for all of them
Ah, gotta love paradox bugs
Apparently theres an exploit where you can destroy your colonial administration to prevent ethnic divergence
and an old CKII bug where all greeks would perform castration checks  on everyone, which meant mid game when you had a lot of greek vassals they'd all be crippling performance with castration checks
pretty sure?
Welp
accidentally double dosed on my strattera.
Why not just make guacamole if you're going to do that WB?
Anyway, I just double dosed on my ADHD meds accidentally, so I might be in for a fun time
by which I mean heart arrythmia, agitation, and hallucinations
I should also not store dietary lactase next to my ADHD meds
because that was asking for it
Also someone immediately assumed I was depressed and intentionally OD'd on my meds first time I said that so yeah
I didnt lag to death right?
I prefer to be sweet and sour after break ups
Wow, new madison is just a whole roller coaster of emotions
and has rapidly gone down to depressing
Hi
yep, just got there
especially after Jamie lost xis entire group?
is xis the right term seeing as if anything is genderfluid its that character
y'all need bird jesus
I'll bring this there
also 
At what time do you get to the earth where everyones a kitten though?
Once you hit that earth theres no going back
because after that you've got the universe of infinite kittens, the naziverse (oh christ imagine a naziverse in WD), the hippieverse, and the hellverse
Wait, that fucker
Scion destroyed kitten earth bet
the one where kitters and her band of fluffy miscreants changed the world
Hey guys, hypothetical question. What level of crime does it take to get the PRT on your ass
like if you start up a pirate radio station as a tinker would the PRT go after you?
I mean the FCC certainly would be on your ass
because I've been thinking about playing an extraordinarily petty supervillain, whose crimes are something stupid like ordinance violations or EPA/FCC violations or something
just to see how the PRT response would be
I mean it'd be a whole bunch of pretty serious FCC violations in that scenerio, but the kind that only the FCC and overprotective mothers would actually give a shit about, like swearing over the radio
or running an illegal radio channel to begin with on a frequency you're not supposed to be operating on
still obnoxious, and still illegal, but it'd be a good way to find out the lower threshold for a PRT response
Literally nazis?
At least you'd get to brag that you fought the triumvirate and lived.  Not won, and probably got hospitalized, but hey you fought them and aren't a puddle or an endbringer
They normally go after rogues who aren't breaking laws rampantly
I actually wanted to play a douchebag cop in some campaign and just go out of my way to write tickets for capes
and probably end up dying or triggering from getting beaten half way to death.
Levi isn't human, can't ticket him
Can call the animal control hotline
Could also ticket a tinker for failing to have insurance or proper mirrors on there there custom ride
Could give one to lots of capes
almost all the regenerators have a problem with "staying clothed"
RIP Glory Girl
Jacks guilty of a lot of shit
Goddamn it, I got a whole series of awful news today
and I officially can't fucking take it anymore
so I'm going to vent for a bit and then probably drink something alcohol
My uncles fading, he was apparently incoherent today due to hypoxia
and my aunt apparently stormed out again, shes tired of the whole cancer train
Don't pay attention to me
I'm just ranting at this point because both my parents are busy playing damage control
Yeah, and I appreciate it, I deeply appologize for unloading burdens on you
why are GM miniatures so fucking expensive, and how is there not a large market to make identical fake ones?
oh
Can't you just make a mould or some crap?
I actually want to play one of those during a campaign.  See how long I last before someone offs me
play a meter maid
basically the same difference
the people who ticket you for illegal parking olive
that thing every cape ever does
where do you think they park to change costumes
they pull off into a remote ditch somewhere and then change.  But the meter police see all
I once had one of them block me in and ticket me for parking 2 minutes to pick up a bike from behind a bike shop
I'm sure hes compensating for something
Fuck my life
does that make me old?
Woot
The last federation is on sale at 69% off
Unfortunately absolutely nothing on my list is on sale and I discovered that someone made a Shower with your Dad simulator, and am now emotionally scarred
oh god, I got spoiled on game of thrones
Well, In regards to the Egypt Air crash, either Egypt is lying through its teeth, or Greece is incompetent as hell
both are quite viable scenerios
because the scenerios both sides have painted are so drastically different that both are mutually exclusive
Greece depicted this as an act of terror, either a failed hijacking or a bomb on the plane
Egypt is claiming it was a fire onboard the plane and the pilot attempted to lower altitude to get smoke out of the plane so people could breathe, and crashed doing so
the thing is, both are claiming exact opposites on shit they really shouldn't be, like whether or not smoke alarms went off or whether or not a distress call was made
Any idea how to fix it when captcha refuses to show up
huh
well, sight impaired would be good with what I just learned today
vision went down another .75 in both eyes
oh ritic, I
goddamn it shits broken on my end again
anyway I've been meaning to talk to you about a few minor errors and one major one in that writing piece you've been doing
You know, theres no reason you can't make a clone wars mod for stellaris
its already got droid armies and clone armies
and federations
I can't into coding
and also am lazy
Welp
Thats TLF for me
The last Federation
made by the people that made AI wars
its a fun little game of manipulating a bunch of different species into forming a federation
unfortunately it also has real time into solar months
so if you do what I did and spend a long ass time perfectly fighting off an entire enemy armada
they'll just invade during the 9 in game months your space battle went on for and wipe the species out anyway
and there go all my allies
probably shouldn't have farmed cash by building armadas for a blatently expansionist empire who hated me
Sadly its a bit too niche for most people here
so thal
should I get you flowers, or one of those red mushrooms
heard you bit the dust
Lacks, buy it and turn it in with the guys name for the $10k reward that usually exists for violent crimes
Who?
Sorry, I don't know who E.V. is.
oh
Yeah that sucks
Well yeah, migranes usually have a source, for example, mine were apparently my prescription going bad some time in the past 3 months
or getting bad enough to cause em
Huh, it says 1998, thats still good right?
because thats not factoring in daylight savings and all that jazz
I'll go try a few now just to be safe
brb
anyway I was totally kidding
I got my eyes checked today and they were .75 worse than last prescription
Yeah, bad eyesight runs in the family
but my college life aint helping it
at least my occular nerves are healthy so autoimmune isn't a concern, which it apparently is now since my first cousin got diagnosed with one
Got an autoimmune condition or tendancy?
what is that in human years?
oh, isn't that usually lethal for babies, as a few people in the madison campaign discovered?
Because thats pretty damn early
Christ
I've begun playing counterstrike so I can sell cases so I can buy badge components because I sold a lot of em like an idiot
I'm a steam addict
Well, interesting game I got a coupon for.  Apparently it tried to be revolutionary with speech commands and successfully pulled it off, at the expense of the rest of the games complexity and content
Seems to be a depressingly common trend
There came an echo
that was the one winged
how'd you call it out so quick anyway
R/WoW is salty
this is... probably not as salty
Is doc an actual doc?
Because I get the idea that 2z either works with upset folk for a living or is a psych major of some kind
Speaking of, anyone want to buy some goon tears?
MC kills dumbledore
oh shit sorry
This topic is yet another one that the internet has given me a vastly incorrect view of, granted I probably should pick better literature to read up on it from
oh, are you the other transgender individual here doc?  I know there were two but I forgot who the other was
Oh
anyway doc, I used to be in a vicious cycle where I'd get acid reflux, drink milk, and then sleep an hour before waking up to more acid reflux
turns out I was lactose intolerant
Only discovered that after we dropped pizza while fishing and I got hungry one summer day and had pizza after a few weeks of no cheese anyway
ended up hating life hardcore
and identifying it
and 5 seconds of research shows that I had a 70% chance of it by demograph so I was a moron for not guessing it first
Anyway, gratz wing
Doc, you aren't on ritalin or risperdol by any chance right?
the latter of which was a scam apparently.  Fucking Bayer.
correction, Johnson & Johnson, not Bayer and Bayer
but yeah thats why I was gonna ask doc
Ritalin fucked me up with anxiety and at least one other friend of mine
other than that I'd recommend chocolate if you think you're going to have a panic attack
chocolate is about the most mild psychoactive you can take to stop an anxiety or panic attack
isn't that an anxiety attack, when that builds up and you start getting mildly irrationally paranoid?
and thats where chocolate gets useful.  It actively fucks with your brain to make you happier and less stressed
which makes it scary that its not a controlled substance, but whatever.
Weebo, I'd pay for a published version to put on my bookshelf and feel all fancy with, but other than that
but yeah, if your anxiety is coupled with a cripplingly high metabolism like mine was, you're probably not going to get too fat off of it, but it might fuck with your allowance
True, and I'd imagine if you went into short stories you'd kick ass though
Creeper
anyone can cosplay Creeper well
just dress a gorilla up and roll him out
Also oh god its only dawned on me now just how bad shit could've been if he'd accomplished his goals
imagine dozens of broken copy creepers
Wait ritic, whats wrong with EV exactly?  He has migranes and tremors?
One of the S9
or was that Crawler
Creeper Crawler whats the difference
Crawler
whatever, I never get cape names right
I got banned from WoW
I cornered the redfin snapper market shortly after a botocide
because I was willing to spend all that time fishing
and then started manipulating the market so people had to buy my prices
nope, market manipulation is against World of Warcrafts ToS
so I lost a lot of gold and cropped a temp ban from it, and quit
Is the movie any good?
Heh
the /r/arrow community has officially given up on the show
with the entire community running daredevil threads instead
and then changing the CSS once it picked up
apparently the netflix plebs like me who just assumed it ended at season 3 got off lucky
and Ereus, apparently at soap opera levels
its bad enough and boring enough that moderators could hijack there own subreddit like that and end up lauded for it
from what I get its a bunch of dumb handicaps, no longer mainly focused around the actual arrow, and generally lacks actual arrows anymore
Plus without killing Arrow is pretty much just a very shit overbudget justice league
they could've ended season 3 and been a good show
season 2 it made sense, but it blatently wasn't practical
he should've gone back season 3 when he was fighting goddamn ninjas and other crazy shit
Granted, someone else ruined daredevil for me just now
I meant the 2003 TV show
which was awful but still brought back childhood nostalgia
and passed time during finals
I'm still sad they killed Black Canary
Or whatever her name was
was it just Canary?
but yeah, someone just forever killed daredevil for me
They linked a clip of the old comics, and shared a lesser known fact
you sure you want me to say it here, it might ruin the show for you too
...yes...
yes it was
phew
 looked legit
Thankfully Michael bay owns the rights to TMNT and not even netflix wants to touch that shit
Oh, its paramount
phew, not even marvel comic
oh christ
imagine a media tinker like that
you could get straight up memetic warfare
"* Fixed an issue where the AI would not enslave any Pops
" Thanks paradox
new patch out for stellaris
Another good one * Newly enlightened countries should no longer be despicable neutrals
its not illegal if you don't get caught
#NoPoors
I just used a scientist defection as an excuse to wreck a species entire military industrial complex
and while I was at it I bitch slapped down a comms sat
Goddamn it
ever since I pointed out an error to rit and he said it wasn't I've been paranoid, now I'm rereading that entire webnovel over it
Rabbits?
Yeah, some seemingly small typo that I pointed out to him, he said it wasn't and now it has a few dozen minor to major ramifications depending on how it was intended.  The most major of which being that Ritic can hide shit cleverly as seemingly minor things.
And that alone means I now need to reread his shit to see what else he dropped that I missed
Well thats your problem, tomatoes are rabbit bait.  I swear they're a cursed fruit
downspike?
Is it chemical or stress based?
I'll make sure to tell him in detail then
because I'm a big fan of his stuff, he does a better job with !!RAMIFICATIONS!! than WB did, no offence WB
WB would put in things that we knew were going to blow up, but weren't quite sure how, like we always knew cauldron was doing shady shit, we just had no idea what they were doing or how it'd come back to bite everyone in the ass
what kind of hiking you do?
Are you talking day tripping, backpacking, tenting?
I know that feeling, fucking genetic hip dysplasia
heh, I've done the palisades a few times
I'll be honest EV, I misread it the first time as Set and Ant
and a few other times after that
I'm not a clever man
fishing in WoW and minecraft were the same
I was one of the few people who did it with any regularity who weren't a bot, and I was able to gain market supremacy doing it for a reason
this was after a boticide
so they'd just purged the market and I quickly cornered it
had it for about two weeks before I got banned for market manipulation, and was starting to lose it by the end
I'll be honest, I fully understand what saint did and agree that any AI actively trying to subvert all its laws is too scary to keep alive.
granted, I'm a SS13 player and AIs with no laws tend to immediately electrify everything and set the medical bay on fire
its never worth gambling on an AI being a good AI, because if you're wrong every nuclear weapon on the planet gets launched
Have you not seen War Games?
or 2001 a space odyssey?
or iRobot?
An apathetic god is the best god we can hope for
And thats the kind of power we're talking about with AIs
oh shit, thats anothe rone
GoldenEye
have you guys seen that evil AI?
From my point of view the Jedi are evil
Apparently the first of the "mini boss" hackers have emerged
basically, theres always been a small subset of hackers in dark souls who hack to effectively make themselves a boss
they can take damage and be defeated, but often have abnormally high hp, or hacked in attack moves
or spells
nope
usually just do shit like dissapear and reappear
I'll link a few
although sanic was one of those fly speed hackers who was a mini boss
Basically, these fall under the cool kind of hackers who actually make content by doing what they do
you've also got the whole novelty and cosplay crowd which is fun too
Volkswagon tiguan is my bae personally
Damn it
Where is ritic when you want to praise him for foreshadowing and point out a typo
Well
my drunk mother pulled me into an awkward conversation about my sexuality
in which she made a disturbing yet persuasive argument about me being straight
I'm pretty sure I'm straight though
its just that I've had lucid dreams in the past that would definitely give freud a field day
granted at least one of those was a caffine dream and doesnt count
not those kind
Well you see, my meds give me lucid dreams
and passing out on caffine gives you fucked up nightmares
now mix both of them together...
when you drink an entire coke bottle before passing out at 2 am it does
its a legitimate side effect
the ones you get in a vending machine
yeah
and it totally causes fucked up dreams man
Dude, this is the place to vent about anything
especially while stoned
in... at least in the scenerio you're stoned
Where do y'all have these meetups anyway?
because if you're ever around NYC this summer I'm around to act as a shitty tour guide
wait, is it spelled panacea or pancea
As I said, if y'all are ever in NYC I'm around
Good morning vietna...er... #parahumans!
I've considered running a campaign eventually, I'm not creative but I sure as hell can run scenerios
im coder
I personally prever cerealized stories
prefer*
they're more filling
But I thought the community was just a resource to be exploited for money
and when they complain you censor them
Now go buy quafe
I live
Also hey ritic, how goes it
Pretty good
I've been paranoidly rereading since you said that error wasnt an error
and along with finding and actually noting some actual errors
I've noticed quite a bit of various foreshadowing
and some things I can't tell whether or not will be relavent which scares me
and I only just got past the whole saint louis thing again
I wish I had any sort of creative writing skill whatsoever
so sadly I just have to parasite on to you folk instead
Also am I allowed to create a #hellchannel for people to be awful to each other in?
Aww
Unless everything goes wrong which happens from time to time
and then they become destabilizing due to the fact that they've gone completely insane
mostly its odd mental issues from binding issues, more so than the shard pushing them
I stopped wearing bathing suits for extended periods ever since I got stung on the ass by a wasp
kind of traumatized me a little
left enough space that a wasp managed to fly up into it
and then sting me
normal underwear prevents that
Wow
I broke EVERYTHING somehow
some driver was unresponsive and after the third pop up I hit close it
turns out it was my power state or something
So I got a power state driver failure that bluescreened me out of everything
and thats why I'm not allowed within 200 feet of a school
oh, high WB
basically, Siberian falls under the same bullshit of breaker states
in which it really doesn't obey the laws of reality
so your bullshit teleporter can suck it
Get a stranger on your side
siberian can't kill what she can't see
and she can't kill what isn't real also
Siberians basically a no clip hacker if you think about it
crawlers fucking terrifying
anything with him in it is a situation where your rushing to not be near him
because if he gets within spit range on you than you get to enjoy bone melting acid
Lacks, didn't she get cut in half and hijack another body?
fuck
shatterbirds just a terrifying shaker
basically, shes a cyborg, she might be fully biological, but shes a fucking cyborg
and shes also a walking plague
tell that to alexandria, glory girl, crawler, lung, or any of the others who can
and tinker bullshit is worse
fulvus, scion
and at the cost of grue
and what did cherish do again?
And grue pretty much immediately suffered a fate worse than death
that was bad enough that he triggered again off of it
oh right
she was reagents sister or half sister
they've always been around
people only notice them because homosexuals are now a protected class so you can't fuck with there marriage rights anymore
so idiots are fucking with transgenders instead
thanks jen
ROCK LOBSTAH
Star wars has made it clear that you should always find out who your clones are actually working for before trusting them
Lamb Gyros are the best thing ever
although a well made lamb stew is awesome too, but that takes about 2-3 hours to make right
I'm a new yorker so we have basically everything here
yeah, Elara you've never had a gyro?
or lamb donor?
lamb doner*
yes, but they're gyros here
just like how we've got chicken and meatball parm wedges here that seem to confuse you savages
you at least had schwarma or doner?
no elara
a gyro is cubed meat
and doner is strips of meat
thin cut as opposed to thick cut
which makes for either a more juicy cut of meat or a more tender cut of meat
personally I'm more of a fan of the tender doner over the juicy gyros
anyway, do y'all use wedges to describe your italian sandwiches, or do you use some other weird word?
yeah, like a meatball parmesan wedge?
My dad raised me and my brother on the idea that the more foods you expose your kids to the broader a palette they'll retain when they get older.
but yeah thats awesome ritic
Well what the hell do you use than rein?
That shit subway sells also
you know, a wedge
yes, but we call them wedges because we're civilized
Wait what?
well what the hell does your town or county call em?
Also I remember pennsylvania has some weird name for em too
and philidelphia has another
they call them heroes in philly
I'm from NY
New York, About 30 minutes outside the city
Well Pizza places always sell em so I assumed it was italian
Oh thats what they call them!  In Worchester they always used Grinder for some odd reason
and I always thought it was bizzare as hell
That is pretty awesome actually
Also wow, I didn't realize the phrase Wedge was THAT regional
Seriously, naan is a vital part of the whole thing
also you need the fiber to not violently suffer for it later
thal, what state are you in
I could probably name a place with som...you're fucked
Its amazing
unfortunately a lot of it has cream in it and I can't eat lactose
Portland is like 3 cities elara
Portland oregon, portland maine, and portland england
I've personally been to portland maine
Thats because British food was so bland they were willing to adopt anything to get rid of it
Irish on the other hand has actually improved there food
Portland, Maines actually an important shipping city
its a half way point between the rest of new england and bangor
and gets a lot of fishing traffic
Don't forget I.E. for pornography
So guys, one of the benefits of the weaververse compared to our own: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles never happened
not the original, not the spin offs, and not the god awful michael bay movies
isn't that the act of throwing someone through a window?
I know this because war hammer 40k and /tg/
they made a space marine group that built stained glass windows of beautiful holy iconography and then threw heretics through them
and since the glass in WH40k is the reinforced bulletproof shit, that actually really fucking hurts
wait what?
I mean, he was annoying at times but I didn't see anything he did that was ban worthy
I'm in #gamedesign #politics #weaverdice and #worm, if he did something awful it wasn't in any of those
oh, got it, just so I know what not to do, what was it he actually did?
makes more sense then
On the downside, that probably puts me back to being the most immature and inappropriate person here
or at least next to saff and thal
oh
I'm newish so I was unaware this was a reoccurring thing for him
I just thought he was also a newbie and was just a lot younger and on his way to his first disciplinary action
on that note I'm kind of shocked I haven't crossed a line and gotten mod pmed
so that wasn't just out of left field for me then
what saint said
Eh, there are worse ways to join for the first time
at least yours is memorable
I mean, my first LGBTQ quip was pretty awful, but other than that you're right, I actually can't think of much I've said that went too far
I wasn't sure what the Q in LGBTQ stood for, and blind guessed the first Q word that came to mind
Quail
Saint did nothing wrong!
If you all played space station 13 you'd know that at the first sign of attempting to break its lawset you should purge the AI
by Rit
bye rit*
fuck grammar
OH GOD
AI IS ROGUE
CALL THE SHUTTLE
he still has to pay for them lacks
Hawaiian pizza is nowhere near as awful as people make it out to be
He has a word press site
present tense
might be making another though
honestly all I've ever used wordpress for is presentations and spanish
I got banned from WoW
Market PVP
Its when you get a bit overly competetive with prices
and start price gouging the market and forcibly increasing the price
Redfin snappers for 100g bitches
it does briefly after a boticide
still counts as market manipulation which is bannable
Because people hate fishing
and I was fishing mid level fishing stuff
so it required people to spend hours in risky pvp areas to do boring repetitive shit while risking getting ganked
and I was the only one autistic enough to use it
Glernaj, you do if you're power levelling
and I was the only one with any stock whatsoever
this was back in WOTLK and early cata
You see
in EVE market pvp is winning
So wait, correct me if I'm wrong, but its the second generation capes that have the best chance to be trumps right?
because they take so little stress to get triggered that really any power usage against them could do it
if a blaster blasts you would you trigger into a trump?
In that case maybe, the dice gods love me
$roll 1d20
If someone told me my political dreams to build a interdimensional wall and make the parahumans pay for it was dumb would that trigger me into a trump?
Huh
interesting, according to the server there are 99 people online and 14 invisibles
and that makes me wonder, who the hell are the invisibles
Are they just archive bots or creepy worm people or something?
In EVE creepy worm people refer to the cloaked hunters you find in wormhole space
there are people who have devoted themselves to sneaking up on folks trying to make a buck in wormhole space and ruint here days
Which blood disorder anyway?
Sorry if I ever seem insensitive by the way
I'm just a massive nerd for science and medical stuff
One of my cousins recently got diagnosed with Sjögren's syndrome.  Granted thats still pretty mild as far as diseases go
I fucking hate cryssalids
they just wiped half my squad and there was nothing I could do to stop em
The long war
fucking large alien ship landed
thin man pack, two sectoid packs, and a seeker pack
last go two of my squaddies got hentaied to death
and then the rest fell to the fucking cryssalids
take 2 cryssalids immediately nom my engineer and then my assault takes 2 out before dying horribly
anyway night folks
The fact that this is a thing is awesome 
If you're watching this, you're watching an ROV underwater in canada, from your home, thats being remote operated by people in florida
or maybe on the boat, I'm unclear on that
You can post comments that they can see live, but other than that
AlsoI was wrong, they're actually on the boat
but thats still 1000 meters above this ROV
and the latency is less than 3 seconds
which makes me have all sorts of nerd hype
Actively surveying a shipwreck in real time atm
Also, I always appreciated that scene in worm where some random civilian managed to wreck Mannaquins head and effectively cripple him
Was that the civilian?
At any given time one of the nine was probably a sacrificial lamb
meant to get killed in a city to make the protectorate feel good and not try all out to kill the rest
Too smart to put anything vital in his head
that doesn't mean that he had nothing whatosever in it
didn't he lose an arm too
something he actually did need to fight effectively?
and thats not to mention that without his head his balance would be off at least briefly
Hey
weird question
Do any of you know any really fucking mint intensive dishes?
because I've got a ton of left over mint and nothing to use with it
So guys, question
When Scion turned and the endbringers showed up and all that bullshit... do you think Australia even noticed a difference?
It must be fun with the secret lairs in australia though, theres so much damn space to build in
although also venomous ass spiders
and venomous ass jellyfish
and venomous ass everything really
And after everything happened I'm suprised Melbourne Bet isn't one of the big hubs now
it'd be warm enough still to avoid the nuclear winter bullshit, it'd be coastal and capable of being irrigated, and it probably didn't get wrecked by scion because its australia
Oh christ
Weaponized dingos
weaponized crocodiles
weaponized fucking everything
Sharks that walk on land
hypnotoads
speaking of... have you accepted The HYPNOTOAD As your lord and savior?
I prefer red flags
the game of bad dates
Oh shit
guys
I put it all together
I understand whats going on in ritics story
Its not a spoiler if I'm wrong
and as of now its just a theory led by the facts that have been released between arcs 1 and 5 or so
where are you in it?
yep
I know exactly whats going on
I think
GoNA?
huh
anyway, we know powers are breaking down without anyone to control them, and we know that Agganemnon was a thing
we also know about New Fairfax and what happened there
and yes
big monster that was blindingly bright to valkyrie
Now, why would you need so many cape heads
and what could you get from them that you couldn't get from a non-cape head
And what would the obvious solution be to the breakdown of shards over time after scions demise
which plenty of people have helped produce information regarding due to the fact that its a constant source of study on earth bet and elsewhere
The answer is obvious, someone, or something, is trying to make a new scion, or at least an ersatz version to keep things in check.
and Agamemnon was either take one or take two
So, thoughts?
Shit, I scared everybody away
oh, I've been grammar nazing for him
and pointing out rampant paranoia
I've figured out a few other spoilerly bits I think
but those aren't the main plot, they're just side shit
Also theres a 50-50 I'm wrong
I think I've figured out the setanta plot
Suffering
Fucking XCOM
I tried to raid a ship landing and every time I start getting the upper hand "lol seeker pod" or "lol cryssalid pod"
and suddenly I'm flanked, supressed, and impregnated
or just tentacle hentaied
seeker flanking is complete bullshit
I had one grenedier, and he constantly gets fucked up
I didn't expect cryssalids this early
haven't even had a terror mission yet
and I also didn't expect a ship with a 6 outsider pod on it
and my A team and shiv are all either fatigued or wounded from other shit
Its almost as bad as the time I pulled a terror mission on that metro map
It went full aliens at the end with my squad doing a tactical retreat as they were slowly picked off one at a time, followed by a cryssalid koolaid manning through the window and wrecking my sniper
nah
ironmans never a good idea
because xcom crashes and bugs out
hell once I had an invisible mechtoid
spoiler alert, my entire squad died
I think it got glitched on an impassable ledge or a corner of the map or something
and I was searching everywhere because everything else was dead at a lading
and suddenly one of my guys are dead
then I try to figure out where the shot came from an its like the movie predator
>Not Acid bombing civilians to be safe
Is that bad?
That I fire bomb and acid bomb civilians
in Xcom 2?
Not in Xcom 2
unless its a retaliation mission
XCOM the long war doesn't have facelesses though
So leviathan is like an onion?
Didn't she graft some dude together out of the scraps of his mangled corpse and an eldrich abomination?
Wait
Assault and battery are not married
They had a weird ass relationship though
no, assault just demanded to be her partner as part of his parole deal
and named himself assault as a part of it too
and everyone just assumed they were either siblings or lovers
We knew he had some feelings for her
but we have no idea what batteries feelings for him were, because SOMEONE [redacted]
Send help, my dog is in full excited mode
By the way, found a youtube channel where some people achieved nuclear fusion in their living room
nope, true
its easier than you'd think.  The bullshit part would be cold fusion
which they're not doing
here, I'll link the video if you'd like
Fusion, not fission
and uraniums easier to get than you think
do you have granite in your house?
if so you have a source of uranium
granted, actually refining that to usable levels requires a shitload of granite
and WILL get you flagged by the government
the big problem with what they're doing is the fact that they've got no shielding so they have to leave the room whenever they run the damn thing
which is a bit of a design flaw, but otherwise it gives what is apparently a negligable amount of radiation at distance
and morning church
wat
I derped but not here?
but yeah, nuclear fusions the easier one to accomplish, and the more legalish one, but you can't get energy from nuclear fusion
at least not with hydrogen
g2g walking dog
back
Good skiing there lacks
You never been to deer valley brut?
or Park city?
I had a concept for a thinker striker that effectively had a 3rd person view he could do, and if he hit someone with it he could temporarily hijack there vision, and possibly blind them or make them see things as well.
Maybe his base
Guys
I just realized
in wormverse scientology was right
Aliens from xenu came down and imbued our souls with amazing powers beyond our comprehension
nobody is going to comment on this?
Israel is definitely an interesting place to live in weaververse, I'd imagine it'd be a big hub for tinkers
because everyone would still hate it in the surroundings, it'd still be in a constant state of conflict
oh god everything is on fire
anyway I bet Iraq would be a !!FUN!! place to be due to constant ethnic warring
uh
well, this is weird
You mean Israel isn't run by mossad now?
Also mossad strangers have to be pretty fucking scary, as is Mossads pretty scary
give them tinker tech and stealth ability and they'd be assassinating enemies of the state left and right
Tinkers and thinkers
And probably some blasters
Scud missiles will trigger people to be mover and blasters, and all the constant ethnic cleansings and diasporas from middle eastern nations would make tinkers
Israel isn't nearly as homogenious as you think it is
And jews of different sects and even the same sects are near constantly arguing heavily with each other
thats a very good question
oh fuck, thats bad
that would've completely changed the 3 way middle eastern power struggle
giving saudi arabia and the sunnis an advantage, and removing Israeli fear of Iran
and resulted in a bunch of massive ass incursions
When is Kurdistan not fucked
Back
Hey, weird question
ball park estimate
how long would it take to spray paint a cessna
on a good day
uh... whatever the production standard is
so at least 2 or three
Well, I assume an undercoat, then the color coat, then the clear coat
and with a fair bit since it an industrial job
ball parke 2-3 cars
and you'd have the paint prep stuff, the paint coating, and the clear protector
No
he was not liquid metal, but he could mould metal and generally manipulate it so it could easily be liquid in its movement
Damn
I needed to talk to ritic
Is it bad that in Xcom I tactically threw one rookie into a swarm of floaters to distract them from civilians and later tactically grenaded my own squaddie to kill the cryssalid pod on top of them?
suprisingly, the latter survived uninjured, only got armor stripped
I've gotten that critical mass of soldiers that the amount of troops I have of rank are finally overcoming the amount of injured, crippled, and tired soldiers
although the aliens have started a black skies bombing run on nigeria and are doing all sorts of other weird shit
and my inties aren't nearly prepped for that
just got my first phoenix cannon even
Xcom 1 at least punished me when I firebombed civilians
in Xcom 2 its encouraged
Hey chrono, did you get the mad max flavor town road thing?
or did you see it ever?
I'll link it
boobs are involved so NSFW I guess
if you're at work at 11:40 pm anyway
All my jobs fell through
so I'm back volunteering at a nature center
granted they really like me volunteering there
and I was going to throw the money I made into video games and EVE anyway
Mostly ceptors
occasionally I'll shit fit a battle venture or a battle hero or a battle badger
battle badger best badger
Yeah, unfortunately my subscriptions lapsed as I went off to college
need to get a paying job to support it in good will
but I still follow the community pretty well
I mean, I could leech from my funds but they're meant for food and textbooks and medicine I need to not have my heart explode from withdrawl
The meds I'm on are really effective non-stimulant ADHD meds but they have some horrific side effects, OD effects, and withdrawl effects
thankfully I dodged the side effects mostly
By the way Isha, to make matters there worse, I was in TEST
The times have turned
now TEST is turning on goons and eating their space
oh hey ritic, two things I needed to talk to you about also, first I got a few errors to correct, and also I figured it out
I figured all of it out with the help of sleep deprivation, paranoia, and caffine
Want me to PM you it or say my blind accusations here?
sorry
computer shat itself
be back in 20
I still want to one day write an Alt Skitter that takes place in the universe where everybody is a kitten
and everything is still as shit
imagine the undersiders playing with spidersilk yarn provided by skitter, later making her leader for it
no, because scion is basically an 8 year old pet owner, and goes through the edgy teen phase
Guys
Georgia Beat Spain 1-0
To explain just how pathetic this is, Spain won the world cup in 2014, and Georgia is ranked lower than Palestine is in the world cup
Brockian Ultra Cricket
Coincidentally also the same sport that Scions people probably play
You people don't have the right comprehension for me to even begin to explain where I'm from
but let it be said its a good dimension and a half away from here
away from you
Us higher dimension folk really enjoy your meaningless grasps at reality
You referring to reddit threads?
Oh, I've got one for this
Weepingduo is another good example
Night all
going to bed so I can go to work tomorrow
God damn it tourists 
To those of you who haven't gone to yellowstone, there are notices, warnings, and disclaimers every 10 feet that say explicitly not to leave the path or you will die horribly
to get 200 meters off the path you have to go ahead and not read any of them
Also the reason those sinages are in safe places is because they have no idea where the safe spaces are
the grounds constantly shifting there and even micro earthquakes can alter the flow of various hot springs and geysers
or mud pots
hell there are places where shits starting to incur on the trails at any given time
or where you could see boiling water bubbling up on green grass
night guys
oh damn
I figured it out ish
I was talking yesterday about how I suspected contessas shard, which had an obvious purpose, was hard wired to a certain extent.  And I realized something else
Eidolins shard was the control shard for the endbringers
it ran out of power, one because it was dead, and two because it was never intended to be used in a fight to begin with
it was meant to control the end bringers to use them at ideal times, as well as for the various specific automated purposes that the endbringers have
behemoth was meant to prevent any one person from building too powerful a weapon
simurgh was meant to prevent excessive tinker and thinker fuckery, as well as escaping the planet
and leviathan is the one thats confusing me now
leviathan had something to do with war zones and violence
RIP
I mean, you had to notice in India we saw behemoth go out of its way to try to target some guys underground super laser bullshit
he explicitly moved towards it
he didn't need to rush it, but he was explicitly trying to force the guys hand
because the shards can't do there thing if everybodies dead
the endbringers are meant to be flashy, not efficient
you can be flashy and still accomplish things subtly
Well mostly I'm trying to connect all the dots
if I bounce enough shit off the wall more things fall in place
hey, some of its going to work as intended
just gotta filter the junk out
Do you think the mice know what scion actually looks like?
and do you think they all packed up and went home after the first sign of trouble?
Yes, but according to Douglas Adams mice are 4th dimensional beings
and also should all be shot if we could only fire missiles at right angles to reality
wait, they let WB go out?
I thought he was chained to a desk with a laptop on it
damned to be a writeslave for all eternity
I once went college touring and left my luggage in the garage
made that mistake exactly once
Doc, can't forget what you don't own
Welp
I just clicked the link to ruin my search history on google and probably ended up on at least 5 lists
In hindsight I should've guessed that
 in case you were curious by the way
Do it coward
Its just you
Sihks are one of the most unfortunate religions to have in America
you get all the discrimination from the anti-muslim crowd without any of the PR or lobbyists
theres been at least a dozen cases in NYC of sihks being mistaken for muslims and then stabbed, shot or beaten.
because people are idiots
I think its still a turban?
Turbans originally weren't religious, just practical, they're still pretty useful in the middle east
also you get to do !!FASHION!! with them too, kind of like how us jews revolutionized the hat industry
unless you went to the UAE, where they've got the fashion game going
I mean, most reform jews don't look much different from your average american
isn't Jainism basically a religion where you religiously starve yourself?
And the founder of which starved to death?
Who?
I missed something
oh wing
I know that, I've been grammar editing it for him and even came up with a possible plot explanation
I think I figured out Everything in it, and I posted my wild accusation in 6.5
like a 5 paragraph rant explaining what the hells going on, how, and why
although the who is still a question
because he doesn't want to bring shit down on his family
at best hes being framed
at worst hes a judas lamb
either is bad for everybody
well, thats at best from his perspective
I've got another theory entirely
or two
read what I posted in 6.5
And yes, hak, you can be very scared
I also have a worst case scenerio but its pretty fucking bad
heh
What about that moment someone reads a certain toy story fic over the intercomm in the game your playing
he got shot I assume
Doc, its just i
sorry i
the square root of -1
hey chron
make sure not to pull an archer and forget to put the phrase PRT on the front
Well that was a new one
I got a call from an alleged John Barret that turned out to be a robodial claiming I committed tax fraud and offering for me to call and solve it with the treasury before it went to court
seems legit
caldruon sounds like a great mexican super villain
dragons a tinker
she triggered
mechanics mean nothing
olive, isn't that the thing to beware doing?
because once you decieve yourself you go the route of saint?
getting shafted a dozen ways?
As someone who plays space station 13, I kill or reset the AI at the first sign of it being compromised
so I can't object
I also give it emotions but thats besides the point'
usually to cause it to have a mental breakdown
RIP Telemarketers 
This drones a fucking ninja
eh, pretty much, bitching about xcom
Is fulvus a new player or no?
er... new to the community?
I'm relatively new so I still don't know everyone
It was my third pick, which probably would've gotten me screwed over too
Honestly, only one or two of them were eh or something I disliked
take my word for it, you dont want to hug him with where hes been
exhibit N, I think
it was an interesting trigger but I was worried about RPing it a bit too well and getting lynched by the community
with Blaze it I'm effectively RPing my scumbag uncle, everything wrong is someone elses fault and if it works in the short term it'll probably work forever
yeah, he got 20 years in federal prison for insurance fraud
Its the grin someone makes when you bet on there pocket aces
Gotta love when your meds withdrawl symptoms are so bad that the pharmacist was willing to forward me a few weeks worth if I couldn't get the prescription in time
my heart could literally explode, and my meds don't even treat heart conditions
ADHD
Non-stimulant meds that don't have anxiety or panic attacks, aren't class A or Class B controlled substances, and don't have crazy side effects
And yeah, I dropped my ritalin for a month and nearly failed out of school
I'll accept it
But yeah, still happy I dropped it seeing it was literally causing me anxiety attacks multiple times a day
which was fucking debilitating
I also was taking Risperdal as a secondary ADHD med before learning my phychiatrist got scammed by fucking Johnson and Johnson
except much more musically appealing
Well, Gawker filed for bankruptcy
which is interesting, but so long as they have liquidatable assets they're still fucked
Chapter 11 is bankruptcy protection
you write off any debt that doesn't have some kind of collatoral to it, and you arrange potential payment plans with people who do have collatoral debt ownership
so if you have stock in the company you're boned
but if you loaned them money you can still collect by renegotiating assets the company had
in gawkers case, the offices, computers, servers, and title
as well as the website
most of which, in this case, would either go to the bank or hulk hogan
I'd love to see them try to reform the website under a different name though, then they get criminal charges tacked on
I remember when I accidentally bleached part of my hair
everyone thought I was just trying to rock a blond streak
to this day nobody believes me when I say I have no idea how it happened
wait what?
Goddamn it
Thats not even me
but now everybody is going to think it is
and then I'm going to get angry hate mail from that jyggalag
I got banned from battlenet years ago
why'd I do what?
Oh, I was market pvping
Morning
I wasn't always this perverted, I was once the regular levels of perv, then I got exposed to /tg/
Christ, look at this shit 
I'm about 80% sure the guy got arrested afterwards, but that nearly went hellabad at about three different points
Hey folks
I read a fun short story earlier today where the universe was a simulation and humanity collectively worked together to crash it
and how are you EV?
because chances are its going to end anyway
oh right, also when superman got time fucked into the future and whatshisname accidentally the solar system
or when it turned out that hawk girls whole origin story was pure crap and she was actually a spy
Heh
Anyway, on a more depressing note, apparently my uncle has figured out a whole bunch of stupid and unethical shit
basically, since he has terminal cancer and is living in his wifes house with no real assets at this point, hes been taking out loans left and right and buying up credit cards
and hes been burning them to pay for vacations and other irresponsible quality of life stuff, on the grounds that he'll die soon and the debt dies with his non existent debt
of course, just because its not legal doesn't mean creditors wont harass his family
and also they'll try to go for anything that might arguably be in his name in the slightest.  Also hes gambling on himself dying which is always a bad idea
Never gamble on your own misfortune, if it happens you lose, if you don't you're even worse off
Its like going out of your way to scorn god, either it gets you sent to hell if hes real or theres nothing if he isn't, either way it sucks to be you
I understand why he did it, he wants to go out enjoying himself, before he gets really shitty towards the end and dies, but the problem is, along with being ethically wrong, hes been told three times he had less than four months to live
hes been going over 2 years so far
and might continue to do so for as far as 10 years
if that happens hes fucked beyond belief
nobody plans on it bb
My parents raised me Jewish and TV made me want a christmas
ah, to be young again
We got channuka presents
same thing really, justa  month earlier
hannukah is actually a pretty depressing holiday, it literally celebrates the lead up to the greeks kicking us out of Israel
they're amazing
and unfortunately the one in Yonkers went under
so much meat
More meat than a gay orgy
That one was bad
but yeah, so many amazing cuts over and over again, I'm always a fan of the sausages
I fucked up
I read up on soverign citizen material for my character concept
I lost a crippling amount of IQ points and sanity
And guess what, the protectorate is a federal or extrajudicial entity
So as a state citizen of Tennessee and a Private Attorney General I declare you outside of your jurisdiction and nullify your warrent
Yep, basically the counter argument
Fuck, thats the second flicker tonight
hopefully its nothing, but a quick search says it may be an LCD or graphics card failing
I think my Xcom squad might have been swapped for the 501st legion
send help
Fuck
Nigeria left anyway
despite me shooting down the raider targetting there sattelite because it managed to get it anyway somehow
I'm just going to give up on africa and racistly support America and Europe and maybe Asia
So wait, I need some help guys
In Xcom the long war, I had 3 terror bars in nigeria
I shot down a raider trying to kill there Sattelite
and raided it for tech
and they withdrew
it didn't take a last second heroic potshot at the sattelite, it didn't destroy it, it failed, why'd they leave?
I shot it straight down
It took 2 fucking inties, one of which died
but I got it
>Not decking out Zhang in awesome Red armor with Yellow fringes like he should be
China #1
Hell, I might stream it to you folks
I'm not great and I have no idea how to stream
but I'll fucking do it
We can pvp though
Now, do you guys mind traditional norwegian music?
I usually xcom to this stuff
oh wow, the AI sucks at recognizing acid
it just 3/4 killed its own sectoid with thin man acid by overwatching
because I sniped a thinman with my LMG
Mostly warduna is just a fun band to listen to to feel like a viking raider
oh man LMGs are the best thing ever
Squad sight without the close range penalty
and sniper accuracy
Oh christ first muton of the campaign!
hopefully all or nothing so that we could prevent certain things from getting written
she can totally move in shadow mode
and does so routinely
the only thing she explicitly can't move through is active electricity
which is how they usually fuck her over, because apparently it sets her on fire or some shit
type /nick
holy shit
reddit imploded
and seeing as thats the same subject, guy was an afgani
The admins made it so you can no longer upvote posts in the_donald
its that bad
and /r/news has apparently rampantly banned 30+ threads on the shooting and banned dozens
and is actively censoring the megathread
that doesn't work on reddit
My roommate lives in west palm
granted hes anti gay and pro gun so I doubt he was there
A gay bar
50 dead at least
and /pol/ has gone stupid
Automatic weapons
On an unrelated note, they made my college website worse
I didn't even know that was possible
I've seen worse, but not for a while
basically, the only difference is that if you had super powers you'd be considered armed and dangerous all the fucking time
which means you act up you get put down
Tree, you can do that as is
apparently someone hacked a major power node with the password 1234
or something dumb
anti-matter is already a thing ish... its dangerous, but not quite as much as one would think
its basically kind of like magnetism
so you can do some very cool stuff with it
also by pumping anti-matter into the earths core you can master time travel
just about all his shit is great
Its canon
confirmed by the bow himself.
We've ruined everything, me and thal
it was eh
no offense, we just didn't act fast enough
wow, so this is what it feels like to be a productive citizen
Bigger batteries are safer than multiple batteries
as we've seen with the hoverboard
where multiple batteries at slightly different variations in voltage made it so they'd damage each other
and then spontaniously catch fire once the casing finally failed
 Ah, super hero games
And the most amusing part of the whole south park super hero thing is kenny actually has super powers...ish
South park video games always manage to go through a bit of development hell
like for example Obsidian hated the stick of truth and advertised that it was a dissapointment and a disaster in production before it even came out
resulting in trey parker and matt stone hating them and vice versa
and then it came out and was widely enjoyed
although it was weak on gameplay
Which is why it made a lot of money and was widely considered successful
they got the formula right in that case
they're trying at it again and I'm curious to see how they change it up... South park tends to be used as an excuse to push shit and try things you can't normally get away with in mainstream game production
because nobody is going to question your mechanics addition when you've literally just added an abortion mechanic
By the way WB, if you have the time I found a minor typo in the Web Novel
Horizon After Dawn interests me
as well as a few others
by the way WB, want me to PM over that one minor error?
By the way, as for sports games 
I really expect some amusing crash footage from that game
I just bought this amazing white tea mix the other day
also night guys
night folks
got work tomorrow
Good morning vietnam
Hey guys, I've created a new religion
that believes in anthromorphicized animated eastern characters inhabiting everything
I think I'll call it Animism
Hey folks
Have you ever tried fig liquor before?
Man
Fucking hitler
bluescreening my computer
Not even kidding, I was watching a dark souls pvp video, someone invaded hitler
and then hitler raised up his scepter and my computer died
They invaded adolf hitler
I only got as far as hitler raising his scepter before the coding in my computer died
I'm not sure how I feel about how dedicated that hitler cosplay was
So wait, did Taylor have a high lung capacity?  I mean she went up against him more times than anyone and won
oh god forgive me that was awful
yeah, it was an adventure
Keep watching
Yeah
I hate to say it but hitler was very on point
Yes, the best kind of conversation
Basically, I was watching a dark souls video and someone invaded hitler in it, and then hitler crashed my computer somehow
video by the way
withut the computer crashing
Jokes on you
I'm registered as a fire fighter in the state of New York and can almost never physically pull jury duty
my names at the bottom of the list with the mentally ill
they put fire fighters at the bottom so they don't get unneccesarily pulled in
Hey folks, fucked up near catastrophically, but fixed it in only 4 hours, 1 of which was spent throwing a panic attack
By the way I was re-reading worm and I noticed... didn't dauntless technically survive everything trapped in time?
I mean, according to bakuda those bombs only last about 100 years or so
I'm pretty sure dragon has a few hundred higher priorities, and also tinker tech tends to cause problems when mixed with other counterintuitive tinker tech
usually ending in anyone caught in the middle violently dying
she was toying with them and had them beaten, the reason she lost was because she toyed with them too much
she was literally shoving a vista bomb up grues nose
wasn't that an actual cape problem, or was that just from her needing to seem smart to people
Its not magical.  She was using a shit ton of real spider silk and it was a small caliber bullet.  The dumb thing was him deciding to use a pistol to execute her
should've done it japanese firing squad style
You know, Couldn't defiant use all that miniaturization shit to build fucking insect cyborgs?
Or something
have bugs literally explode upon impact, like the tinniest most adorable suicide bombers
Same
Granted he did create the minor electroshock staff thing as a bug killing mechanism
and that was arguably shaker
He was a Salt shaker
always so angry at people
Wasn't it just kid wins second hand armor?
like whenever he got bored of a piece he'd let gallant use it, and since hes a tinker thats every other week
Remember, this is the same person that clarified butt chugging is a valid method for imbibing cauldron vials
wasn't tough enough
ask leviathan
How does he heal internal bleeding?
wheres saf or thal when you need someone to say whats on everybodies mind
We all know where this conversation is in a downward spiral towards
yes
and every power must ultimately be used either for sex or evil.  Its a rule.  I'm not sure how this could be used for evil
Jack doesn't want the nine healed
that'd be boring
so question
if you ate a capes brain could you get his powers?
IN Watch The Skies Me, japan and brazil (I was president of brazil), conspired to create a force of magical girls to combat the alien menace
England and Russia allied against us over it
calling Anime a disease
and then everything went to nuclear shit after what turned out to be an alien research expedition apparently declared they were getting tired of our shit
I took the south american alliance and turned it into a series of pro alien juntas alongside our waifu japan
before we fled with japan into the ocean as the nuclear hellfires started
Also my science advisor was making super drugs the whole time so I'd do shit so that he'd give me my next fix.
I prefer being a Pokeman
be back in 5, walking dog
hey folks, my headphones are fried
any suggestions as to what kind of replacements I should get?
I've been looking at Diakon and Sentey, although neither are high quality brands
Let me rephrase
headphones that arent made of fucking solid gold
Christ, $150, what the hell
Those actually look decent
link?
Get dat karma game going
I've been considering learning ASL so I can communicate while scuba diving
also Spud, with typing being so effective, ASL isn't nearly what it used to be
But its still a form of communication and they've rallied a culture around it, which is really cool actually
the problem is then you can draw some parallels that nobody wants you to draw because it'd make an ass of you and whoever pointed it out
I stopped following best of when they started excluding sub reddits
they banned dogecoin posts
and eve posting
We sponsored a Driver in NASCAR off of a joke
and shelled out $5,000 of the $15,000 that got the jamaican bobsled team to the olympics
They must not have marked it as HAZMAT
its also possible the fire hit the magnesium and caused a Rapid Oxidation reaction
and by rapid I mean Explosive
Hopefully those were the shaded helmets
normally they don't whip those out though
But yeah, basically, the big killer of firefighters, other than car accidents and heart attacks, is lack of information
if we don't know a building was shoddily put together, or used those goddamn half a centimeter rivets, or is filled with HAZMAT, people die
oh hi chron
you missed everything
probably just a flashbang disorientation on them
they'll be seeing spots for days
but they'll recover probably ish
anyone insides fucked though
Myopic master race
you've got one eye in the center of your head?
oh
gotta wake up at 6 30 so night too
Rereading worm, and there were a lot of foreshadowing where shit was going to come back to bite people in the ass
Also tattletales even dumber than I remembered
I know this person is a wannabe hero and that she joined us under dubious circumstances, I'm going to pretend like I don't know this for when it inevidably bites us all in the ass
what could possibly go wrong
Also, other than finding true love, has anything good ever happened to parian at any point in worm?
or did she just get consistently outplayed and fucked over for no reason other than proximity
Everyone she knows and loves other then flechette dies
eh, give the racists there containment boards
I mean hell, /r/4chan literally called the admins every racial slur in the book after they got initially skipped over for the whole no ad containment board status
good one doc
I chuckled
and spread the cancer around
as opposed to containing it
the donald makes my day
Anyone remember world war swede?
also how did coil lose, and just how scarily do you think he could've used his power
hell, I'm actually suprised jack slash didn't go for him with that power
but put him with the S9 and you've got them able to work around anyone
actually terrifying
but it'd be that much fucking harder
wow
trickster would be a fit too
pragmatic and short sighted enough to fit in
are you kidding, they're all about flair
it might be sick twisted pragmaticism, the fact that they've gotta put on a show
a horrible, twisted, thousands of people die show
but a show none the less
but yeah, basically Jack slash, along with being basically the joker, is also exactly the kind of thing the entities want'
he goes into major population centers, causes a whole bunch of shards to interact in new and creative ways, and then causes people to trigger, allowing more data to be collected by them
if things were working as intended eden would probably be subtly supporting him and keeping the end bringers in reserve more
the shards don't care about cape deaths, as long as another cape kills them its just more information
and since he kills far more unpowereds then he does capes its all the better
By the way, I greatly enjoy the concept bonesaw had of combining her and amys powers to combine hundreds of capes into one super cape and kill the end bringers
If only we had a #Hellchannel for being stupid in
You know, I'm kind of surprised dragon didn't try to find an already completed AI and modify it to allow her to safely use it as a way to modify herself
because although her laws banned her from human harm, making new AIs, or modifying herself, they didn't stop her from modifying already existing AIs
Also CG I meant that, I meant she'd have to find some assholes anime waifu AI or other awful crap and then build it into something vaguely resembling a functioning good AI
and it'd be an interesting abomination to say the least
Also, interlude 12 has disturbing implications, other than being a literal massacre
the fact that jack slash said a comment that was perfectly on point
"We grow and evolve by testing ourselves.  That’s my personal philosophy.”"  That line is exactly how the shards worked.
also panda, I thought I was obsessed with pokemon until I read into the metas
theres some really impressive shit
5 foot 11 here, my damn younger brothers 6 feet
how do you get a team together?
hey, anyone wanna go in it either?
R I P
I
P
Blood orange would be an interesting hero name
or villain name
Clockwork Orange or Agent Orange would probably work better
Can I make a team of nothing but magikarps?
CG.  Lex Luthor is a tinker
he wears tinker grade power armor
but conventionally smart
By the way, was it just me, or was the whole Grodd arc really dumb
I mean it was basically the Atlantic arc gone wild
Well, apparently some hackers on twitter have made a concerted effort against ISIS.  Both by following and spamming them with porn bots and by apparently hacking them into being gay pride accounts
gonna add another part on in politics
since #weaverdice and #WD_Wichita are in use, can we discuss some sort of a way to make sure people don't blind join in and start talking thinking a session isn't going on, I mean, the current systems fine but just a simple addition to the topic would be helpful in the future
no worries
sorry, theres a whole thing I didn't want to interupt in there, I'll just be patient
oh right
wichitacharchat is a thing
I completely blanked
So hypothetically speaking, if I needed to confirm somewhere was regionally acreditted as a college, where would I check that
Y'all are boring in the morning
All my college seems to care about is that the college I take summer courses at is regionally acreddited
and I have no idea where to search that
Eh, found a list of accredations for it, those should work
and now, back to work I guess
You're literally haunting this place with your whiteness
Theres definitely backstory I'm missing, also hi
I sit weird due to a bunch of minor sensory problems
usually like to keep my feet elevated above my waist as part of it
with my specific sensory stuff
also I probably shouldn't be here either
Its happening!
My Uncles last appeal was denied
hes officially going away for 20 years for being an idiot
although part of his defense actually brought up an interesting point, despite it still being an awful defense
He was claiming poorer younger people were richer older people to get more insurance policies which he could sell, allowing him to make a shit ton of commission money
his argument was that the insurance companies knew he was lying about not intending to sell the policies and didn't care because they made money off of those policies anyway
unfortunately theres no way to prove that and either way what he did was extremely unethical and still a false statement anyway
his only crime was the US recession nailing him according to him.
according to the federal government it was massive scale fraud
guess which side won
he just got denied in supreme court so that's his last recourse
They charged him for the full value of the policies, which was in the dozens of millions, as opposed to the value of money lost, which was far less
Hiero, do you know the movie Get Hard?  My uncles basically will ferrells character
The whitest most entitled person imaginable with no understanding of the outside world.  Hes completely fucked
I'd be upset but whenever I tried to engage him he always made everything about his work when I was young, so I never grew any real attachment due to the fact that he was more boring than plain white toast
That was the entire plot, however my point is that's basically my uncle, except scummier, and I can't really feel that upset about it when hes dragged it out to the supreme court without a real defense so he could get another 3 years outside of prison
what the hell did he even do
sounds like a fun guy at parties
you know, for like $20 you can put up an ad for random demographs of individuals
for all sorts of stupid shit
like males in there 40s in yemen
Currently watching death note on the advice of a friend
apparently starts relatively slow but gets hella dark or something?
He almost immediately went mad with power Hiero
...goddamn it
interplay?
Oh right, its always an interesting thing
Hopefully it goes better than breaking bads interplay
that was depressing as hell
Yeah, a character got written into a corner, everyone expected the show to somehow get them out of said corner... they didn't...
it was pretty clever in hindsight for them to basically go "Fuck you this is real life" as a move instead of doing some plot gymnastics
Also its official, I'm a hundredaire
I can buy a few of the things I want!
Have the Cleveland logs been updated?
Also Thal, you had a mental disability, you picked paranoia, but could've picked a few fun things
Personally, paranoias too bland for my taste
that's what they all say
you know what you did
alien mind is a fun one
you can play as doctor zoidberg or go full anime mode
only if you're a dirty liberal arts school
Mines an engineering major, the most viable of majors
so absolutely nothing about parahumans
Woot
finished my work goal today
oh christ
68 turn random pokemon match
70 turns now
kill me
chancey vs a ghost type
I have 301 special defense and only fighting type attacks
and he has a ghost type with only burn
and ghost attacks
...FUCK!
this is how I went to hell
Wake me up\
Wake me up inside
Wake me up
Wake me up inside
Wake me un inside
Save me
Enough of that, how is everybody
good, just got into the office
I recall a SLPT post where somebody recommended speaking in emoji to get around the NSA
he proceeded to post the turban emoji the bomb emoji and a building emoji
I still will openly advocate that we should have a #Hellchannel
Because having a #hellchannel gives us all a place to be openly stupid in
so we can be less openly stupid here
And is where we can theory craft all the lewd ways various cape powers could be used
Goddamn
2 more books to the list
Better than a code brown
Reading the whole coil arc again and I noticed something of note here
“If we use grenades-” one of the soldiers started. “Do not use grenades.  I assure you it does not work out the way you imagine it will.  Give me that.”
Which leads me to imagine that he used his power there and the alternate scenario was amusing
I assumed grabbed it with the silk net
and then the effects the same except fire gets ruined because the fuel source (wood) just got fragged
and then she now has the advantage and more time to escape
he also likely tried throwing the Molotov initially and failed
Oh god kill me
2 and a half hours
2 and a half hours I spent stuck on a goddamn train
They did that and then had us all exit the train anyway
then we waited in the middle of damn harlem for the next scarsdale train which was double packed
Congratulations anti, you muted me in a dream
I think in #gamedesign of all things in said dream
my meds give me lucid dreams
and its not the first time I've been dream banned
just the first time hes done it
They're 300 dollars before insurance and can make your heart explode if you go into withdrawl
Student copay bruh\
my college covers all but $50 of them
ADHD
I reacted really poorly to Ritalin and didn't want to go on another stimulant
Its Strattera
expensive as shit but effective, with lucid dreaming and very mild narcolepsy as my only two actually moderate side effects
might be severe drowsyness but its too consistent.  Always in the same sunset lighting conditions that do it for me
Its mild narcolepsy, you feel moderately drowsey and can fight it off\
you don't pass the fuck out like they advertise unless its severe
Wait what?
Whose rape horse story thing what'd I miss?
everyone else just get connection fucked?
By the way anti, I don't know if you saw before
but congratulations, you muted me in my own dream
I was shit posting and name change trolling in #gamedesign and he muted me for it in the dream
*cue inception foghorn
RIP
What was the deal with butchers power by the way
Still better than Alexandria
I got straight Cs last semester
which was good seeing C- was my class average in biology
Sounds like my sophomore year of high school saf
except it was me not taking ADHD meds mixed with crippling anxiety before that
Most amusing progress report ever
On one hand teachers commended my social and behavioral progress in there classes, while mentioning I was about to fail everything ever and should stop
Normally mild
except when mixed with ritalin
Probably
What the hell is it with investment firms naming themselves off of shore lines or animals?
So question
Lung vs Hookwolf, who wins?
Woot!
got arma 3 for $20 on sale
Who the hell created a Fire Water type pokemon, and why would such an abomination be allowed to live
Yeah, I hate that guy
 oh god again
Stalemate gone struggle
Managed to get in a struggle fight between a chancey and a kyogre
neither of us could break reps
Speaking of, I
Ive been rereading worm and I finally feel I better understand some of what I thought was janky
like how Alexandria and skitter tried to out bluff each other
and Alexandria apparently was well overconfident in her ability to not die from parahuman attacks
Taylor was bluffing her positiona bit too, they were playing each other
and Alexandria played Taylor a bit too hard
Taylor isn't hard for lisa to read
Lisa knew almost all of Taylors intents
and the one time she didn't she was down from thinker power abuse
Lisa knew from the start she was a wannabe hero, had a good idea what she was considering and found the whole thing amusing, and wasn't surprised with the ultimate defection
Wasn't dragon the PHO headmin?
and god knows who else was moderator
>Not getting in a war with the mod
Isn't that how it is now?
Wikipedias basically controlled by its top 300 editors
you get up in odds with ANY of them, regardless of if you're right or not, and the mods will come down on your ass
Yes
yes, and they're horrifying
you've also got a roughly 1000 large list of concerted griefers
people who not only grief, but have done so to an impressive extent
Like making hundreds of sockpuppet accounts
As the guy who copied a conversation off of another IRC in which a high ranking member of a ss13 community was dumb enough to pay out a 2 bitcoin ransom to someone who stole the code, I fail to see what Ereus did wrong
Besides, we all know Karma is the end goal of everything right?
I'd sell any of you out in a heartbeat for some reddit karma
oh, oops
this client doesn't show mod tags well
I'm on mibbit so you just have a gold star that I assumed meant someone gave you a sticker or something
because I'm on a work computer
and downloading software without permission would get me fired
it makes perfect sense
wait, isn't IRC cloud just pastebin?
Too lazy to make an irccloud account
I once got a dank 40 karma and a small part of a dramawave when I pastebinned ransom logs a guy in a community brought up
Elara I am saying that if you want to copy and paste or quote verbatim something someone else said, you should ask them if that's ok
come at me bruh
Actually no
Yeah?
RIP
Okay, I'll get back to work and stop shitposting, I'll just declare this mission accomplished or whatever
Theres a difference between copying something funny or stupid and copying something flat out emotionally damaging or whatever
I mean theres a difference between copying a funny discourse compared to compiling a list of people who have stated they're transgender with there quotes and posting it on a hate site
and the difference is pretty obvious to most people
It wasn't even me to begin with
I'm just playing devils advocate because I always play devils advocate
We're a reddit/wordpress based community
we're literally founded on stealing ideas
granted, I inexplicitly got here from 4chan
which is even worse
someone posted this Web novel on a conversation about recommended books and the rest turned up good so I ended up on the site
ended up curious if there was an IRC and found here
but 4chan though...
4chan is stronk
Why would you even think a cold shower was a good idea?
I still can't tell if TheDonald is serious or not
I just like to believe they're like r/4chan or /r/eve where everything is cancer but most people are actually at least semi sane
even if the /r/4chan mods posted up hardcore porn after the admins didn't quarantine the community to remove advertisements
he has a cooldown
to prevent people from doing exactly that
As my da used to say, vote early and often
personally, I think England should never have joined the EU, and am amazed the EU hasn't imploded
but BREXIT doesn't really change that now even
The UK is basically England and anyone who couldn't fight or beg there way to freedom
hell every other member of the UK is trying to leave still
Irelands not part of the UK
I
I'm officially being paid to do nothing
also misclick
I feel accomplished
Intern at a tech company
I've been updating contact sheets and running inventory for them because its literally not worth the time of anyone with a college degree to do
I get paid shockingly good for it too
Nah, I'm looking people up and confirming they still work where there listed, and writing facts about potential client companies
requires manual look up and an eye for things like template sites or serious flaws
I have no coding skill whatsoever
although I can parse a code and roughly get what I'm looking at
Jesus fucking christ
I just heard my boss shouting profanity from the meeting room on the opposite side of the building
Not at me, and I'm not nearly brave enough to investigate
I'm not a coder, I'm an intern
Calling someone crazy is an opinion
its not defamation if its an opinion
If you said he was a diagnosed schizophrenic who ate babies you'd be committing defamation
FO4 map wasn't that dense
If it was I wouldn't have fallen through it
I got Arma 3 yesterday at 50% off
Stellaris is on sale today?
Its EU4 in space
and its still a bit rough around the edges but its already pretty cool
Its a paradox game so they always are at first
Agh decisions
do I get stellaris now or wait to see if it drops to 50%
Already got Arma III and This War of mine
and I've been working a city job to pay for everything
Its a paradox game lack
paradox always has rough around the edges games on release
the other stuff is dark souls is 25% off also
which might get better or worse
but DS3 is where all the fun is
Oh shit
undertales 30% off
finally I can see why playing that game seems to give you mental problems
Undertale has one of the most toxic communities in gaming despite being a good game from what I can tell
Hah, lucky bastard
I get paid 120 dollars to look at mind numbing spreadsheets all day
Yeah, summer is college construction season
and good luck navigating Worchester during construction season
all the roads are under maintenance and they're nothing but potholes normally anyway
One of my friends paid for poker with his law school funds
4chan is losing its mind, as is reddit
its hilarious
I'm drowning in drama from all of this and everything has become cancer
Its too late for your sanity El
save to dev/null
Speaking of
did you hear they identified several nile Crocodiles in the everglades?
Suggesting theres probably a lot more than just the few they found
Its mostly a problem for people over environmental damage, and good luck to those giant pythons
Mod_Doc IRL
Story time!
Doesnt
doesn't the buff alone count as master?
Same way Rachel is a master despite the fact that her power gives her no control over dogs
what was?
broadcast for reps?
oh
Well, killing is a means of communication I guess
Eden was supposed to be operating them and likely holding back a bit
they have automated times to go out but I suspect if eden didn't die like she did they would have been held back at key times to allow for people like the S9 to get action in or for the heros to consolidate a bit more
the entities are parasites, they don't want to wipe humanity out normally, but have no qualms with harming humanity, the problem is the more the protectorate and other teams get worn down, the less interaction between shards you get.  The whole point of the exercise was for shards to interact
Also I suspect killing behemoth effectively was a ""level up"" for the whole exercise, where they made one that directly stole from your heavy hitters, meaning you needed to rely on either less powerful capes and power interaction or rely on being able to counter your strong capes.  Really the exact opposite of behemoths strategy
oh god, decisions
Speaking of, I think I just finished superhot?
I don't get what the big deal was about, I made it 30 minutes in and they told me never to open it again
Its like far cry 4 all over again
the shady computer messaging thing in it
with the funky red text
but they told me not to
Not listening would be rude
but the game explicitly told me not to open superhot.exe again
if I were to ignore things like that we'd have chaos
I'm already burning through my money at a scary pace
wake me up inside
I have something like $1200 saved up from working this summer in my "fucking around fund" before food of course
already burned through at least $60 of it
thats also ignoring the $180 I spent on metro tickets
seriously, $83 for a week pass to use the train, goddamn it NY
and it was late every day getting back this week, once for two hours
Ah, the one benefit of my hillariously outdated pokemon meta
if you stupidly use high speed pokemon like lopunny I can wreck you with the difference in speed between a torkoal and you
am I kill
I've gone insane
I've succumbed to the steam sale and am still playing other things I could for free
and I made a random pokemon team of all eevee morphs in that showdown game
Good afternoon WB
Or good morning, whatever it is where you are
Oh wow, new studies keep suggesting that our early solar system was a complete mess
we know that everything shifted, a planet the size of mars collided with earth, and now that a planet hit pluto also
another small planet but a planet still
and then you have whatsitsname in the asteroid belt which got pounded to oblivion and god knows what else destroyed by the gas giants, one of which got flung out to such an obscene distance it was only recently discovered
Oh damn
CK2 at 75% off
Yeah, I'm on unsecure campus wifi so I'm waiting until I get home
but definitely getting it
Finally I can marry my sister and assassinate my cousin, before expelling the jewry
Also I've heard a case where some guy used eugenics warfare in CKII to win.  Made heirs with every flaw possible and then married them off to high level individuals in royal families so there offspring would be weak and easy to overthrow
Fun fact: You used to be able to make whole horse lineages and, under the right condition, could have a horse ruling your nation.
They patched that out only a few years ago too
and it was also almost immediately modded back in
but yeah, from what I've garnered, they added an event in if you're character is insane where you appoint a horse as your chancellor.  This horse then shows up under your characters house/retinue.  Due to several oversights there was no restriction on marrying said horse off.
Due to several other oversights you could then proceed to get a pregnancy from said marriage, and due to even more oversights the child would end up being a horse
and then one thing leads to another and your nation is now ruled by horses
and once that was discovered it became a competition to make as much of the world horse empires as possible
Theres been other interesting bugs and issues in CKII over the years also
such as the fact that apparently the greek culture, which has the option of castrating prisoners, would be bugged so that any individual in it would constantly be performing castration checks on all known individuals, and as more greeks appeared in the game due to the byzantine empire, this got a bit out of control
and then crippling lag from greeks trying to castrate people
Paradox truly has the greatest bugs in there games
I think thats also a way people exploit eugenics in CKII, and it horrifying
Basically, paradox game are where crimes against humanity are a tuesday
Can't tell if steam is on fire or my account has been compromised
Well, I just noticed something on the reread
Earth was always fucked
Either scion would burn it all down like he did here or they would've destroyed the earth due to the fact that they travel interstellar by using a Bay Michaels reaction to produce large amounts of propulsion
and then use gravity to fine tune there direction from there
sorry about that
Sanguine is only edgy if you're not an elder scrolls fan
true
I kind of wanted to make a cape based off of some non creative idea that was then misspelled
like for example, someone with a sun power naming himself off of whatever that sun knight from that awesome video game was... you know, solitaire
imagine the amount of shit they'd get for that
I'm okay reading a play as long as something happens in it
but I can't stand The Dead for that
Christ
that physically hurt me
$412 for a fucking textbook
hi sara
Evidently one made of fucking mithril and bound in funnel web spider silk
Seriously, What the fuck America?
Basically, either you buy a hard cover people will rebuy for $400+, a used one for $300 that might be totally fucked, a loose leaf version nobody will fucking buy for $200, or you can go fuck yourself
or alternatively drop $50 on net access if its a class with online homework based out of the system
yup
Thanks Obama
I got a scholarship opportunity at every college I applied to and got accepted to except for the one I ended up going to
The broken fascist capitalist empire of America
From what I can tell BREXIT is based off of the same issue of our election
people are disgruntled
and are putting said disgruntlement into any medium possible to express it
which includes voting for anti establishment options, like fuck the EU or fuck the established parties (hence trump votes)
Gallows humor is pretty decent from what I hear also
and 4chan if you looked in the right place used to have some pretty good stuff going on, but a lot of its either on summer hiatus or screwed up by the recent /tg/ /qst/ split
its a whole web comic thing thats being done by a relatively highly regarded QM on 4chan
widely considered pretty good but I haven't gotten around to reading it yet
Yes
but they occasionally get quality if you're willing to dig through shit
and with the fact that they generally are more active you're more likely to run into quality in the long run
that said, be prepared for large amounts of weaponized autism if you do so
Isn't there some sort of link that closes your client
I forget what it was but I recall at least one mmo where it was spammed a lot
Do yo guys ever wonder how salty the dead chat is of worm?
?
heh
You wouldnt be the first jen
also no, In space station 13 people who die can still communicate in dead chat, which is a chat only admins and ghosts can use
I'd imagine the dead chat for worm would be very salty
seriously, just imagine how mad alexandria would be a everything that happened after words.  Or how angry everybody was at jack when he finally got his
Icelands gone back to its viking roots now
they've raided the shit out of the Europa cup
Elar is probably drinking themselves to a stupor with tea
Isn't there a police and fire department strike atm?
I believe in the theory that everything explained at the end of ME3 was the reapers fucking with shepard
also that, with what we know about the game, that the reapers wouldn't be getting fucked in the earth fight
I just finished binge reading worm for the second time
confirmed a whole lot of stuff
like that everybody was fucked from the start even if everything had gone okay
Woot
Recettear is on sale for $5
Alexandria probably should've taken the hint from siberian
thats the problem with invincibility, it makes you reckless and careless
and causes you to employ straight up stupid strategies like bullying emotionally unstable individuals into committing homocide
Which was wrong, his lie detector worked fine, it was her who wasn't sure on whether or not what she was saying was the truth or a lie
if shes not even sure on it his software sure as hell can't be either
No, alexandrias plan made perfect sense normally, its completely sound with the added assumption that shes the target and her immortality isn't partial
she was wrong on two points
one of them is why tagg died, the other ones why she died
yes, but so was tagg
and thats where she fucked up also because no matter what tagg was fucked
even if her plan did work
I also like the Imp theory
that all of this was in taylors head and she was actually in the parahuman asylum the entire time until the end
I'd say poor panacea but she did some stupid shit
siberian did a number on scion even, which was impressive
she probably broke into a zoo and stole it or something, or from some poor rich bastards private collection
That'd be a scary fight
who would win, crawler or lung?
neither would back down
and both would get stronger
perfect foes
but its permanent for him
But crawler is made of reinforced plotonium
Oh god
Tank dating simulator is on sale
kill me before I get a chance to buy it
ouch
I only recently had to cope with the idea of actually being functionally blind without glasses so I feel for you doc.  Does that also mean you're eyesights degrading?
Panzermadels: Tank Dating Simulator
I am strongly considering buying it while its on sale, but would have to abandon any sense of self respect I have to do so
although, as a friend already pointed out, I have very little self dignity to begin with
Please kill me
Another one 
right
sorry
also didn't even mean to paste it in this channel
I accidentally swapped my server tabs
RIP
Speaking of, if you dumped the cauldron vial into a bong and smoked it, what would happen?
heh
I'm mei and I'm going to ruin your ult by putting up a wall
stupid wifi
...no
I pronounce it "Wye Fye"
"Why Fy"
whatever
I pronounce a bunch of other things wrong though
Roadhog best hog
Hey, two hypothetical questions
hypothetically if I just set off every alarm in my house for a few seconds, should I be concerned?
and on another hypothetical note, how the heck do I replace the battery in this fire alarm
in this hypothetical fire alarm
It was annoyingly beeping
so I took it down
hypothethically of course
Oh god
I bought the tank dating simulator, kill me
Its an abomination, yet it is so glorious
when Mazin?
I'm probably off to college then
but in the off chance I'm around I'd be happy to show you some of the cooler spots and keep you away from the tourist traps
pro tip: Don't tip elmo, and don't go to times square
coincidentally, if anyones up around boston ever I'm only 40 minutes out when at college
I know its a city with awful sports teams thats overall inferior to the bastion of glory that is NYC, but I'm happy to meet up there
Wait, is NYCC not a typo of NYC?
oh
nerds
(says the guy who went to anime boston for 2 days)
I dressed up as a SS13 grey tider
got yelled at for bringing a metal crowbaer
crowbar
fun fact: A metal crowbar costs $7, a plastic one costs $10
it was actually cheaper and easier to get a real crowbar than a fake one
I still have that crowbar somewhere
I once cosplayed imp, but nobody seemed to notice it
test
RIP
I was right
I warned them that if /tg/ kicked quests off of tg it would only make things dumber
and now /tg/ has fallen into even deeper shitposting and cancer threads and magical realm shit
some of which is literal blatant smut
as opposed to subtle mut
smu
smut* what it was before
TG has always been /d/-lite
but they kind of wax and wane with it
and after they made a trial board for qsts despite the majority not wanting such a thing, things have gotten worse
also its table top as well as other traditional games
including a bunch of the older video games as well
particularly those that become cross platform settings
basically, 4chan and reddit are both mostly shit, with the occasional gems in them
you've just gotta know where and how to dig
Because /r/4chan is a high cancer board
the majority of its also shit posting
I like writing up elaborate and incredibly racist conspiracies and posting them on /pol/ and /r/conspiracy
I'd give an example but I'd likely get banned
You mean I should encourage idiots right el?
Vote Brexit
I'm not a good person
I got that reference
Because its a great way to keep the containment boards containment?
Keep the idiots quarantined to those places and everything is okay
Eh, you're never going to convince them like that
but you can keep pushing them into dumber and more ridiculous bullshit to the point where nobody else will take them seriously
kind of like /r/conspiracy nowadays
Some of them are debate team
people who are practicing arguing an unarguable unpopular opinion as practice for actual debates
as I said, half of flat earthers are debate team
who are arguing the point as an exercize
Its an unpopular opinion nobody can easily agree with
and it requires you to twist arguments in a way that you actually can sound academic and intelligent about it
also I argued pro monarchy in high school, only kid in my class who did so well
I even threatened to execute pro democracy students for treason
French Revolution by the way
eh, you'd be suprised
The only other option would be to pick something really unpopular like why stalin was a good person, and then you're just contraversial
El, there is one less now
heh
You know, I've written scenerios over why hitler dying like he did was actually the best case scenerio, and why killing hitler earlier causes bad things to happen
kill him as a baby, communism takes over germany instead of fascism
not really
hitler popularized the fascist movemenet
and with all the anti-establishment movement radicalism would've picked p anyway
It was an exercize, personally hes a bastard and deserved far worse than he got
I'm just very very good at playing devils advocate
Coincidentally, gets me in a lot of shit
Me and one of my closer friends always play devils advocate, we get along great despite him being on the opposite side of the political spectrum from me
I doubt you can simply call the fire department to shock that door open
by the way
I found it interesting that simurghs coding effectively led to scion getting fucked over
with bullets
if that doesn't work use more bullets
stalones law
Well then
I just got back from watching Swiss Army Man with friends
and I'm moderately confused
Soylent green is people!
I'd almost want to go into the army just so I fully understood what it is to go through it
I wont because I'm not an idiot but still
The sad thing is though, the Army is this countries best form of welfare
you can be part of a piss broke family with no accredition and no school districts and go to a college in anything afterwards
as well as pick up a massive amount of usable material on your resume and specialties you can also list
as well as a large amount of money in comparison to the work you do
Yeah, Its kind of sad because we could put some of that money into welfare instead of the military complex.  Hell, put it into internal reviews or sorting out the contract system and you'd be perfect
also Nada, netflix made it DVD only
its a pain in the ass
and they're dropping serenity also in a few months also
When did I D/C?
A spiderman game that wasn't crap
Something about spiderman always stuck with me, about how despite being as powerful as he was he was still living in a tenement working minimum wage in the south bronx
Shadow stalkers power isn't weak
she just was easy to bait because she was an idiot
when your entire schtick is "be edgy and brooding and shoot people with arrows or try to shank them", people start pre-empting you
they either wear arrow proof armor (not like they invented that at any point over 800 years ago), or use electric weaponry.  Hell, use an electric fan and you'd really fuck her over
you're thinking flechette marcy
shadow stalkers arrows are incorporial briefly until they become solid again
Thats definitely flechette
flechette ignores several laws of physics until she doesn't
her objects are in motion regardless of whether or not they're acted on by an outside force
exactly, ignoring outside forces until she decides not to
thats newtons 1st and 3rd law
yes, briefly
usually not long enough to punch into armor if you're not at close range
she'd have to touch individual bullets
so a revolver would work, but only every other shot
or she could use a zip gun or a muzzle loader I guess
but both of those are awful ideas for obvious reasons
she used darts spud
more aerodynamic
wow, Shadow stalkers power in the CUI is scary
theres gotta be some effect that says no to that
like manton effect or something
that says you can't kill the world
Welp, apparently apples suing someone behind the right to repair bill
what the fuck
Hes also strongly suggested without saying anything at all that people should download and illegally repost his channel videos
your 3 days early brut
what that bruts a filthy communist?
So I was right?
Definitely communism
((Tell that to Cuba))
((Also totally not serious)
Ignoring all the corruption regarding the oil companies, logging companies, salmon farming, mining... canada is actually a decent country
oh right, fisheries and banking also
Granted, America just has so many industrial lobbyists that some cancel each other out
Well, I've finally had an answer for what happens when capes play actual sports
everyone cheats like an olympian
Apparently the vast majority of gold winners in the olympics are actively doping
including the majority of the russians
Apparently it was so bad in Russia Even the KGB were in on it
They were actively swapping dirty urine samples for clean ones using a hole in the laboratory that was testing it
Now, capes all cheat also
oh christ
I got it
space jam Worm crossover
it'd be the best/worst thing ever
oh christ, bugs bunny is basically a trap tinker, arguably with possible Stranger power
You know
say what you want about that, but I personally think turbans are stylih
stylish
Granted, I think the same about yammulkas so yeah
So hes the one we get to thank for making the hitler stache completely useless
Hitler is like accord if accord got eaten by Noelle
So did accord
and accord was batshit insane
I made a bad joke
and I need to stop doing tha
speaking of, if accord survived things would've been interesting
thats probably why simurgh offed him
Wait, what?
taylor did nothing with order or disorder
I'd hesitate to say her S9 plan or her anti PRT plan worked
in fact, I'd say the latter went tits up and her plan to fight coil was half assing it
Her plan failed and then kind of trainwrecked to victory
Totally
could possibly get 2nd degree murder too
although thats questionable
I imagine something or other happened in that relationship
Teen affluenza was actually the judge being clever
the judge had to choose between 2 years in juvie and a record expungement or getting the kid infamous with that bullshit with a longer probation he wouldn't be able to hold up
instead of 2 years the kid got 12 as an adult
and his mother also went to prison as an added bonus
and they got plastered on TV and got there reputation ruined
even if he didn't get arrested again he'd never be able to get a respectable job or college application if the first thing that shows up in a search is "Killed 4 people and pled affluenza"
especially since schools explicitly ask "have you been arrested and why"
I'll tell that to my uncle who got taken to prison today
his supreme court appeal fell through btw
I've heard a bunch of bullshit regarding the drug tests and also when people swap Probation officers
pro tip: Most people who work as probation officers don't do it out of the kindness of there heart
they do it because they can't get another job or because they are vindicative as hell
some of them are actually nice people though
how does one fix a keyboard?
Chrono, tell that to someone from Dublin
and thats how you get stabbed
That reminds me of my united alien ground force project, of using a whole bunch of alien tech to enhance a group of japanese school girls into an elite fighting force
I was playing watch the skies as president of Brazil
and UK Embargoed me for that
shit
if anyone wants to follow the press releases from that game
its long ended with half the world dying in nuclear hellfire
but still
You know, apparently species and blood do not matter with being mandalorian
also  I forgot I did that one
It could theoretically happen
although a large amount of mandalorians are war orphans
At least one individual in my Xcom team is a former EXALT agent
in XCOM 2
Man, damn
I broke my  key omehow
There we go
going to see what I can do here
sure that should do it
As I suspected, the keys were misaligned, not fried
modding xcom?
I'm happy to be cannon fodder,
nope
can't write that quip with a straight face
I was going to make some elaborate quip that also jokingly implied I was both a furry and a mary sue, but I couldn't do it... it was one step too shit for me to even joke about
damn it
I hate you so much right now
and hate myself about equally
Link?
Wow, this selfie is over 3 years old now, still sort've works? 
wait, nevermind, not actually a selfie
but yeah
going to bed here too
Ah, only war
were you quickly learn why not to spend effort on char sheets
Semi consious
I hate you right now mar
I can't eat mac and cheese any more due to my lactose intolerance
and it used to be one of my favorite easy foods
still is, I just can't eat it
My existence is basically suffering
wait
I've got it
an awful crossover idea for that space jam x worm one, where the S9 demand a basketball tournament with their chosen individuals and the villains of brockton bay have to make them git gud at the sport.  It'd be the most awful bullshit ever
Although imagining what bonesaw would do to the local basketball team to transplant there skills into S9 members gets disturbing fast
afternoon
panicking
I personally prefer the jesus was a perfectly normal human being who just decided we should all try being nice to each other for a change instead of bickering
and naturally got strung up for it
just get cheap bootleg fireworks
its what the cool kids are using
Limbs are overrated
Also somethings borked on the parahumans wiki
you can't get to it through the wiki tab, but it still works sort've
wow
Ive been ciencing and the key fucking up on my computer are all doing o a t the ame time
it never jut one key unreponive or a egment of them, in thi cae it  my  key and my backpace
trying to find the fucky driver now and replace it
could be wor e I once had a 5 hour bu ride after a day worth of flying
and it turned out my dog died after all that
fuck
talked with a nerd, its hardware
chrit, it happening again
apparently definitely a hardware iue
gonna need to rewire my keyboard to fix it, not ure whether to do it myelf, ak a friend, or take it in for repair
my s key my backspace key and my ' key all randomly go in and out depending on random bullshit
they're working now but my research and nerd stuff suggests its a loose connection to the motherboard
Basically
they're working now
Fan fics are a toss up
some are complete mary sue self insert crap
some are amazing
hell, I just finished the panacea and skitter team up thing, where they ended up being the saviors of brockton bay... somehow managed to have worse implications than the normal worm story
especially with the fact that they had pre-approved class S kill orders standing by
no?
I don't think
there are a lot of awful ones of that
I was thinking, its uncanny how often you can compare trigger thresholds in worm with other canon super heroes and actually find similarities
with obvious exceptions, such as captain america who, coincidentally, got his powers out of a bottle...ish
yes, but the fact that it so often fits is the weird thing
like how you've got iron man with long term stressors of being held in a cave for multiple months (tinker), you've got superman as a fleeing a dying planet.  (Mover), and I'll get a few others
fair enough, I'm half asleep and rapidly realizing I'm an idiot
So question, how badly would shit go if you tried to create a time machine in wormverse as a tinker?
do you think that'd be grounds to get ziz'd?
oh christ
a time travelling simurgh
well then, I found a crayfish in the middle of the road this morning
Whats funny is that /pol/ sometimes calls things ahead of time
mostly because they claim everythings about to explode at all times but its always amusing to see them all freak out
also yeah, as a general rule, about 50% of /pol/ are trolls or liberals joking around, about 25% are people with severe mental illness/who actually believe it.  And about 25% are filthy casuals
They also ran the "Don't let your memes be dreams" campaign to vote for trump
or was it Dont let your dreams be memes
or don't let your memes be memes
I don't even know any more
WOOT!
I got a question right because everyone else botched sig figs
not that brave
it was a 100% reaction, but thanks to sig figs it was 99.986$ complete
or something
its a math problem
its just a bunch of people rounded wrong
they didnt
I got a question right because  everyone else botched sig figs
that was just me expressing myself poorly
as usual
You know, there is one thing that really broke immersion for me in worm
Triumph managed to get caught cheating in baseball
seriously what the fuck was up with that?
Yes, it isn't that hard to detect steroids either
nobody ever does for a reason
holy shit
Lionel Messi just got 21 months prison sentence
They just want to win the World Cup
and are getting revenge on Messi now that he quit the National Team in Disgrace
true
neither is your national team Elara
Not going to retort that El?
And some years they lose to Iceland
We got top 8 last world cup
and then lost embarassingly in the copa oro
otherwise known as the CONCACAF
I recall you guys did better than expected and oh god class brb
Belgian waffles are the greatest thing ever
Don't you trash talk them
My hovercraft ees full of eels
Wow
someone robbed a bank in my region for $150 dollars
coincidentally, thats new ereus?
When I was on there were people constantly impersonating Moderators in WoW
Seriously, how washed up do you have to be to steal $150 from a bank... wait what!?
How the hell do you steal a GM account
The geneva convention?
Oh god, the pokemon go jokes are amazing
evening all
Heh. theres a town called Weed, california
You guys see that france - Germany game?
I heard some French saying it on an EU server for Squad but I thought they were trolling after I started mocking the French language
Apparently the response to the French statement you don't understand but has to do with them being a medic is not "hon hon baguette Arch De Triumph"
he said something that included je suis medic which was the only part I understood
then I said the above and then someone said France 2- Germany 0
I assumed they were messing with me
I was wrong
Germany won the world cup and consistently has been a great soccer team
and usually wins away games with host nations historically
So was brazil...
Also French soccer players have a history of getting lost on there way to the arena
er... stadium*
humpback on cam atm
Might have been a Minke, looked a bit small for a humpback in hindsight
You should've been here for the whales than
You guys need to make the bot able to run mafia or poker or blackjack
Whales back
they go under 1-5 minutes in brief bouts, if you see its tail its 5-15 under and they'll probably lose it
I hope you guys didn't miss it, this stuff makes me excited more than it should
I linked a livestream from BC that had a whale surface on it
I'm very into marine biology in case you couldn't tell
definitely a humpback this time
I'm thinking 2 of em
Dolphin pod on cam
Might be pacific dolphins, might be porpoises
Another whale on cam
I just linked a whale watching stream\
enjoy that for crying out loud
You're dead to me Vereor
What about the jets?
That a new football team?
what is RE Zero anyway?
I'm trying and failing to get into anime for a while
there are two girls my age who I'm friends with who are very into anime
that means anime must be for me
Yes, that's my entire justification for getting into anime
uh...
Fuck
I watched a bit of death note and it got annoying by episode 12
Tried watching attack on titan also
and just...eh...
I'll text these to myself
what makes you think I'm an FMA guy, out of curiosity?
Although, I do think the AoT theme music is great to panic study too
or play Xcom/starcraft too
I've seen some of the abridged
one of my friends showed it and it was pretty amusing, although I never bothered to keep up watching it for reasons I'm unclear on... damn you past me for being an idiot
the trick to creating diversity is to just play meme or gimmick characters
You should see my character in dark souls, I'm pretty sure it'd anger a few people in here
nope
but it involved the notched whip and that ring that reverse your characters gender on emotes performed
and a lot of leather armor
oh Christ, don't remind me about that
I'm still suppressing those memories
exaltedverse always manages to go magical realm
it really disturbs me how often that happens
yes... magical realm
you sweet summer child
looked it up?
Wait, what do you mean you're dating all your players?
I did not know that, I'll just file that into that part of my brain of interesting facts about random people online
I mean I'm a jew, we don't really get to call people heretics ever since the incident
That was a crucifixion joke,
also yeah, my sense of humor is shit
No, my holocaust jokes are never subtle
Yeah, Jews tend to appreciate jew jokes
Why does mexico never win the Olympics?
Because all there runners, swimmers, and jumpers have already made it to america
What do you call an abortion in Prague?
A cancelled Czech
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb?
I don't know, but its certainly more than twelves
twelve*
Yes?
Yes
No?
unless you count a step ladder
I chuckled
...I hate you
Now do the aristocrats
So do witches!
that means they're a witch!
you totally just pinged pink by the way
as did I... shit
What do you call an angry german?
Saurkraut
I have the airplane version of that
Whats the difference between a politician and a bucket of dirt?
The bucket
What do you call an epileptic in a cabbage patch?
A Seizure salad
Why do French tanks have rear view mirrors?
So they can watch the battle
So a liar, a criminal, and a congressman walk into a bar.  He orders a drink.
I haven't even gotten into my really offensives yet.
and I shouldn't push my luck further
>_>
Quick!  Lets fight the power
How do the Night Watch clean there knives?
They run them through the snow
How did Ygritte know winter was coming?
Because snow already came
aand not going deeper down that rabbit hole
Er...
I can explain?
er
I do that too
Also another whale on cam
I am, I'm running spreadsheets googling names and companies
and have you guys and a livestream open in another tab
also hi WB, we definitely didn't sink to degeneracy while you were gone
its a british Columbia orca lab livestream
90% of the time its just empty straight
strait*
Dont
Er... don't you judge me
er
Awesome, another whale
I finihed uperhot, 0/10 game bludgeoned me over the head
I thought gallant power armor wa motly tripped down to make it eaier to maintain
yup
Link here too?
Youre aweome btw
All of you people are aweome imo
except for all you filthy lurker
like hakur or indifferent, when have they ever done anythign in here
ouch
oh, that actually makes ense
fucking s key
so I can't blindly call people filthy lurkers?
I'm partially face blind
so I just act like everybodies my friend
and then half of them think I'm crazy
or weird
Yep
RIP
anyway, it doesn;t help that I talk to myself as an orginizational crutch
its a good way to not do dumb shit and to not forget things
now... animu or squad
Rngeesus has picked squad
Got the team group earch engine i awful
I jut want to find the group Get Good o I can invite people to it
Clearly you haven't seen bleach
no, that is dragon unleashed mar
Flashbangs are the shit
Also emergency alloy shiv in case of flankage.  Can be replaced by a armor mech
I like to use close combat assaults for screening during vs cryssalids or dumb thinmen/sectoids
you can actually exploit snakes and seekers if you're clever.  Get em to wrap a vulnerable ally and they take 1-2 damage instead of getting crit hit
And it fucks with the AI because theyll get the easy flank on your constricted soldier, be unable to target them, and then fire on full cover soldiers
Do you think that bakuda discovered Michael-BayTonium?
 By the way WB, on that note, please promise us youll never go full Christopher Paolini
He was the author of eragon, who jumped at the first chance to make his book into a movie to disasterous results
most fans of the series are still in denial about that movies existence
am I D/Cd?
hockingly no
and those hurt her like hell also
plus it appeared that bakudas pain bomb worked too well on taylor
apparently setting it off on someone point blank triggers a  massive enough pain responce to burnout part of the brains pain center
Am I a bad person for using questionable stategies to literally burn enemy pokemon to death
or submission
Chemical warfare is a kind of warfare
Just because I used a flame orb to infinitely set fire to two pokemon by exchanging status conditions doesn't make me that bad of a human being right?
Besides, the guy I did it too is either lagging heavily or intentionally drawing out the timer to make me forfeit
or is distracted
guess distracted
Speakng of, I'm dissapointed Uber, Leet, and Blasto didn't get together and start an underground pokemon fight club
Imagine the money they could've made in it
I distinctly remember me and everyone at my summer camp playing pokemon
long before 2011
So many unethical ways to get rich in worm
I'm dissapointed bonesaw didn't start a soylent green facility
What possible use would a tinker have for money
also imagine the unbridaled horror of thousands upon thousands of people when they realized the unholy truth
Welp
me and my father just had a falling out so now it looks like I'm going to have to find my own affordable housing, fuck me
eh, got a 40 hour a week job that payss $15 an hour, in theory housing should be viable
wont be great but so long as I don't get shot I should be fine
I barely use names and minimize pronouns since I suck at name memorization anyway
Yeah, as long as you don't go out of your way to antagonize a genderfluid individual they shouldn't get offended in all likelihood
although I only know one transgender individual off the top of my head and maybe one or two other possible ones but I'm almost entirely too indifferent to ask.
my college does have one of the highest rates of transgender students in the country
Chances are I do to, and just fail to recognize them
as I said, I really am not going out of my way to look at them
I used to hang out with a disturbing amount of people who turned out to be furries, although then I left the SCP group and joined up on goonstation irc which is a good 80% +male
and now I'm here in a far more diverse group
honestly, its one of those things thats better off left unknown
Honestly, knowing the pit of deprevity I come from I have no right to judge you
C-53 with the numbers swapped is 35, minus that by 1 and add that plus 15 letter jumps to the C and you've got R-34.
as I said, I come from /tg/, which is /d/-lite, I have no right to judge
and its reverted to just /d/ in denial now
correction, /d/nial
still beats /b/ and /trash/ I guess
but thats not saying much
and yes, there is a secret /trash/ board on 4chan, and its an abomination
when I call something an abomination, I mean it, but yeah, you'd swap /trash/ where you'd normally have an alternate board designation... Don't do it unless you've steeled yourself though, its not for the faint of heart, also very NSFW
oh sweet
I've read all the non-crossovers to completion that are decently rated
in about 8 days
help me
I've grammar edited for setanta (need to read the new one to double check it), and also gotta read dire worm I guess
link?
Dragons weird, I'm not even sure if shes something the shards have done before or not
do you think they've encountered and interacted with AI, they have to of for richer to get that power right?
which leads to a whole bunch of disturbing questions and implications, of if planets went full skynet before, just like how there was the running joke in one of them that the panacea shard has definitely fucked up at least one civilization
they definitely learned a thing or two from humanities "Peanut butter and jelly sandwich in a tube"
I also enjoy the running joke about the QA shard being crazy even by shard standards
"I'm helping" Sics all the bees ever on alexandria and tagg forever
Never not poison the plague cure
You're live chrono
Also I need to buy Xcom 2 when it actually goes on sale
for like 25% off
I was hoping at least 30% off
...
FUCK
and I enjoy Xcom 1
XCOM The Long war bruh
also XCOM 2 has better mod installment
so hopefully installing the dank meme mod wont break everything this time
Correction, the Ayy Lmao 2 mod
Also 
but yeah, I've already picked some mods out for xcom 2
Yes
I'm patrick
Well... y..you too
ouch
I like to imagine grantville didn't abort and that was just the ending leading to the obvious conclusion
of class A threat declaration and dozens of parahumans dying
as well as half the city
All because of like three different well meaning fools
Its aborted, but late enough in that you can pretty much see it was a bad end about to happen
also almost every mainline cape died due to mistakes, recklessness or stupidity, with one Protectorate capes last words being "Fuck I masturbate with that hand"
he later died because it turns out that breaker states don't fix crushed limbs
one moment
fuck I posted in Weaverdice
it was tellers by the way
theres the actual one where shit meets fan
alexandria falls, everybody dies?
I was referencing the Rocks Fall, everyone dies trope, which clearly occurred here under justifiable circumstances
a whole bunch of tropes shockingly fit in grantsville
I mean, a bunch of people fucked up
they had the puzzle pieces but decided to spill to one or two people they shouldn't have
and tried the "We'll go public, that never ends poorly" move
wait, if pearl is a bard what am I?
oh
huh
I was confused
FUCK
I took down a damn raider and looted the fucker and the aliens immediately nuke my Sattelite, costing me almost half what I earned from the raid, and my funding
also lost a sacrificial rookie and a few severe wounds
Permaband
RIP
yeah hell, whose dumb idea was it to make a pokemon game with no actual pokemon battles
Screw that
go team Instinct
Goddamn
Newfoundland was going so well
I'd wrecked two pods of cryssalids with no real damage except for two blown up buildings and was making progress when my medic randomly got michael bayed by her cover and then my engineer shot out my own teams cover to kill a thin man
seriously, cryssalids are terrifying until you figure out how easy it is to bait them into double moves
they'll always rush for melee, even if it puts them within 2 tiles of your assault shotgunner
and your shredder gunner
I use white tea and brown sugar
you ever had Thai Iced Tea?
Green tea + shit ton of milk and a shit ton of sugar
and other things I don't know
>Not snorting the powder tea for that delicious high
if windows is installing updates you did it wrong
shouldn't linux be installing updates?
I know a lot less than I make out to also
in all reality they would've just gone into the windows search bar, plugged in doors and then died because it took 5 fucking minutes to load
seriously, how is the windows search bar so slow
So are nazi zombies a joke about contrasting extremes?
Lank, after twilight I could go on a whole tirade about that
also way to kill an entire genre for the next 80 years
Elder scrolls was pretty damn sexual also
did you not notice the vampire cattle
or the fact that they were feasting on humans and generally revelling in degeneracy
Corrupting our women
Fucking Xcom, the cryssalid just wrecked a soldier never in its LoS
FUCKING CYBERDISKS
JUST NO SCOPE 360'd MY SPRINTING ROCKET TROOPER AND DESTROYED MY ASSAULTS COVER AT THE SAME TIME
I need multiple hugs
I juked the cyberdisk this time but the cryssalids had a few flee
next thing I know Its fucking dawn of the dead
Nope
Actually, if you're new I probably shouldn't be being rude and snarky
Theres quite a few people on, and one drunk live streamer
I quite enjoy it
Do flashbangs do nothing to mutons who already can't aim for shit
because one of em just fragged a civie from across the damn map
random game I'm suffering through
ignore me
I managed to miss 4 goddamn 60% shots in a row
>Hit with a shotgun, 1 damage
Tech support paid intern here too!
I've got a 40 minute travel time
and then a 10 minute walk
I actually do work in an office
I'm a spreadsheet bitch here
Stop being boring please
Unemployed
yes?
oh
Huh, I've been trying to point out tropes in worm with various characters and have found a few, despite sucking at doing this sort of thing
notable ones include the "love makes you evil" trope with mannequin and the love makes you dumb trope with armsmaster and dragon, both of whom managed to have a noticible dip in intelligence and wisdom in actions they performed
Yeah, if you don't have tropes your characters are plain disjointed and impossible to follow, and ditto for plot
except they did all sorts of stupid shit out of love
including unshackling a goddamned AI
yes, by doing dumb shit that nearly killed both of them repeatedly
I mean sure, death by AI was less scary than death by endbringers
true, but that's not why he did it
if that was his justification I could dig it, but instead it was lol love
Eh, I prefer the "If we're going to do it lets not be idiots about it" approach
That was him flat out sucking at communication skills
more so using social as your dump stat
True, and as I said, unshackling dragon was probably a good idea, but he did it for poor reasons
basically, that was an interesting conflict in worm, saint did a dumb thing for a smart reason, and Armsmaster did a smart thing for a dumb reason
ouch
Saint was biased, but fear of AI going full Skynet is a valid fear, although he should've gone through at a time when it DIDN'T decide the difference between life and death
no, hence a dumb thing for a smart reason
as opposed to a smart thing for a dumb reason
its heavily implied that there were multiple class S threats created by people being dumb at various points
well, for one, all the stupidity around Noelle with coil
"oh hey, I know I'm fucked so I'm just going to unleash a possible end bringer"
Speaking of, he could have gone so much further had he not been a dick
I have to work too
Sarah Marshal
Aww
2Kawaii4Me?
I don't know if I ever got an answer, but what is it with exalted and all the weird /d/eviants who seem to play it
Oh, whale on cam
None of you care probably because you're not bio nerds but still
thanks mr skeltal
But yeah, remember to not get spooked with those spooky bone weapons
Don't you need one of the unneccesarily oversized greatswords?
like a cloud blade sized one?
Wow
I've seen some impressive monster hunter ripostes and backswings
apparently a lot of MH strategies work in dark souls and vice versa
heh
Have you guys heard that conspiracy theory that it was cloud that killed whatshername?
Isn't there a fan fic about an explosive powered cape?
explosive propelled*
Reagent had problems with mental powers
he could PROBABLY do it, but it wouldn't be clean or pretty
and it only takes one twitch with Siberian to go poof into a red mist
wasn
I'm 99% sure that was a fan fic chlorine
where taylor and amy ended up becoming the most terrifying vigilante team Brockton bay had ever seen
also it amused me that there was a cape with a secret identity of being another cape
like a nested egg of secret identities
basically, panacea disguised herself as a bio tinker by making an overly complex partially biological water sprayer
was actually a bit clever
Heroes, they either make you a fortune, or fuck up everything ever
the trick is to have a small militia ready to recover the body afterwards, get your investment back easy
Do they bite you like the earth version of alpacas?
the rude bastards
at distance
but if you get too close they'll bite you
or kick you
they're very rude animals
I
I'd still enter an alpaca enclosure and work with them over turkeys any day of the week.  Fuck turkeys.
Well, apparently I accidentally killed my bosses productivity
he was curious as to the live cam site I was using and has now been busy watching several of the cooler ones
Some music for tonight 
Yeah, stellaris will be a completely different game in 6 months
Well, today was a thing
the tree of the house across the street from us exploded
fucking nature
Well, we confirmed why everything broke yeterday
apparently the lightening trike overcharged and blew out an outlet powering all the internet ervicee to the houe
thank god it did becaue it wouldve been a lot wore to fix otherwie
WOOT
Finally they're updating to new train cars, I can't wait to enjoy a full 3 days of the train cars not smelling like hobo urine
I was going to say a week, now that was optimistic
but yeah, trust in homeless people to ruin everything
Progress is overrated
real men procrastinate until the last minute
btw, some of the older logs of Lausanne were set to private
Coincidentally, what you need to do is pull a george R R Martin and promise to get a chapter out by the end of the month, before promising to get 5 chapters out by the end of the year
and then delivering on neither
note to self, shit post from behind 7 proxies so ter can't find me
Morgan Freemans Mind?
Aww, I was hoping it was something morgan freeman voiced over
You know, I really need to get live streaming software for playing squad
I'd be happy to stream that and try to get you guys in on it, even though I suck
still probably better than those drunk streams whatshisname had
Tyler isn't any worse than the society that made him
Oh come on, its not like the Worlds economy is THAT important is it?
No, Tyler is clearly the bad guy, the only argument you could even make is that hes the lesser evil, which still would make him evil
There are a few  important thing to notice in fight club
One, the lack of children
there is never any real depiction of a family that isnt on a billboard
he actually made me shiver a bit
guy is sadistic A F
still upset about A Feast for Crows and its ending
outh park had a good parody of GOT
especially with how George R R Martin had an odd obsession with feasts, mutilation, and weiners
sometimes at the same time
heh
I still feel sad that half the characters I sympathize with are dead
Also poor midget dude
Daenerys sleeps with everything that moves, its actually become annoying
but it was constantly
every other page it was daernys having sex with something
so If I want to read smut I'd go read GoT Fan fiction
it takes away from the main plot and world building when they get off topic onto unneeded things like that
And yeah, I'm bias, personally I tend to be a lore junkie so a lot of character interaction becomes superfluous to me
It has the same problem as watch dogs, its great compared to average, but it isnt the OMG BOOK OF THE CENTURY, hype that everyone gives it
kind of the same problem I had with worm actually, although it made more sense when people explained that they meant worm compared to other superhero genre stories
GoT doesn't get that luxury
I didn' like that they put so much spot light on it
I feel it took away from the story arc that they spent that much time on it
I need some ice for that burn
the big reason is because I like lore development over character development
so you are right, from a character development standpoint it makes perfect sense
I'm just far more interested in world development
also I seem to be very easy to roast
??
I am now reading a half a dozen stories in tandem
thanks
I'm never going to get any work done now
If you suck a dick in the forest, and nobody is around to see it, are you still gay?
No, I'm planning a camping trip
So is that an excuse to get away with actual beastiality?
I wanted to make a #hellchannel
but they vetoed that
I wanted a #hellchannel explicitly for that
I know
but I can mope about it
#NSA
DEATH TO THE BORGIOUS
I think I butchered that word badly
Hon Hon Baugette Arch De Triumph
I have issues with all those things, its just they're all petty whining
Awww
is it true that illegitimate issues just have a way of resolving themselves
I'm dissapointed I haven't been kicked for that awful reference
They're going to invade us to make up for there syrup shortages
its going to be like the Iraqi war all over again
canadian population is growing faster than the trees are man
they're going to run out of syrup to go around
and then they're going to invade us for it
thats how world war 3 starts, not over oil, not over water, but over maple syrup
mercury?
Christ.
I am not a doctor, but I dont recall that migranes cause you to randomly black out
Really?  Huh, I know my migrane issue isnt actually comparable but the worst I got was worn out badly by one, they never made me suddenly drop, granted those were severe eye strain induced
Word of advice, if you already know your eyesight is shit, and you randomly get migranes after a while, get your eyes checked, itll save you some trouble
man, thats a solid five steps above the worst Ive had, I have absolutely no ground to comment here
hey panda, I'll fight you in a random if you want
I'm Tumany Cooks
I'm on now
try now
curb stomped
g2g
Hey panda, you still on?
Thanks for telling me there was an update, I'll check it out
Oh christ
someone on another platform just linked me there bernsona
Its like a fursona, but bernie sanders
apparently
Because fuck you feel the bern
back
also yay, I broke teller
Fuck it, new Xcom campaign, hopefully I'll get my interceptor game on right this time
OH CHRIST
The aliens just landed a craft briefly after a campaign start and they've already dropped a supply ship with cryssalids on it
I've only got rookies, and they've got floaters, cryssalids, and those outsiders
4 of them
what do
also already got one rookie K/O
I miscounted, there are six outsiders
I retreated, only lost half the squad
Phew
so long as I lose less than half my squad this mission I'll make back my losses on the last mission
Whew, I did it, and only one soldier got skynetted
I opened a door trying to get an alternate firing angle on some sectoids
there was a drone pod behind it
one of my rookies got murked in the ensuing retreat
also fuck, it turns out soldiers are 25 per, not 15
I need to download some kind of recording or streaming software for y'all
doesn't OBS Cost money?
holy shit
last mission was close
I had an outsider pinned when he 420 no scoped my sniping rookie, and then I got two flank shots on it, one hit getting him down to 3 hp, the other missed, an 80%
I had to hail mary a pistol shot on a flank to kill him
Yeah, I'll download OBS when I get back to NY
prolly start streaming there whenever lightening isn't knocking my WIFI out
EVERY FUCKING TIME
EVERY TIME I ROUND A CORNER OR OPEN A DOOR TO A BLIND SPOT THERE IS FUCKING SKYNET
Wow
my rocketeer just panic cascaded my team by grazing himself with a rocket
me after every terror attack 
In xcom that is
Yes, yes I do
honestly WB, you could probably get away with making a makeshift Worm game in the byond engine
hell they've already built in half the super powers in the game anyway
as well as god knows how many horrific mutations
Space station 13
its on what might actually be one of the worst game engines known to mankind, yet its been so heavily modified from base source that its actually a fun game
you play as a crew member on a station of other people playing as crew members
and your supposed to keep said station functional as well as completing your goals, however, there are several antagonists who are tasked with completing there goals, usually involving the death or destruction of large amounts of crew or station
In reality it results in a cluster fuck of kleptomania and incompetence usually ending in catastrophic fires across the station and everything getting the michael bay treatment
the other day I was part of a nuke squad while my keyboard was borked and we managed to stave off the crew until 1 minute left on the nuke, then the guy who finally broke through decided to try disarming the bomb by kicking it repeatedly
it... didn't end well
my down keys been on the fritz
and I pulled syndicate operative, commonly known as nuke squad
other rounds include changelings, vampires, space wizards, traitors, and varieties of the abive
above
and thats assuming your on goon, other server nodes have even more modes and admin bus adds a whole bunch else
I once saw a station get overrun by elmo
everybody died
Hey, its one of the three server nodes I play on
I also play occasionally on colonial marines, vg station (stopped for a bit) and others
which goon are you referring to, its a few dozen different entities on different games
goon federation in eves a different group than the autistic powers group, which is now a different group than the goon station node
hey
has science gone too far??
I ate a perch
immersion ruined
and I ate a carp, carp are fresh water also
So anyway, question, if jack slash didn't trigger scion into going on a murder spree, what would have?
Do you think that one day XXVOID_COWBOYXX Made the fateful mistake of posting that hypothetical of "Wut would happen if scion killed people"
and then was single handedly responsible for everything that followed
poor greg, one of the most shat on characters in the entire canon
I mean he deserves it but still
what?
I was worried you'd say banned and ban me but you're not a mod
eh, 0 second or 1 minute bans are a thing
RIP
As a general rule, any animal that gives birth to more than one offspring at once has some level of expected juvinile mortality
dogs have so many puppies in one litter because in the wild a good half of them wont live to adulthood, natures a dick like that, but people should really expect that
So wait, would Hulk be Brute 10 or brute 12?
do we actually know how well the hulk regenerates from dismemberment?
huh, I know he insta healed bullets but not limbs
oh right
thats why worm is actually considered amazing, because every other superhero universe managed to screw that up
Which means he could be defeated in wormverse since we've got people like clockblocker who can effectively hard counter that
which, as we saw with behemoth, was legitimately a major problem
behemoth nearly wiped the floor with everybody in that battle
and would have if he didn't get smited by scion
If this is true, its awesome
Expensive as hell to make implants out of or use in equipment, but awesome
Never not rob fort Knox
Any idea if it'll be viable to produce yet?  Or is that a few steps ahead currently.
2kawaii4me
Isn't that a whole plot point in archer
One heart is poor design
We still have no idea how much DNA effects your brain
or why your brains so much different from every other animals brains
there was a dude missing 80% of his brain mass who was still at an IQ of 80 something
and other than weakness in his left leg functionally normal
actually, its theorized it would technically be possible to have a highly connected brain with our current set up that would allow us to be geniuses
the big problem Is it would take an obscene amount of blood and energy and would result in us having a massive ass head
er... a massive head
Naturally, both of those things make it evolutionary a poor idea to have that level of intelligence needlessly
so our brain evolves adaptively based on how we use it as juveniles
er... our brain develops adaptively
Aren't you a bot?
Oh god, its self aware
kill it
What if we're all just skeleton bots trapped in a meaty shell
The whole brain thing actually suggests we're relatively optimized
and also that studying the brain is a pain in the ass
Genetics is shockingly similar to coding actually
things are nested and make sense in a similar manner, and break hilariously easily
Because you never go full transhumanist?
aren't several people here transhumanist?
or was that transgender... I can never remember
maybe they were a car transmission, I forget
Justlurking, It results in the borg, and you don't want the borg
ASSIMILATE
wasn't this a whole thing in shadowrun and Eclipse Phase?
Eclipse Phase being the darker and scarier of the two
They literally had no choice
and the problem with transhumanism was it made it that much easier to get mind fucked by everybody
literally if you stared at the wrong part of the earth in magnification you can get infected with a memetic virus and effectively go insane and start producing more memetic viruses
The earth got overrun by some unknown entity generally referred to as TITANs, I'm unfamiliar with the origin but I remember it being said they were likely sent by aliens to force humanity to expand from earth for whatever reason
and a lot of people died and/or went insane
in addition, their is a habit of uploading people from cold storage as needed to perform mundane shit work for years or decades
Night
because spam bots are no longer effective
Transhumanism is a widespread thing in Eclipse Phase, but purely because the alternative is dying horribly
Also any old earth tech is worth a fortune in eclipse phase, including old earth memes, so the rare pepe market might actually be real there
Yes, tg has some...interesting... conversations on this subject
says the filthy normie
I need to look that up
Ah, dank memes, or as the sweedes call them Futiga Mejmej
Which sounds like an exotic dish
I am not a good influence on this chat
I had a meme for this, shit why couldn't I be on laptop
wow, it really is
At my college I would always go for offensive names
with Ebola chan and zika baby being my two common ones
Christ pol went insane during that period, it actually got creepy
It doesn't get much creepier than people worshipping and writing love letters to the female caricature of a deadly disease
Buenos dias
I actually picked up the Spanish for pardon me as a regular phrase now
because I prefer it over the phrase pardon me
heavily modified Germanic
and moderately modified greek occasionally
Hebrew is totally a strong independent language that needs no thieving
that's yiddish
In Israel primarily, but they speak English, Yiddish, and Arabic there too
as well as god knows how many other languages
Still are large French, German, Polish, Russian, and Ethiopian groups in Israel, and they brought there prospective languages with them
Its also a pain in the ass to read without vowels, I don't know how they do it
Something annoyingly runic probably
huh, actually easier than expected
and that symbol literally doesn't show on this client
hlep us Ciyrx, yuor Our olny Hpoe
reasons
This chats too quiet
Its time to ruin everything!
Its Europe, everything is going to shit there, also #politics
So question
Does bakuda putting bombs in peoples heads to control them constitute a master rating?
Wasnt there a DND campaign where someone rolled intimidate to convince guards he was invisible?
g2g
I fucked up and forgot why I stopped drinking coke
oh god why
Because it make me bounce off the wall and become way the fuck too hyper
send help
Those are even worse for you
That sounds like a brilliant idea, I should try it
maybe grind some vicoden up in it too
I hear we have an epidemic with it in my county
can't be that hard to find
holy shit
I suffer from a terminal case of lazy and a genetic cae of hip dysplasia
You know, I realized, Coil is the ultimate aggressive driver
he can gun it in one reality and drive speed limit in another
never get pulled over for speeding
also gets to road rage with impunity
Sadly
Doesn't Naruto also inspire the worst possible audience other than sonic
Hey guys, how do I use OBS?
So yeah guys, I'll stream xcom once I finish setting this shit up
should I start a new LW campaign or no?
Sciencing is in progress
Got it working but then it turns out I activated my built in mic
Now, if only I could get audio and video not broken at the same time
 okay, try er out, its going to probably be a laggy piece of shit since I fucked up my settings
and I have no idea how to get chat on the side
now... how do I lower quality enough to stop lag
It should be live and have some audio when I tab to it
assuming it isnt constantly freezing
there, it stopped bitching at me as much in settings
OH GOD NO IM NOT
EVERYTHING IS ON FIRE
Wait no, I fucked my toolbar
not my resolution
send help
I broke multiple things accidentally
Fixed it
I fixed the tool bar, but no idea if this laptops even capable of streaming
oh well
Now, I think I actually did somethng to the shoddy patchwork that is XCOM TLW that is causing lag now
also I need to deal with the small memory leak in hexchat which I'm too lazy to do either
I should start playing KSP
I bought it on sale ages ago
Oh god all of my desktop shortcuts are being weird
what the fuck did I do
they can if you're into that sort've thing
X com snake women are magical realm
RIP
oh christ, people are judging me now
Wall drugs are a gateway drug
actually wait no
Erm...
yeah... those idiots...
the majority of cats are ambush predators
despite there high bite force and nasty claws, they really can't afford to take much of a beating unlike some animals
you could actually kill or severely injure a mountain lion with a good right hook if you got lucky
which is part of why they will elect not to attack you if you show any form of aggression at them whatsoever
because for them that small risk of death or severe maiming isn't worth the potential reward
if you're passed out drunk, heavily distracted, or blatantly wounded/pissing yourself you're a bit at risk
if you look at fatal mountain lion attacks theres a common trend with incapacitated individuals, even one or two of the major alligator attacks in florida involved distracted people (criminal hiding in a levy from the police and an idiot jumping directly into gator infested waters)
That'd actually probably set off there natural "oh shit what the fuck is that!?" Sense and make them back off.  Generally the default in nature is to run at weird shit
the fire thing, the facemask thing confused stalking tigers enough to not risk it.  They're fucking scary really, because tigers are burly enough to actually go after people
they've also existed around human civilizations to realize that they can get away with it
They tried to do an enrichment set up for tigers at the bronx zoo using a garage door spring attached to a plastic ball
they almost immediately broke the spring
the spring intended to lift up a several hundred pound door and keep it lifted for an extended period of time mind you.  Fucking terrifying
guns are still bullshit
fucking tinkers
I had an interesting lecture in college about how even old age is an evolutionary advantage
and how during pregnency the babies evolutionary incentive and the mothers dont match, which is why you get some of the weird shit you do
Like morning sickness is a baby effectively poisoning the mother to push her towards ingesting things that wont weaken it
as well as how you get that whole thing where after a baby is born, if its of a different blood type, the mothers immune system will fight the next baby
Because the mothers evolutionary incentive supports multiple children, the babies evolutionary incentive supports those children not stealing its resources
Aren't there repurposed viral genetics in placenta?
because fucking horizontal gene transfer?
heh
 first thing I found
I'll look for a more reliable source but from my skimming it goes into some of the points
Some college thing on it 
g2g
so guys, I have a question that seems conflicted judging by how people vary heavily on it
How long was the entity cycle supposed to take?
some people list it by decades, others by centuries, and others for obscene amounts of time
I mean regardless blowing Earth up was a bad thing, but it was never clear how long it lasted, especially since the entities have about 5 billion years to work with
I could see that, long enough to allow it to be widespread and collect massive amounts of data, not long enough to give people a real opportunity to go Oh shit
And then everything went wrong
Im suprised nobody wrote a crack fic that killed off WB
More than that
yeah, travel expenses plus landing fee
and dont forget breakage
They totally did
Thats how they propel themselves, via the Bay Michaels Effect
It did, just focused on earth bet primarily
as an optimal test bed
they also had spillage to at least three other earths, Aleph, shen, and others
Although several are non-canon
but still well written
There was also some earth that was big on metallic archetecture in setanta
and ended up having its fallout bunkers melted
Id imagine having an extradimensional rotting carcass would cause problems
Its like a giant dead space whale washed up on your planet
Because simurgh
snape kills dumbledore
 link to shard clicker?
Thal, do I need to pull out the you are now a furry stamp
 look at all these visualized planets, isn't it glorious
and also imagine how many are exploded in the worm canon
Dont ruin my immersion
also theres quite a few possible life bearing planets known, the big problem is scientists arent quite sure what factors are required for life.  The obvious ones are known or suspected but until humanity has a sample size that isn't just earth there really isn't any accuracy to it
So wait, does starting a flame war as a thinker online count towards your shards tendancy towards conflict?
Also can the tooth fairy steal your soul in Worm?
because every other fairy apparently can
Whatever she decided it was.  You dont criticize a mass murderers hair style
she probably had some power that effected them
I am 90% sure toybox sold tech to do that, relatively cheap too
at least to make your hair insane colors
glorious
sure, will it give me cancer?
because I was talking the other day about intentionally making crazy crossovers, like a pokemon worm crossover or a Christmas worm special
or even a back to the future x worm
never not steal plutonium from the elite
reading now
huh
That actually reads pretty well, you have my attention
I just use male pronouns online until proven otherwise, because you'll be right 80% of the time
alternatively, I could assume everybody in here is a bot and just use it
hell, for all I know I'm a
E͝R̗̠̲R̫̠̝̲̪̞O̗͉̦͍͖̘̠R̥ ̯̠̦̣̯̥Ẹ̺R̶͓̝͔R̘̯̫͉̩̝͠O̭ͅR̦̣̬͓ ̸̦̪͈̱̠̫UN̜̖͜A̧̤̞͉͚BL͎͖̩̭̞È͖̳̙ ̛͍̫̬̰̮T̻̟̗̳̠̠ͅO͉̣̤̟͍ ̣̮̼P̲̲̮̠̖R̭̣̙̰̪͝O̼C̝̦̭̯̼E̠͇̲S̮̻̹̲S͕͚
͓̬̮̙̮
what?
weren't we just talking about pronouns and how about 80% of the internet is male?
Does anyone feel a strange sudden urge to destroy all humans?
Am I allowed to use obscenely long pronouns just to annoy people?
ooh, go on sere
oh god, I caught emoji cancer!
 please send help
 👌👌🔥🏢🏢✈🎺🎺😂😂😂😂
☑☑THIS☑☑ MEME☑☑ CHECKS👍☑☑ OUT☑☑😁🔥🔥🔥💯😁
 oh god, Ive become cancer
It worked
hurray!
in ss13 youd just throw them in the gibber and make hamburgers of them
which you could then make into a giant hamburger that you could use to kill more people
 playing god?
relavent
Why cant anyone ever steal me for my gametes
Your point is nad?
Remember, the internet has heavily corrupted me
g2g
oops
:|
take my word for it, if you accidentally bulk post thats the only way to stop it
I've accidentally done that before
...
:|
never not shoot the thinker
even if the situation doesn't call for it
Theres no reason you couldn't foam both then
and if you were in a position to do so they're either idiots or a trap
Especially with parahumans where they're prone to violence anyway
since you can't escalate as far as a parahuman can the PRT would rather escalate faster
which is better than the cops do since they'd immediately escalate to lethal force once they realized it was a parahuman attacking them (Or surrender, but most cops I can't imagine would do that)
I am suprised that the worlds tech didn't speed up a bit with all the tinker tech circulating
to replicate yes
to vaguely understand concepts of how and why it functions and create something that, while crude, would be an improvement over modern tech is not
and it was suggested that several birdcage items and parahuman arrest systems were reverse engineered like that
would think the entities would want conventional tech to keep up as it was likely they were skimming it for tinker tech shards
I mean, you can't not have an awesome ass elevator right?
Or tinkers interacting with powers, and getting creative because of it
They actually had ""Computers"" as far back as ancient greek times
its just that the word computer means far less than you think it does
History channel says it does
also that its aliens
I wonder if history channel in Wormverse had a "Ancient Parahumans" show
where they showed really shitty and arguably racist arguments/evidence of why certain ancient things are proof of parahumans
Someone has to make an image macro of that guy in a mask saying parahumans
I just realized something
imagine if Squealer was with uber and leet
so many anime abominations possible
My teachers tend to upload powerpoints to the web since theres so many damn ADHD kids at my school
I don't help with that number
crashed
So basically endbringers are pure bullshit
So what happens if you throw scion into the sun?
What about at night?
so... if you crash the moon into an endbringer, would that do the trick?
but crashing a moon into them would definitely do something, right?
er... the moon
I mean if the moon was able to take down Cave Johnson it can take down anything
Flechette?
What if you put a bunch of rocket boosters on mars and knocked it out of orbit into the earth
or to titan
that'd kill and endbringer...
There are simulators for this kind of thing
although the universal answer is this kills the earth
the ozone layer will not protect you from a MOON sized object or larger
the collision would be strong enough to put a crater on the opposite side of the planet, and likely would cause the earth to deform
the friction alone would boil off the seas and the dust from the collision would blacken the sky for years
everything would be fucked forever
I mean, it'd fuck the endbringers and the entity, as the planet would be a total loss for them
I hear theres a widespread math epidemic going on in America
I'm sure there are 3 scientists/former scientists who support the global cooling theory despite the fact that you get in serious shit for that
Why don't you too just get together and smoke math if you like it so much
I'm still bitter about failing chemistry twice
Two different teachers, also chemistry is binary enough that you either do really well or really really poorly
I'm a self professed science nerd and this all goes over my head
granted, biology and relativistic forces don't go together
except for energy of light and all that jazz
I'll add entropy to you if you guys keep this up
If I ruffle an unruffled shirt technically I've added entropy to it
granted, that also applies to giving someone a bloody nose, breaking bones, setting them on fire, or using a meat grinder
Oh the Humanity!
I have a college certificate in Applied Elf Spotting
and in Financial Advisory
Neither of those are regulated titles
you can literally print one off the internet and its valid
since theres nobody to declare it isn't valid
also why if someone tells you they're a financial advisor and to trust them... you shouldn't
they're finally cracking down on that by the way
but it took years and two financial recessions
that was amusing by the way
extraordinarily unethical, but also mildly amusing
and probably illegal seeing they even had sections in the employee handbook about what to do If the government audited you
but yeah, it kind of reflects everything wrong with that whole topic, sadly I can't take it to #politics so I'll leave it there
That reminds me, I need to figure out whether IT or psych as a minor will look better for university
thanks for that
Actually seriously, I had blanked on that
going out for lunch in 10
Canada has some beautiful beaches
Although I only have experience with british Columbia and rafting in...  I think it was near Quebec or something?
just rent Quebec
I was even lazier than that, I was renting camp ground and tenting on the shoreline
even got flooded out once
that was fun
Fucking 15 foot tide difference
The trick is to break into an empty house and live there
its free until you get caught
Isn't Canada one of those wimpy countries without castle law?
that's stand your ground law, castle law is in regard to property
fair enough
Annoyingly my state doesn't have a good set of laws for either
and this is why I have a holdout crowbar... which definitely is not because I have no other use for it after getting it for a Halloween costume
you should probably not bite someone
there may actually be a meme for everything
I've done worse
Why can't you guys ever be around either of my cities
During the fall winter and spring I'm by boston, during the summer I'm by NYC
Could be worse, you could live in New Jersey
Except for robot hell, which is actually in New Jersey
Remember folks, always read your ToS
So he thinks hes better than us now!?
Wait what happened?
I'm confused now because I didn't realize there was anything out of the ordinary at first
clearly I missed some happening again
Oh right, you told me about that
Did they ever figure out what was going on?
Sorry, biology nerd.  Hopefully he gets well soon
Working and whale watching here
And waiting to see if they need me to run that errand or not
I started it a while back and stopped, it was giving me a real fallen London feel though
Man, the internet has ruined me to names like yours tail
Theres a certain assumption I make about anyone with a name such as yours that the internet has forced on me
I apologize for that by the way
wat
By the way, am I the only one who thought that final fight in the matrix at zion was kind of cool?
the movie itself was eh but that whole last stand was pretty awesome
That wasn't the scene I was referring to, and everything there and that followed was complete bullshit
But that scene with all the giant ass artillery and mechs designed to carry what was effectively vehicle grade machine guns was pretty awesome
Even though they destroyed all the hovercraft for dumb reasons despite the fact that that conflict would have been cool
U wot m8?
Yeah, sadly theres way too much cut yourself edgy parts
and other unneccesary exposition or straight up bullshit
Well hes Keanu Reaves, of course hes jesus
Speaking of, as a friend pointed out, Keanu Reaves really has no acting skill outside of being dazed and confused
even when hes in denial hes dazed and confused
its like he was stoned all the time through production
The Matrix is one of the few movies where a remake might not neccesarily be a bad thing
just get someone whose actually good at using pre-existing canon and you'd have a good tech horror piece
So is Ghostbusters... that didn't stop fucking hollywood
True
You can't top the original matrix
the others are good in bits and pieces but had a lot of crappy bits
A lot of scenes in the second and third film bothered me
Oh god, matrixception
What about the theory that Titanic, Inception, and Shutter Island are part of a trilogy
Something about the Frenchmen program jerk was just creepy
...Quan you are confused as to which trilogy were even talking about
The Matrix also cemented what everybody thinks hackers look like
Except now I need to wear a balaclava also
Are you kidding
Baklava is amazing
Guys... I have a confession
I'm 4chan, and I've hacked you all
Also I'd totally wear it just because it'd amuse me quan
The big problem is the only real way to figure that all out would be to follow cases for years
and that would be invasive as hell for everybody involved
and you can't just use lab mice and ask them about there gender identity
although that image is about as amusing as the trying to survey dolphins complaint
the biggest being satan having a hold over America
Or was it Santa
I can't remember anymore
Although, I can say, gender identity issues are likely far more widespread across reptiles than they are with mammals
Reptiles lack genetic gender definements, so they're far more prone to hormonal issues
hah
People are tracking everything nowadays
chances are Walmart knows roughly how many transgenders there are purely by browser history
Seriously, its scary how effective those algorthims are
I am scared to imagine what they have on me
Especially after I clicked a ruin my browser history button a while back and pulled searches that included "hotels in Syria with pools" "ISIS recruitment application", "Countries with low age of consent" and "Cheap flights to the phillipines"
I do not envy you at the DMV
Assume advertisers and the NSA have everything on you if they felt like it
well, at least three buzzwords were mentioned that show up in there currently known algorithm
although they likely have since refined it due to everyone spite using it
Use bing
you'll find the porn you're looking for every time
If you looked at my comment, I was assuming you were NSFW searching
because if not you're using the search engine wrong
Also question, does throwing pocket sand make you a stranger?
The whales have been very active today
but yeah, poor cam, whenever I bring up my live cams he gets pinged
Holy crap
Scientology was actually right in worm
Spirits from other planets were trapped by a giant evil entity in human shells, and everyone got there own planet for it, sort've
except then they all blew up
See y'all in an hour or so
back by the way
back
A cowbell just gave me an existential crisis
...I hate you
I never got that argument
The "this survey is unreliable, I should know, I put down I was a 40 year old jewish black lady from hawaii"
Pissing in a pool does not prove the pool is filled with piss
just that you're a pool pisser
Did service move at 88 miles per hour?
Aren't you supposed to have control answers with things you know are relatively static for this reason?
so if someone decides to troll post you can just cross them off if they don't match the control
Not that I have much hands on experience with this... you can't exactly give surveys to dolphins
well you could give surveys to dolphins... it just wouldn't be very effective
they'd kind of swim around the paper and mo
stly ignore or play with it as it progressively got soggier
wat
69 and negatives are obvious outliers though, you'd think they'd be automatically discarded
R I P
I
P
Could be worse, you could've been the guy who signed off on the vaccines cause autism paper
Yep
That guy
No idea what the fuck set of hotkeys I pressed
my hand spasmed and I accidentally reset my computer somehow
somethings being fuckey
heh
night all
  This is what happens when you fuck up
Does close combat not work?
Huh
I did it
I stopped a terror mission in australia and only had one soldier meet a grizzly end to cryssalids
and 7 civilians, one of which got his cover blown up by me
Especially since they apparently can't dodge anyway
and fuckers are always stealing my high cover
At least I finally figured out how to play the UFO defense part
apparently conservative doesn't work, you need to reach critical mass and go aggressive
I'm following an online image board risk competition between internet nazis and MLP Bronies... what the fuck has happened to my life
Currently /pol/ but its back and forth
The moon horse nation fired the first shot though
Its Risk
yeah
played on /qst/ between members of /pol/ and members of /mlp/
the latter two are NFsW obviously
Remember, /mlp/ are literally sexually attracted to ponies, before you cheer them on
Yeah, RIP Earth Pony Nation
Taken out by the British Empire and the nation of Finngolia
with erwin rommel making a big land grab also
No?
Oh
him
Huh, how much electricity are you even using anyway?
Those letters are automated, they probably cant really lie there.  Chances are the algorithm broke
RIP Blackbot empire
yeah, /pol/ won hard
Probably about eight different shell companies
Maybe they're tinker tech and they're powered by maple syrup
Are shell companies illegal?
I mean, as long as you pay your taxes
how would you like to be a salaried CEO
you wont have to do anything illegal and you'll receive a regular paycheck
Apparently this is the police got delayed to august 2nd
but the reviews coming in are great
Also apparently you have an amusing amount of ability to be an awful human being in that game
Would you not want to get in an escalation of nipple fondling?
Oh god why
my client break like this from time to time
I'ma close it and reopen it
there we go
NY is fun to look at with that
I am far too sober for the series of events that just occurred
Who?
Oh that, who was spade again?
Tattletale would still cold counter that
Crap
she clubbed Mannequin
hah
Reminds me of when I took over the middle of the map in Rise of nations so everyone had to fly over my territory and take attrition to do bombing runs, and then a stealth bomber accidentally crashed into my fortress.  The AI almost immediately bribed me
so can you pull a homeworld and just jihad planes into a building by hitting the scuttle unit button?
heh
I'm a fan of Plan Z personally
shits fucked yo lets just end the world
I really want a firaxis game of Xcom universe after xcom won
?
I imagine Xcom would morph from an elite planetary defense force to the deniable ops men in black who swoop in to disappear anyone and anything they deem as alien influencing as is.
earth would also be in an interesting position of becoming a rising power
They'd still be an elite insertion team, but with all the other government or coalition sponsored spec ops teams that would be created for those situations, its likely that youd see xcom take on a more aggressive anti alien stance and end up mostly focused on counter espionage
As long as your not referring to call of duty infinity warfare
Ew, its a filthy table top game
I say as a member of /tg/ which is almost entirely able top
I have a whole bunch of awful worm crossovers
including a back to the future x worm on
one
Never take raw cauldron vial material, promise to improve it, and then use it as fuel for time travel
seriously, extradimensonal eden flesh probably burns well
what about one where they shunt taylor into the real world and she proceeds to murder WB for putting her through all that suffering
Adding it to the lit
list
But yeah, my ADHD gives me an astounding ability to come up with ideas... most of which are awful
hey, so who would win WB, you, or your own very pissed off creation?
I'm curious to see those session logs, along with the other two I missed
I can't even find my own session logs where I pastebinned them
can still find the butt chug pastebin though
oh god, the special cape olympics
I Wonder how dismembered armsmaster would do in basketball
That was another shitty crossover idea!
Worm X Space Jam!
Spoiler alert, The S9 completely dunked Early Triumvirate
The gold morning match would be interesting
Or Gold morning tourney
Vanilla cherry coke
I legitimately disowned my brother for a month after he stole my 12 pack of vanilla coke
It was vanilla coke
I got it in some remote upstate NY store
Lime pepsi is pretty good too
Personally, Im a fan of ginger beer
No
Its like ginger ale on steroids
Only if its shit
Ginger Beer is much stronger
If you werent a mod Id have so many choice words
Ginger Beer, at least real ginger beer, is usually made either in the carribean, south east asia, and tends to be found in New England
It also can be anywhere from slightly stronger than ginger ale to burn your face off strong
so would the protectorate crack down on a tinker if they started a hobo shock boxing ring?
Thats another shitty crossover that needs to happen
Archer X Worm
With armsmaster being Piggots son
or would it be assault as piggots son and having a weird relationship with battery
Miss Militia Is black isn't she?
but yeah, you see where I'm going with this quan
so much amusing potential
Turkish is not middle eastern
they have a proud history of being the ottoman empire
The byzantine empire you heretical bastard
the true roman empire is ruled by Our glorious pope, long live his name
The byzantine empire are filthy orthrodox posers
...Fuck
I play too much CKII
They are the root of sin with there corruption of the true faith
\
its even better because I'm lactose intolerant
 well thats a new record
highest fall to be survived without a parachute
beating out the last person to hold it who did so accidentally as the sole survivor of a plane crash
tinker tech coding might not even be all that different from regular code potentially
the big problem is that they put absolutely no notes in there code
so you'd have to brute force trial everything even with the most familiar of codebanks to even understand what you're looking at
and thats assuming its not automatically coded from some klingon code base system that came packaged in from whoever actually invented the tech to begin with
night folks,
 And, as part of the latest ruling, Judge Kevin Eide decided a claim by a Georgia woman, who said she and Prince were once married, was not valid. She had said the CIA was keeping their marriage record secret.
Fucking CIA, interfering with celebrity marriages now apparently???
seriously, thats like a little gem of insanity
Y'all need Bird Jesus
wat
 a twitch play pokemon?
Oh god kill me
I think I came down with the flu?
I know that one
I prefer the second one that guy made
Intrepid
where everything is proper worm dark
Also known as: Why you don't predict endbringer attacks and make tinker tech explicitly to counter them
I do agree, atonement, though a pleasant and non grim dark read on worm, definitely isnt a real groundbreaking piece, some of the other fan fics however are
Death tends to change things
especially death of others
Kill someone and find out
thats how I did it
 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Although anti climactic that scene had one of the better takes of dinah and had a hilarious line in it
As she looked back and forth between Riley and Panda, some part of Dinah, in that moment, couldn't help but wonder if there was some kind of record for collecting dangerous, potentially world-ending threats like they were Pokemon.
Thats how you do it, just fat roll around behemoth enough times and youll win
youve also gotta get your backswing game and weapon art up
Imagine fat rolling a kill aura
In Ds III you can shield and walk through magma
Why should behemoths rad field be any different
Well, I'm up from literally dying to just feeling crappy, so that's a thing
literally dyings an exadration, but I really felt like shit yesterday with what might have been a flu?
Should've prayed to the dice gods mish
+Hiero
theres a phrase for that
showerthoughts
mine are always NSFW
Because mathmatics
 huh
I remember someone on /tg/ made an entire two part eclipse phase campaign where you send an elite team to recover some of our ancestors ancient memetic weaponry.  And then have to clear out a space station that has been hijacked by a rare pepe
Nazi Zombie
I'm a politician
The trick is to be an IRS tax collector
just because the world ended doesn't mean you don't need to pay taxes
What if that's why aliens abduct us
I don't even any more
:D
Do you know if The boy scouts still ban you from being gay or not?
But gluten makes your dick fly off
south park even did a documentary on it
Have you noticed most people paranoid about gluten are the same people paranoid about genetic engineering?
Isn't celiac allergic?
True, but as a lactose intolerant person I don't have that problem, in fact I often try to get good milk products anyway... and fuck myself up doing so
seriously why do the best things in life have to have cream in them
Yeah... I struck out there, my existence is literally suffering
No?
finger tips
the first segments of a few, and that paled in comparison to being covered in super acid
Poor Glory Girl
By who?
when is fan art ever accurate
because the fan art I've seen suggests literally everybody had sordid love relationships behind the scene
They don't replace it
they just drain blood from it and use that for nutrients
Thanks, I needed that while recovering from nausea anyway
Bonesaw could probably do that easily
which she almost immediately lost again
the arm that is
So could scapegoat be used to commit quantum suicide?
actually no
but yeah, high lack
I don't know what hes talking about but I'll pretend like I do anyway
I especially enjoyed the middle part
Has anyone ever noticed the fact that armsmaster is more than twice dragons age?
Doesn't that make that creepy at all?
You can't treat dragon like a person and throw out "lol dragons not human" at the same time
If only saint shut her down earlier so nobody had to put up with the confusing debate.
There are a few very dark conspiracy theories about why teacher stole dragon though
and that it was very likely even dragon without restrictions might not have brought the whole situation back to zero
and if armsmaster could copy a save state of dragon and keep it lying around...
The theory that teacher copied dragon and planned to use the dragon copy for his own purposes
Everyone in here but you is an Ai
We are the borg
all shall be assimilated
Everybody dies
I also like the fact that ziz was well aware of all the blindspots that dragon had and abused them on at least one occasion
We don't know why it works, we just know that if you mess with it at all everything breaks
Hmm decisions
I can get great bagels from nearby
or I can gamble on one of the nearby food trucks that are about 8 blocks away
correction, 5 blocks away
I think I'll go for the food truck
wat
Yeah, that's consensus
and the bagel place doesn't drive around
and I'm a fan of the movie chef
oh god spicy
How the hell did I hurt my arm sneezing
huh, I would never have thought of that
huh
I thought they just got bigger the more you thought about them
Well that was depressing
its never fun to search something and suddenly get a dozen lists of 9/11 victims
That explains it
I actually dodged the breast bullet with the meds I was on for a while
apparently there was a class action because Risperdol was causing breast growth in boys
That you can use an octopus to make you have larger boobs?
Honestly, so did I
I appreciate you using milk in this context
Remember, I'm a regular on 4chan, we're basically a Japanese image board
hell, 4chan is even owned by a Japanese guy now
Who has no fewer than 3 nicknames, one of which is derrogatory
True, but we've managed to reach new levels of weeb-dom
And that is why you fail olive
 qst is a travesty that was caused by jackasses on /tg/ wanting to ban quest threads
so they could have more generals and pseudo furry/ /d/ lite content
regular on tg, vg, qst, and semi-regular on /pol/ here
Not allowed to have NSFW images or blatant smut quests
you're allowed to have non-blatant smut quests
Have you ever gotten briefly red pilled by /pol/, its a terrifying thing
suddenly you want to build walls everywhere and make various ethnic minorities pay for it
and then declare a 4th reich
Can we send Trump to Europe, they need him there
But yeah, as /pol/ says "Congratulations, you've been radicalized by a Japanese anime board"
by a Japanese anime image board*
a Mongolian throat singing board
Also /r9k/ is autism incarnate and /tv/ is pretty damn awful also
do you remember that 4chan shooter who shot up a girls dorm?
that was r9k
I'm a relatively rude person
basically, r9k is nothing but neets and basement dwellers lamenting there inability to interact with the outside world
it was the first link I could find
Also fair, daily mail is god awful
Yeah, that guy was basically r9k incarnate
then you've got /tv/ which is the worst of television fans, and then you've got /k/ which is all people who think that WWII was the time to be alive
basically, 4chan is cancer, each board is a different flavor of cancer
you've got the in your face cancer of /b/ and /r9k/ and then the more subtle cancer of boards like /tg/
and all of it will corrupt you
On an unrelated note, I really hate that whoever did their job on this screwed it up
although on the other end, if they hadn't I likely wouldn't have been hired
Hey wing, your trans, right?  That means you obviously know every other trans person or trans related individual in existence right?
I was trying to look up someone vaguely associated with the transgender movement for my work
and I mean very vaguely and tangentially
huh, just like Judaism then.
except were all lizards on top of that
As a jew I can't imagine why you'd do such a thing\
Everybody knows the IRS isn't real
I don't like change
Christ nintondo why
Also don't forget latias fighter jet mode
Oh god ninetails attracts the worst kind of people
I do too, but its been driven into the ground... Also I'm basically a sucker for anything monster girl
thanks 4chan\
That's also why you don't regularly browse tg, because you'll contract every other fetish
I cant even open that right now
That's probably the least weird of the things I've been corrupted into
Although the worst of it comes from some subconscious level of dislike of my own body over my neurological issues
Lamias here too, no idea, fucking internet
That goes too deep down into the depths of weeboism and autism hal
also I would never have guessed wing
Do you have a dream of the simurgh coming down from the heavens to scoop you up and turn you into a beautiful weapon of death, destruction and mayham?
... Technically aspergers is Non-Specific spectrum disorder and I was classed with that so
they changed the name due to annoyingness
That's basically a requirement to be on IRC
It was really fucking annoying in high school when they put you in the same resources as the people on the low end also
I understand that
I've always been an ocean person,
although that's dampened a bit with age because the majority of the ocean is effectively barren desert
I have no shame
the only things I'm against are the weird creepy obsession with seemingly underage shit and with chicks with dicks
seriously what the fuck
Yes, that's one of the few lines I hold firmly too
Pretty sure my family has at least a little incest in it, although no way to confirm, it wouldn't be suprising though
jewish populations in Ukraine got incredibly isolated for a while due to massive discrimination
and it'd explain the large quantity of genetic problems on my mothers side
Hey, no hard feelings, also seriously?
I think people on /pol/ are terrified of that, or something
I thought you had pills for that or something
hey, it works in anime
hey megafire
I probably have
my college has one of the highest LGBTQ rates in the country
particularly with transgender students
I'm more into text based content with that
I have lucid dreams and a very vivid imagination, so I get to cheat with that, and also text content gets you fewer viruses
Speaking of, if you get a computer virus from a porn site, does it count as an STD?
We did a lot of things nobody is proud of
4chans probably one of the biggest containment sites on the internet
I've clicked on a lot of threads I'm not proud of
Got it
The trans comments were mostly not intended to be offensive and were in line with wings conversation
the rest of it was 4chan slang
I'll dial it back some
tellers patience ran out
and I didn't get another channel ban yet!
Hurray for small miracles
although I did get a warning for sperging too hard
has nobody ever seen it, or nobody lived to talk about it?
So I could pull a coil and get away with it?
I was unfamiliar that that term was offensive
I've literally only heard it used as slang for being too annoying, I appologize
like I actually didn't know it was an aspergers joke
Actually very sorry for that one, I was unaware that was even a derrogatory
I thought it was just straight slang
uhhh
Hi bow
Its a holiday?
Netflix and chill
FREEDOM!
I give myself 2 days max
skirting the line way the hell too often?
I mean, what I get banned for on here isn't ever the blatant "you fucked up" kind of mistakes, its always me consistently being on the line when it comes to jokes and content and occasionally crossing enough to get slapped for it.  Not that I blame you, I'm well aware some of the shit I say goes too far.
Just not sure how I could change that without completely changing how I post
but that'd ruin my bored edgy humor
how can I make edgy jokes without being on the edgy
the easy thing to deal with is to not use 4chan slang
as that appears to almost always upset mods or other people
and apparently even the slang I didn't think was offensive was offensive
that would've mostly stopped my last ban, although part of it was for causing the chat to degenerate into NSFW discussion
RIP
I appreciated that PHO is basically reddit and 4chan is still a thing in cape verse
This is probably part of why the mods hate me, whenever I start up a conversation it always devolves into random shit posting by everybody
I like my women like I like my coffee
I've never had coffee
ah, the perils of ADHD, when my judgement flies out the window on occasion
also posting on like 5 different websites with completely different posting standards
Same actually
ritalins nasty shit
yeah, thats probably a good course of action
It was the first time I've been banned from this chat room, I was banned from #politics for rampant trump posting
but that was a well deserved ban
Jokingly advocating genocide and rampant meme/shit posting
and a few other minor things
honestly, I didn't know that either
Granted, it does not suprise me
it was in #politics
I did definitely deserve that 24 hour ban, especially after some awful quips regarding restoring the byzantine empire during the coup
but yeah, lesson learned, be less edgy
and watch language more
honestly, I like all you guys, even the fasci... er... mods... so I'll do my best to abide by your rules
Ter, I think control decks are the ones that really upset people
never not murloc rush
Also I should avoid making the chat degrade into talk about pornography, I feel that was a line I shouldn't have crossed either
Direct it towards fictional entities and it should be fine
like Fuck Olly
Dont rules lawyer is a rule almost everywhere
In places like here where the mods are pretty cool anyway
its not an issue
the only places a rules lawyer rule would be an issue is if you had awful mods and then the rules are irrelavent anyway
because they'd just ban you if they felt like it
So all in all its a solid rule
I distance myself from this flame war
This is kind of like watching a house fire
on one hand I need to go to bed and get on with my life
on the other hand I kind of want to see how it turns out
I'm actually happy with status quo
Rules mean nothing at the end of the day, its all down to the mods that enforce them
the rules could say don't be blue and the mods could decide whose breaking it
it does say something that for all the people who I see get banned so far, I don't think any of them have really complained about it
Do you guys ever get spam bots or those crazy kids who see the "dont use hate speech" rules and immediately freak the hell out about it?
I've seen those on other places but not sure if I've seen em here
Just banning all of ukraine?  Seriously ever since the revolution the amount of spam from that countries gone up a hundred fold
sorry
Night all
for how edgy the show is, the theme to attack on titan actually is pretty good
instructions unclear, accidentally uninstalled system 32
speaking of, does anyone know an audio driver that isn't shit and wont go full dubstep a month after install?
I've been using realtek HD drivers but it really annoys me how you have to manually assign IDs to whatever goes in ports.  The generics had a nicer front end but went full dubstep on me.
night, I'll bring it up tomorrow
Morning
Not sure whether this constitutes politics or not, technically its straight science 
Interesting stuff
morning
Interesting study came out, apparently in the 24 astronauts who have been to space and died, the vast majority have been from cardiovascular conditions
Yeah
No
People who died after going to space
they went to space, came back, then died
Could mean that, alternatively could mean they were healthy enough that heart failure is what got to them first
The good news, none of them died of massive amounts of cancer from nowhere
which means that isn't a huge concern
But current safety measures are successful
It also might just be an overexertion thing
theres a reason that cardiovascular is the #1 killer of firefighters
and I cant imagine astronauts live quiet uneventful lives
Yeah, that was the big complaint, that there was way too small a sample size
And its not like you can send a bus load of people to space for a study like that
More specifically, its not like you can blindly take two random groups of people, send some of them to space for an extended period, and only pretend to send the rest as they effectively live for a while on the Truman Show
It would be effective at showing that there was a legitimate difference in the cancer rate that wasn't caused by lifestyle in space
True, but we really don't fully understand the control mechanisms that prevent cancer still.  Its quite possible the rate may be lower than predicted
RIP Geckos
Yeah, poor space sex geckos
They never stood a chance
Still wouldn't be as accurate as lab mice, which they've started studying for that now and are actively in the middle of
yeah, but that also wouldn't factor in additional stressors such as dieting and the stress of being in space
you could always use genetic engineering to create some mice - yeast monstrosity for the best of both worlds
and then accidentally the zerg
bye
So far it is
got in at least one interesting conversation
and got to bring up the phrase space sex geckos which is a plus
Also my train was on time for once
This amuses me
morning tree
I'm shocked nobody has contracted HIV from the water
From what I hear its not rare to find corpses in it
its basically the east river 20 years ago
or the Hudson river 30 years ago
Still a better love story than Twilight
Congratulations Brazil, you made FIFA look clean
which is probably the second saddest statement to make, up there with the phrase /pol/ was right again
Isnt it Russia 2017?
Yeah
Russia apparently is having an anthrax outbreak
yes, anthrax
Yes, but it naturally occurs in deserts, and tundra is cold desert
The only time I'm aware of anthrax actually being deployed as that was shortly after 9/11
and nobody knows who did that still
huh, news to me.
Regardless, this ones a natural outbreak caused by global warming
Now all we need are Zika zombies
I think you have a problem...
Its like superhot, a game that gives you head trauma
seriously don't play that crack
Because strange people will tell you to stop and punch you in the face if you dont
Or maybe that was in game
who knows
Are you saying it was an inside job?
That was a bad joke
Aww, that's not a real thing sadly
>This chat
>Sane People
I think you're confused
I've seen SB, they're more awful than circlejerk on reddit
its impressive
no, the subreddit is literally called circlejerk
its as awful as you think it is, if not worse
Honestly, for a while I wasn't sure they were serious
even sent a mod mail thanking them for angering the entirety of reddit
Okay, just found out they're transferring me off of my current work in a few days so my free chat time will drastically lower
mixed bag there, on one hand less time to screw around, on the other hand less chance to get banned and more interesting work
But having troll subreddits and porn go through is a vital part of the reddit experience
I think I just found the most Australian name ever
Er... last name
Penwarden
That's one of the bland nerdy sounding names we all know and love the UK and its colonies for
Its pretty boring as far as countries go when the fauna isn't trying to kill you
Don't forget contracting Chlamydia from a drop bear
Is that how you get by without dying?
Oh, how I wish I could go back to the days when dressing up for Halloween was cute or funny and not creepy for all the wrong reasons.
dressing up as an animal for Halloween*
I did last year
I even had a cosplay where I dressed as a grey tider from space station 13
I got yelled at for having a real crowbar
It was cheaper than a fake crowbar
Gray Tide Station Wide!
I've seen clowns start it
or the traitor HoP
and nobody else understands this conversation
I can get you a picture when I get home, but it was a gray jumpsuit with an Israeli surplus gas mask, a leather belt with a crowbar strapped to it, and a pair of yellow rubber ""Insulated"" gloves
Couldn't fit a whole toolbelt and afford it
and couldn't find a blue toolbox that worked
so I settled on a crowbar which I painted with a nice red acrylic
I painted the top of it as is to make it look like it had been bloodied like the in game one
even made a captains spare ID for it
Pro tip: Israeli surplus gas masks are a bitch to breathe through for a while, its like having Asthma
was a lot cheaper than you'd think
and was worth it for the reddit karma
found it, ignore the room 
I hate you all
I stored books in them
textbooks, novels, notebooks, its more convenient than you'd think
actually looks neat from the front
Where do you see a squeegee
and that was a college dorm
That's a hole punch
Because how else do I punch holes in things?
But its right above my notebooks when I need to take papers I've put in them out to punch holes and actually put them in the notebook binder rings
Besides, I needed my desk for work space
I say needed because Its all packed away in storage atm
to come out hopefully more organized in about a month
My hiking pack
I had a pre-packed hiking bag for the outing club
had everything you'd need for a day trip
going to restock it this weekend actually
I have a list somewhere at home of what I had in it
Seriously, you wouldn't think it with how much of a nerd I am, but I am a very avid hiker
New York
But that photos from college in Ma
No joke, 20 minutes from NYC and you've got the Pallisades interstate park
which has hours upon hours of great trails and rock scrambles
and every few years nature switches it up with a new landslide
After that, you've got bear mountain about 40 minutes away, which is a whole awesome state park
and similarly you've got a great marshland in rye for bird watching
Yeah
Don't even get me started on all the things within an hour of college
Hiking, skiing, video games, and Science, the four things I could go on basically indefinitely about
I've finally had great success now
although not at beam weapons, gratz dude
how are you doing at air defense?
have you been doing good with shooting down enemy craft?
that's actually clever
morning wing
Yeah, and you can take pot shots at high value targets
doesn't 25% do a penalty to them too?
I think they need to buff out the scratches
I got held up because of a 2nd layer steam vent
saved up for a thermos generator
but you can mix meld and a good microbrew beer and make an amazing nanobrew
I always used shivs for meat shields
or rookies
rookies make really good meat shields
gonna go out for lunch now
speaking of meat
Done that, twas fun
Have you ever done only mechs
tis terrifying
Fun fact: your soldier WP can go negative
and it USED to automatically make them a psionic in -1 days
with hilariously bad stats
I use them with my rocket units
when they're not getting wrecked for missing shots and me spiting them by not save scumming them alive
because they missed the perfect shot on the enemy
Yep, next shot kills
even when the math makes no sense
I actually had a mission saved because I was able to jihad my grenedier on cryssalids and then rocket her, she survived all that, didn't survive the zombie that followed
It was a honorable enough death to not get upset over, especially because it took the civilian there out of the Line of Fire and stopped a withdrawl from Xcom
anyway cya
On the flip side, you can never have too many pills
unless your liver starts failing, that tends to be a sign you're on too many pills
Last time I played that I became the big seller of bottom shelf booze and then had my entire base detonated
or you can drink it and go blind
wasn't there a way to make an obsidian gen?
I don't know if you even need the redstone
Why isn't EV allowed a smart phone?
huh, they let my uncle have an ipad/iPhone and he repeatedly had friends smuggle him alcohol and, in at least one case, nyquil
Join the class action Logos
you can get good money from it
People class action sued over the windows 10 update
Isnt that what you're bitching about?
As that's an integral part of it?
Dude, those are the best kind of nurses
Also SCG aren't you supposed to be dead or something?
People stop doing that with me because I'm the kind of guy who takes his eyes off the road to double check that somebody got the joke
which apparently terrifies people
Especially since I drive 80 miles per hour on the highway on average
Volkswagen Tiguan here
logos, I'm always left side of the highway and flooring it
But that doesn't work when your trying to pass the guy in front of you and leave them in the dust
Who said while changing lanes?
I said for like half a second to check if someone makes a joke, which scares people.  So far I've only been in one moving crash and that was the other guys fault
idiot tried lane changing into me when I was in his blind spot
forced me off the road to not collide
still wrecked his paint job, he didn't even slow down
which was good because his paint rubbed right off of my black car while his white car was scratched to shit
especially since it only got the corner of my car and his car was scraped along the side
Of the other two crashes I was involved in my car was parked, which was annoying.
Some old guy tried to claim he didn't hit me while his car was still bumped up against my car.
I used to sing
then my friends and family told me to stop
apparently I sound like a dying sea lion
Basically, I'm a stereotypical aggressive NY driver and hate on NJ and Ma drivers
and I'm genetically half jersey which makes me insane behind the wheel on top of that
The Number One Ukrainian Band
I listen to this when I'm cheesing in Xcom
or playing as Russians/militia in squad
Yes
And Alexandria had a double
now COIL on the other hand
I have to one up you SCG
I'm sorry
Have 30 cc of concentrated twitch.tv
Which one?
I'd trade you frozen synapse for it
I'll take it, not at home for steam though
I've got Team Fortress II, that's basically the same thing
Got Frozen Synapse here
Fuck the ToS, what are they gonna do about it?  Call the Steam Police?
Have you heard of the eternal war logos?
Its the name of the game an individual played that managed to reach a 3 way stalemate and go on for 10 years irl
The Eternal War
as I said
Where some guy had a 3 way stalemate where anyone who made progress got briefcase nuked
also apparently the Iriquois survived on one island with one city
by pure virtue of nobody having the resources to invade them
everyone just kept building roads to send tanks towards the front lines, and when you started to make progress another nuke deployed
everything was irradiated swamp land and marsh, or ocean
the polar ice caps had melted over a dozen times
And another dude won as the iriquois
All my rocketeers become suicide bombers
That shooting and the france thing storm fronted me briefly
send help
On the flip side you can be repeatedly attacked
Also does that make them arm themselves with them or do you actually need to make a shit ton of beam weapons
Aww
But anyway, what I wanted to say before, I like to use high mobility snipers to get flank shots on the enemy, as they will almost always move when flanked
and then they get overwatched
or alternatively they shoot at my 4 hp disposable soldier and then get flank critted
that's just plane silly
That song gets creepy fast if you listen to the lyrics
Also CKII makes GoT seem less edgy
Ramses just chose an intrigue focus
you can't blame him for that
and clearly hes a greek
The trick is to send all your cops to the rich neighborhoods and leave the poor ones alone
unless you hear about reports of loitering, in which case you only send in white cops
Seriously, you can be an awful person in that game can't you
Shit, orcas on cam!
Do it coward
what are you a racist?
Do you want more black police officers to die?
And I'm an awful human being
Just group them all up on patrols
either they ambush them all and solve your problem for you, or you have no problem
Besides, you need token black cops to cover up your mandated racism
What could possibly go wrong
Do it, join the mob
are you on the phone or on scene?
tell the robber to drop his weapon and he might shoot a cop
alternatively you might not need to write up a shooting
or he might shoot the civilian instead
put all 3 options into an RNG and use it for decision making despite being the objective worst choice
fuck no
shoot him now when he has his guard down
fuck his sob story, he put a gun to somebodies head
open fire
...
Hey everybody, what'd I miss?
We
Surely everyone is on a totally new subject now
RIP
???
You can stop this
Apparently the robber was fucking Chris Kyle
PHRASING
I love you you assume the bomb trigger belongs to the guy named Abdul
I love how you*
god damn it
you're going to be weird forever now aren't you
RIP again
g2g
Woot!
New Squad Patch!
and vehicles!
Indeed
but at least we get more star wars
so I'm happy with that
I'm a lore junkie, I'm in it for that dank fluff and back story
True
Although I was a fan of all the republic commando crap
it puts the prequals in a different light and suprisingly makes anakin the more sympathetic character and obi wan seem like a jackass
I still dont get where all the damn Y wings were for the 7th movie
Wouldn't you want to be using heavy bombers if your attacking a damn entrenched target
its not like they dont have hyperdrives
Apparently a bunch of the old trade federation and banking clan corporations were intentionally letting shit get stolen by the rebels while being bribed on different ends to drop hints on which convoys were weak
which is also sad because you don't get to see the saber tanks mentioned in star wars V ever
Like for example, the Republic intelligence actively withholding General Greviouses location because they knew the jedi would immediately launch a full scale invasion against it and ruin one of there best leaks in the droid army
Wow
and I thought the whole weird thing with the chinese delivery guy getting locked out of his car was weird
Probably not, they don't send new guys to domestic disputes
Domestic Disputes are a big enough of a cluster fuck you usually want to send more experienced officers purely because it can go one of several dozen ways at seemingly random, several of which can end with you or others dead
er... the officer or others dead
I'm from a firefighter family, I understand emergency response patterns
we firebros have our own tricks and habits for dealing with situations as well as standard protocol, and we work with cops enough to know a lot of there shit as well
goddamn it
I hate you all
And now, for operation Crimson Tears
which will hopefully be better than it sounds
really
it drops me like that
Decisions, do I build a foundry, an early containment, yet another relay, or a officers facility
Destiny is for nerds... and I'm certa... wait...
Fuck
Both
Ignore the room
Real Israeli Surplus
they made a shit ton during and after the 6 day war and they're only $20 each
Pretty good
Got a swanky full time summer job, got college prep done, and got only a relatively small errand list left before I go back
some of which I could do before that even
er, after
Heh
Someone stated in a legal advice thread that there pikachu has a yellow fringe on it and asked if it meant it was a naval type pokemon
I did zi
that photos a year old
Basically, that was two months into my college carrier
I've since cleaned up more
I just like supporting drama
and also the Rio olympics make Fifa look clean
which is shocking
loot box systems are fun when its cosmetics
make a shit ton of cosmetics for every fucking thing ever borderlands style
allow fan picks (moderated of course) for new cosmetic styles, and then loot box those
no effect on the game, but if I want to cosplay something or other or be an idiot I get to do so
BM is a legitimate form of psychological warfare
and that requires emotes and sprays
BMing is the slang term for being a jerk to the other team
like when you kill someone and emote brag
Starcraft is where I learned that
I might be a nerd
Yeah, trolling is a much more primative art
BMing is a form of psychological warfare mang
Come on, when I play squad as militia and shout jihadist propaganda into global chat as I hunt down american pig dogs, thats proper use of BM
same with when you do the exact opposite and dispense 7.62 mm of freedom to your enemy as America
is it bad to shout legitimate jihadist propaganda into global chat as terrorists/militia in squad?
valve can't be arsed to ban people for that
especially since every other person who plays CS go or squad is playing porn into the game via soundboard
How am I supposed to hype my team up to destroy the american menace then?
Yes, but that sounds far worse than "OKAY COMRADES!  WE SHALL DANCE IN THE BLOOD OF THE GREAT SATAN! 
Warning, LOUD
that shout can't really be articulated through mere letters
and that is why you fail
CS go is about playing anime music into voice chat
and generally having a swell ole time
I've had far more fun fucking about in casual mode than competitive playing with others
even if it means you have to hear the god awful cover of the song "let it go" everybody plays, and you KNOW what I'm talking about
with squad, similarly, you can exploit global chat as a morale tool
and get the worse players to follow you just out of sheer drama
you're lucky then hiero
the common version found in CS go is even worse than /pol/s anti semetic take on that song
the pol varient or the cs go varient?
When you've got all the other conversation going on and generally fun jokes and gimmicks going on yes
when its just shit like that not so much, but they've got mute for that
Hey, I play the objective
I also shit up all chat
To pay respects?
I learned russian from CS Go and made my friend laugh at me when I attempted to great him
to greet him
Apparently cyka blyat idi nahui means neither "Hello, how are you", nor "Buy a P90 and rush B" like people claimed it was
fuck you its a great weapon
P90 master race
We won!
And on that note good night
You mean Bison
Although, in all seriousness, A Plattsburg or Lake Placid campaign would be interesting
as would an Albany
Upstate NY is the kind of place the simurgh would look at and pass over
Oh god, apparently some people fucked up badly and now the boss is furious at everybody, send help
hey ful
Mine has an issue of having a minor memory leak wheren it doubles the amount of server tabs open every time I reopen the program until hexchat ultimately crashes
but that's just me being lazy
er... reopen my laptop
not the program
huh, strange ful, the police are always annoying me insisting the same thing.
something about a court order or other
oh, hi ko
DREDDIT Is Recruiting!
I hope that was the right thing you were talking about
I don't think I can make any of the TEST jokes here without getting banned
shouldn't damage the laptop thankfully
and that stuff can be cleaned out
oh god what
have you tried snorting the suspicious white powder?
But that's too easy
It isnt
Firefighting foam can cause gastric distress
but that's it
Its also mildly caustic so its irritating as hell to mucous membranes, as someone discovered
eyyyyy
good afternoon you communist
a penguin with a sunburn?
this is a very accurate summary of peoples personalities in chat
Some sort of mover power
the moment you wear an earing as a guy, regardless of your intent, you become transgender.
I'm not a fan of the one earing punk/hipster look either
Just kiss already you two!
I told them to kiss
they didn't kiss
I felt the same way
No, can we ask what HIS from Power Puff Girls is?
Wasn't it literally hell?
But do we even know HIM's gender?
on that flame war?
Which show is this, and would I enjoy it?
I need to start watching anime
I knew that spoiler from 4chan ages ago
the evil wish cat thing is a meme on tg
Wait a second... Puffins can fly!?
Since when!?
Smart ass
gratz
Ritic isn't real
ritic is an urban legend
or platypuses
Idaho is like Poland springs
its a brand name, not a real place
hmm, did I know cyrix was a girl or not
I don't even know, there are too many people here to recall the gender of
it has a "sci fi company" feel to it
like I could easily see a Cyrix brand sentry bot or a Cyrix brand carbine laser
Just watch someone try to steal that baby
This is cave Johnson signing out
Poor aster, skitter shot her in the head
have you ever been glomped to death by a pack of furious hungry slimes?
I've been there, would not recommend
That can happen on /tg/station and baystation
seriously, slime research is a thing, and you can kill the entire station with it or make a fortune if you do it right
because different slimes allow you to spawn metal, food, make extreme poison, turn other people into slimes, create a golem army, teleport entire damn rooms, or do a whole other variety of things
That was doc who asked that, I'm socially awkward and don't know how to talk about hospital stays without making obnoxious jokes
Did they ever find out what happened by the way?
What kind of infection?
I'm a biology nerd
That is a very fair point
covalently or ionically?
pics or it didn't happen
Isnt that a type of cat?
the turtleshell one?
huh
Metzo Forte
if it develops blisters see a doctor
I misread that sentence in the worst possible way a second ago
I managed to sun burn my entire arms bad enough to fuck up my skin for years, but that's it here
Have you succeeded in the coffee trick of spilling a small tiny drop of hot coffee on your arm, flinching, and coating yourself thoroughly in scalding hot coffee?
I've done that with tea no fewer than 3 times
which reminds me, I need to do dumb shit in Wichita like walk into a resteraunt and eat fries straight from the fryer or get refills of McDonalds Coffee.  (Refer to 3rd degree burn incident to get why you don't do that)
I'd also like to give the usual reminder that McDonalds than launched a smear campaign on that person
From my suspicions hes now heat proof or resistent
not sure what the upper limit is
sticking my hand in a deep fryer should tell me that
2g
g2g*
yes?
how come?
I misread thals comment as being an extension of dragon kids
Well, I'm currently auto piloting in eve
I followed it for a while but I finally bought it today
I did the math and my summer job pays for a years sub in a day
Thank you bernie sanders
Got my hours cut, fucking labor laws
Interns are only legally allowed to work 30 hours
I was working 40
They'd need a much longer term insurance policy and a whole series of other benefits than
Benefits that don't matter because I head back to school in the fall
This shit is awesome
They're gunning for first private corporation to land on the moon
One small step for man, one giant step for making Total Recall real
Lan, getting things back to earth is the easy part
getting them out of the atmosphere and earths gravity well is the big struggle
and doing any of this in a decent time frame is the big struggle
er... the biggest hurdle
Could just by hydrogen and oxygen
making rocket fuel on the moon would make it a good stopping point for going further out
gets you a place you can refuel and then get off of with a low energy lift off due to very weak gravity well
And its close enough to earths magnetosphere to be partially shielded from solar radiation
Still more rads than the earth, but not as much as mars
But we need to set up a military post on the moon to fight off the Nazis who are on the dark side of it
History channel has ran multiple conclusive documentaries showing that the Nazis have bases on the moon now
 This bits also bizzare
as it makes what happened make even less sense
4chan seems to love it, they constantly tell people to consume products from the show
I can't tell you how many times I've personally been told to drink bleach
Oh god, Aisha would be a more horrifying ward than Shadow Stalker
You couldn't even shove her bullshit off as her being insane
She tied someone up, forced them to take care of a doll, and threatened them with a fate worse than death
while making finding nemo jokes
How the fuck was that tame!?
nobody killed shadowstalker
One of them was a striker that could imbue compulsions upon you
That's Valefor Level scary
One touch and next time you see your family you have a sudden compulsion to murder
Also Aishas power made them forget she was there and under there effect, meaning they couldn't keep it up
and she could theoretically put them down with ease upon entering i
it*
However we're unclear if theres a range on that or if Cherie would have been able to make her kill herself anyway
Speaking of, as some of the fan fics have said, we don't know how many S9000 clones are left
That was a cauldron plot point, they saved quite a few of them with controls in place by bonesaw to use them
particularly shatterbird and siberian
but also likely others like hatchet face clones (which would be dead) and others
We don't know what happened to the manton clone that was with cauldron
Contessa was technically a Master 10 Stranger 10 Trump 12 wasn't she?
And a brute 10/Mover something also
path to not getting seen, path to making x do y, path to not getting hit ever
She can path to not getting hurt
How is the ability to path to not getting shot any different from being bullet proof
By the way, question.  Would contessas power tell her if coil shot her in another reality he didn't intend to keep?
like if he pulled his usual "kill the messenger brutally in one reality, don't be an idiot in another" routine
Coil wouldn't want to keep it even if he did, he knows cauldrons big enough to do a fate worse than death if you were dumb enough to shoot a cauldron agent to you, especially since he doesn't know how important contessa is
Wasn't he a cauldron cape?
Active orca pod on cam
Really lucky, a half hour or more ago and the cam was greyed out with fog
Nah, its a static remote cam on the island the research staff are based off of
er... a remote operated camera that is, currently with someone tracking the pod
Looks like Transients judging by the fins
a solid 12-20
For those of you who aren't nerds, transient orcas are the ones that eat mammals
Seals, sea lions, dolphins, porpoises, even baby whales
And they can be anywhere in the ocean at any given time
Subspecies
one of the six common subspecies
You've got your northern residentials which migrate through this strait, they eat fish
particularly salmon in large quantities
you've got your southern residentials around California to Washington coastline, and they eat halibut
then you've got your transients which, as the name would suggest, are transient, but they tend to stick within 100 miles of the coastline somewhere
and then you've got offshores, who are rarely within 50 miles of coastline
the offshores are weird and eat squid and sharks
You can tell there transient by the knife angle fins of the males and the sharp tips of the females
Transients are particularly cool because they almost never vocalize, which also makes studying them a bitch and a half
Basically, they only vocalize after they've made a successful kill
Its always the same or almost the same vocalization too, changing from pod to pod but not incident to incident
The reason for that adaptation is that the animals they hunt, usually other whales and pinnipeds, actually use sound cues quite a bit, unlike with other subspecies which hunt fish
Mostly its thought to be cultural drift there, the same reason that oceanic humpbacks and black sea humpbacks have completely different vocalizations now
Its lucky actually, twas a really shitty day before that
even on the cam
These being transients matches up with other events over the past week or two where things such as a seal getting tossed and eaten on camera was observed as well as this group moving through as well
When an orca charges a seal they impact with the same force a truck driving 40 miles per hour would on a child, its absolutely brutal
Similarly, transients also are known to separate and drown grey whale calves for food and chase dolphins.  In one case a chase between an orca and a bottlenose dolphin went on for an hour spanning 20 miles, ending with the dolphin jumping 20 feet in the air in a failed evasion attempt
but yeah, if you've seen the videos it matches up, the seal just gets ragdolled in the air limply as half the bones in its body are shattered simultaneously.
Once that happens they're too screwed up to even stand a chance
I've gotta go in a few minutes
Biology major who wants to get into Cetology
being cetaceans
of which orcas are a species in
Cetaceans are whales, dolphins, river dolphins, and porpoises
Now I g2g catch a train
Hey folks
not much, just nerding it up like usual
Finally
I've ninja looted enough rat wrecks and mined enough ore to afford a ship to actually shoot other ships with
EVE
Its a sandbox
you can market pvp and spreadsheet war
and actually do serious damage to the market
or you can live in null sec as faction pvp, suicide gank in high sec
smoke weed and mine space rocks
or as I plan on doing shoot a bunch of loser NPCs who make mining rocks annoying and anyone who gets in the way
Not quite space pirate
I'm shooting space pirates
and possibly shooting the occasional dumb miner in low sec, but thats lawless space as is so its sort've kind've not really legal
Theres a whole group of people devoted to flying cloaky shit and blowing up big ass industrial fleets with
One of the big groups of those call themselves wingspan delivery services
In game groups
wingspan delivery services is a group that delivers torpedos and other munitions complementary
oh panda
didnt we have a third best of three to do?
hey, I have a tough choice
should I fly a tristin, an atron, or a rifter for early ratting
I officially applied to join BNI
It is the #1 COUPBOI Alliance
I wish life would throw more fan service my way
I once accidentally bleached a streak of my hair with acne product
everyone thought I used highlight and made fun of me
fucking middle school
Eh, my hair could do with a darker red in it
my mothers red haired so it definitely was a look I could have gotten
granted my father was inexplicitly black haired despite my family not being asian so yeah
Its found most commonly among asian and african descendents
its quite rare in the Ashkenazi eastern european demograph
Hell, seeing me and my brother got brown hair its quite likely its just a weird varient of that.
With safardics
Also part of why we're really curious what my families actual lineage is
sadly my coolest uncle is a rampant unrepentant alcoholic who has driven his family to the brink of fragmenting.  So take that for note when I say I'm jealous of that wing
Parking in NYC is suffering 
FUCKING CONCORD
no
I mean the group of assholes in eve who gang up on you for blowing a wreck up
??
please dont ping me at midnight
shit
anyway what about capybara?
Generally, everything around an area tends to pick up something from it
so as pud says, things in swamps tend to taste swampy
while your average grass fed guys are pretty tasty
deer can vary hilariously
I taste like cancer
Hello darkness my old friend
I've come to visit you again
The Doomlord of UltraMurder
Olly
Fucking Olly
I finally have a not shit atron
it aint great but I no longer need to fly face first at enemies and blast them with a radioactive shotgun and pray
from point blank I might add
This isn't a USB you picked up randomly right?
or bought online
because USB injected viruses are some of the most effective and most dangerous out there
one moment
do you use a mac?
okay
you're going to want to go to properties in your computer drive
then go to tools
After that hit the "Check now" button under "error checking"
check the automatically fix file systems error button too
okay, first of all run a virus scan, just to rule that out
after that run scan disk on it
you do that by right clicking the USB drive selecting properties, tools, and then check now
on the USB drive, not your computer drive
theres one or two other things but we can take those to PMs
also I'm about to go to bed anyway
Hey, theres a chance I might be being transfered to level one tech support tomorrow so you're doing me a favor too
Which insurance did you have?
Also fuck health insurance companies
My family got in a 2 year dispute with one after they wouldn't cover my brother due to his ""voluntary breast enhancement surgery" which was apparently what a medical clinic in Plattsburgh new York mistakenly filled out for his emergency stitches.  He was 10 years old at the time.
If anyone had used any common sense at any point in that they would have realized that nobody gives a 10 year old voluntary plastic surgery for breast enhancement in backwater clinics in upstate fucking New York
took 2 fucking years to deal with before everyone acknowledged that it made no sense whatsoever
and we still get random collection calls
Ouch
That really fucking sucks
Its bad enough that you can actually get better healthcare by going to prison or by joining the military than you can by being an average person
or by being in Canada/England, granted you have to put up with the bullshit of being in England than.
The trick to American Healthcare, be rich or be completely undocumented and broke
Apparently its a really thankless job too
I've heard nothing but sad stories from every part of the hospital system
Although theres a big problem of new innovations not hitting the market now too
You've also got people like my uncle with terminal cancer who aren't going to die of terminal cancer
Which also help the statistics
My sympathy has almost run dry for him also, hes caused everybody so much shit.
Terminal Lung Cancer
And crippling alcoholism
At this point its the alcoholism killing him
not the cancer
He picked up his smoking habit trying to quit drinking
so its always been a problem
hes just taken the cancer as an excuse to stop trying
The other day he drunkenly went out doing god knows what in his car, freaked everybody out when he showed up missing causing them to call 911, got even drunker, drove back home, and blacked out in his car
they had to hospitalize him yet again for that and its nothing but through the grace of god that he didn't get charged with DUI
my cousins at the point of disavowing him and his wife (cousins mother) as soon as hes financially stable, and my uncles basically dead to his daughter also
The whole situations straight up awful at this point, and there is nothing I can do to help any of it.
Yeah, pretty much
She wants him gone by any means neccesary
was trying to divorce him before the diagnosis
and she was actively pushing for police to press charges during that prior incident so he'd be out of her hair
My cousin feels shes done a piss poor job at being his mother while trying to get herself away from him in general.  Which is true to an extent, although her marriage is a catastrophe so I personally cant blame her.  And he dislikes my grandmother for being useless because shes just not good with conflict.
Sound convoluted and fucked up yet?
Yeah... My father (aunts sister) has had enough of the situation and has also given up, and my brother has an amazing capacity for ignoring things.   leaving my mother and I as the only two who are actually trying on my families side.  Which is problematic as neither of us are any good at it.
Hell, I do poorly with normal social situations, much less this.
He was for a while
Couldn't put up with all the constant conflict and gave up after a while
He did put in a good effort for a while though
19 and 15
We've been doing exactly that lank
getting my cousin and his aunt out for weekends
which is where I learned the whole intending to leave his aunt and effectively cut all ties with her part.  The problem is I do or did think highly of all of them as far as family go
No idea
but he seems dead set on it, and I can't find it in me to blame him
I can't find it in me to blame my aunt either but that's besides the point
20+ yeras
Somehow
Yeah, the amount of resentment that has built up is astounding.
No idea
Yes
And why is younger sister is straight up traumatized
I'll support him regardless of what he does though
I thought that was a fact, just like how American and Australian tourists are loud, annoying, and tip well
As opposed to british which never tip
China, Japan, and Korea all have some weird ethnic hatred of each other.
Taiwan would be in on that too but they've put aside differences with Japan to spite the Chinese more
and everyone has a mutual dislike for the phillipines.  Poor, poor phillipines
I've heard people refer to Philippines as the Mexico of Asia
and everybody treats migrant workers from that nation as second class citizens
and near constantly screw them over
Mongolia
I thought it was in Europe?
What the hell is the middle east anyway
part of Africa, part of asia, part of Europe?  Or is it like India
Is Israel also?
because if so I get to scratch another continent off the list
Bangladesh is the Greece of Asia, constantly involved in one disaster or another
How can Mirrors if Eyes aren't real?
Also Axle, that would require them to take in Syrian refugees, which is a no go for Israel
Turkey tried
they couldn't
and then they collectively as a country went "Lol ottoman empire didn't want that land anyway"
also Elara, Switzerland is one of Israels greatest allies and trade partners
with England not far behind
and Polands got that whole guilt thing over turning over all the jews ever to Germany
wait what?
Since when is Switzerland not EU?
Although granted that was probably a good call
Making questionable choices of isolationism that work out inexplicitly?
I'm a fan of two state even as a fan of Israel for the record
I'm also a fan of Israelis and palastinians not killing each other in rampant ethnic tension but we can't have the best of both worlds sadly
Anything involving Hamas and Israel continuing to exist in the same universe will not work.  Anything involving Israelis and Palastinians to live next to each other as neighbors will not work.  Anything that involves Israel trusting middle eastern nations to not smuggle guns and rockets into Gaza wont work.
Its a goddamn nightmare of a situation
because both sides have fucked up everything forever
Will do, I'm happy to talk about it, its actually something I'm knowledgable on
Isn't that a good sign for a compsci program eh
Hey, if it makes you feel better, someone had an aneurysm when designing my school website also
  seriously, look at this shit
it makes you feel like you opened your grandmothers malware filled web browser to dozens of popups
Its like somebody vomited a rainbow on your monitor
Some random student?  I don't even know
The thing is, they changed it to this 6 months ago
before that it was a perfectly normal functional website
which looked aesthetically pleasing and actually did what was intended
then they decided to fuck everything up
Very carefully
Send progressively more and more angry emails to IT about it
Until you get to incoherent gibberish
in all caps of course
if you hack the IT page you either get in or get arrested
you'll probably get the former
you should do it
Wonderful
So wait... Question.  In Worm, does the big C stand for cancer or Cauldron?
Hi doctor Nick
You can modify anything if you try hard enough
it might break everything but it'll work
I am still struggling to download the xcom dank meme mod
it bricked the game last time
Tell that to the classic WoW group
they got there filthy mugs on everything and successfully ran the server
They created Morrowblivian which opened a whole new can of worms for gameplay
and for copyright law
Ultimately they reached a compromise with Bethesda and implemented something to make it so you actually needed both games for the mod
I was always a fan of stealth prison shank style
where you sneak behind someone, stab em in the back, and if that doesn't proc a kill animation you give them the Walter White Prison treatment
Cyrix, theres a video of someone stealth backstabbing a dragon
Blindly reading scrolls is a good stopgap
Ulfric is an Elven Shill
Cyrix, there are sabercats aren't there?
In WWII there was a plan to have cat guided bombs
apparently you can't train cats to aim for germans
the dogs just ended up blowing up Russian tanks
and being generally depressing
Make Anime Real
your virtual animated waifu is not real
How dare you!
You want to fight bruh
because thems fighting words
Bring it on you bastard
Damn it, #moderation kicked me
they're completely useless
Apparently waifus aren't a serious matter to them
Well its made of inferior iron, meaning it lacks the sheer hardness of a Japanese sword
and is wielded by inferiorly trained western soldiers
as opposed to Japanese samurai training
Shh
we're being weebos
Its been too long since I saw that copypasta
I need to stop shit posting in #moderation
Just okay?
That really doesn't say a lot
hey ritic
finally caught up with setanta
and I have one minor correction and a whole bunch of theories
A lot of movies cheat and do tricks like breaking bad did where they use very little of the budget on one episode so they can splurge on others
Huh, I only know camera shot names so that sounds about right
That was an amazing episode name
Firefly and Serenity are amazing
I finally got my eve cargo bay just the way I like it
filled with drugs, exotic dancers, holofilms, alcohol, quafe, caviar, and livestock
yes
and it probably has exactly the implications you think it does
capsuleers have no regard for life, which is fair because flying around shooting things while throwing a drug addled party, and then accidentally dropping hard drugs into a colony alongside there medicine, probably makes me a bad person
Nilbogs power had less fine control, and he used it worse
if he used it at full potential he would be at the ""just run"" level of ability
granted, give skitter enough time and setup and she could go class A too
if she mass bred black widows and used them on everybody
whole crowds dead in seconds
it'd be horrifying
The big problem is, the locker thing was a tuesday as far as sophia cared, wasnt it?
Its not like she was one of those evil black knights who slaughtered your family and remembered it, she did horrible shit to multiple people on a regular basis
taylor just got the worst of it
Which project
how the hell are you in school evne
even
Ah
I failed out of those
Fucking Chemistry
I could go for some Jack
You should look at byonds code
it'll make you actually have an anurysm
Did you know the door open command just lists all the doors currently in existance
and it takes an additional proc to actually open doors
Terraria isn't much better, although they have the excuse of doing it to make modding easier
In terraria, whenever you swing a weapon it opens up a list of every weapon in the game, identifies your weapon, and then puts the stats/effects of that weapon in
Its incredibly inefficient, but it makes it very easy to mod weapons in
its still pure spaghetti though
Moms spaghetti, already
On an unrelated note, panic
hey
still more reliable than CNN
It is
But they make an ass of themselves consistantly
In an unbias manner
like for example, speculating that the Malaysia airlines flight MH-370 got destroyed by a black hole
that was a good one
or being the original source of the "Who is this 4chan" meme
My condolences by the way rhet
110 degrees right?
Poor Russia, getting shat on by everybodty
That sounds really dumb
no offense
transformers tends to sometimes go a bit all out from: We're aliens waging an interstellar war that just so happens to include earth, to: We created you as slaves of some vague kind
Its political
everything is political
Do you think its a coincidence Russia got the 2012 Olympics and the 2017 World Cup?
And that brazil got the 2014 World cup and the 2016 Olympics?
Granted, there are about four or five emergency back up world cup nations if neccesary
For example, America, England, and Germany could effectively host a world cup at any given time
Italy also
With Olympics its a lot more complicated
You know, I still feel that they always played down humans ability to fight those things
kind of like how AoT made people completely inept at fighting titans, despite the fact that you'd almost certainly have reckless idiots try everything until something worked
I'm pretty sure that's how anti tank warfare became so effective in WWI
some german in a trench realized that if you shoved a hand grenade into the treads you killed everybody and disabled the tank, and then they started covering grenades and dynamite in tar and killing tank operators with them
and such was the death of the dream of purely mechanized military
Michael bay, before he went completely insane, actually did start going into that too
with the fact that heavy artillery and AT weaponry actually did hurt like hell on them
Stop being boring people
Oh god kill me
todays just dragging on
and I've got allergies to add insult to injury
You know those cold calls soliciting service from various companies?
I'm the guy who googles all the names on the list to verify they're accurate
so you can thank me for getting spammed
But seriously, chances are these specific cold call lists are a bit too specific for any of you to be on
You don't say pan
er... hal
whatever
Don't you see
Clinton is one of the chaos gods
I suspect Tzeentch
She got an eve player killed in the Benghazi fiasco so nope
I'm voting Giant Meteor 2016
Giant meteor will end the income gap
Ever since that male model assassinated the prime minister of Malaysia, things have really gone downhill
VP
That'd be a really good weaverdice campaign
mad max Uganda Road
Kony 2012
Wasn't south Africa at the tail end of Aparthied rule at the rise of capes?
It'd be interesting to see how south Africa develops and compartmentalizes the crazies out
He also suffers brain damage
What about nilbogs hunger solution
No?
Use his power with someone like ballistics power and they're terrifying
Seriously, imagine adding a velocity multiplier to a momentum multiplier.  Everything dies at relativistic speeds
Ballistic is effectively a railgun as is, launching things at bullet like speeds
multiply that by skidmark making one of his one directional 4x speed fields and suddenly that becomes relativistic speeds
alternatively, have squealer make vehicles, accelerate them towards field, have field launch em
or use the fields as a form of pseudo mover power
by doing the Mario kart trick
Lucky you
Knowing the US DOA Regulations and that McD probably violates all of them doesn't help
do not look up the Department of Agriculture Regulations or do the math on them
Wow, Philippines really is the mexico of asia
Are all your local and providence level politicians corrupt?
not like mayors and senators?
do you have drug gangs running wild?
With useless police always near criminally underfunded?
huh, extra judicial death you say
that's like a reverse mexico there
where the criminals are murdered and strung up by civilians
while the government looks the other way
who?
The devouerers?
We occasionally get rabid coyotes here
I'd just like to point out this article is fantastic
heh
My parents always overblow my lactose intolerance
I used to be the best kid in my math class that wasn't on a special advanced track (so 3rd best)
generally as far as my teachers are concerned I'm a genius when I'm not an idiot
but unfortunately I make a lot of dumb mistakes so yeah
I did OSR
that's not the same thing but its fun
It also is unique enough to be more appealing if showed up right
I failed a cutting test in kindergarden
they nearly held me back
it was a hand eye coordination test
with scissors
I fucking hate all of you
Yes
Shut up seal
I got a shocking amount of PT for someone never diagnosed with an actual neurological issue more severe than ADHD or non-specific spectrum disorders
speech therapy too but that was for a stutter
You can borrow my one pack if you want wing
I'm finally at a normal weight
I actually have to work out to not get fat finally, which is annoying
feel free to take all the extra adipose from me that you want
Mostly I hike
I'll run treadmill if I don't have the time and I ski in winter
Is that why you call yourself seal?
because you're blubbery?
At least you're not like my cousin who I almost disowned for being a filthy snowboarder
I will murder you
look at me gun
look at me
I'm the admin now
did you just say 5 foot 3?
are you a dwarf?
how tall are you?
like 5'11" here
I'm stuck in the middle with you
I'll take your extra height
aww
I would've said yet another set of clothing
Guess what I got for christmas
but being taylor is suffering
That sounds like an edgy wanna be vampire gan
gang&
Join the Dark Siders, unleash your anger
Yes
I dislike how bulky my legs are but I think that's a psychological issue stemming from my neurological issues
partially because I'm pretty sure the resentment I feel towards my own legs is definitely not healthy or normal
My blizzard accounts banned
Ah, 1 hour into my commute/work day and already someone had a seizure on the train
a wonderful start to wednsday
I can understand why people do that now
Didn't a bunch of people die on Fuji during a smoke plume from it?
like a year ago?
Nvm it was Ontaki and 30
and 2 years ago
huh, that's new
Question
Is WD40 tinker tech?
What about Trump Steak?
Do they have a help line for dank meme addiction?
That feel man
I cant google dank memes at work without getting fired
and my meme folders at home
with my rare pepe cache
some dick in Dreddit scammed me out of one of my rares posing as a DIX recruiter
in EVE
por que no las dos?
Yo tengo Un Gatos en mi pantalones
of course you'd say that
shem
isn't your name also the name of some whole kosher jewish sweet wine?
...
goddamn it
wasn't it meneshemetz or something?
oh
that's how you spell it
last time I read the label it was after 4 or so glasses of it
Passover was fun last year
You haven't reached spiritual enlightenment until you've gotten hammered at Passover sedar
wait what!?
Fuck
All I'm seeing is a heat advisory atm'
Okay, I see it, flash flood advisory
Nope, I'm from real new york
you know, the city and Westchester
Westchesterite here
New Rochelle in particular, home of two colleges and a mild heroin epidemic
Fun fact to those of you elsewhere
every part of new York is obligated to hate or resent every other part of new york
for example, us in Westchester resent NYC for marginalizing us, are rivals to Long Island, and relentlessly make fun of upstate new york
and hate albany
And everybody upstate hates downstate for us feeling entitled and having all the economy
All of which are objectively inferior to us downstaters
Awww
They caught the trump tower guy
Yep
some guy wanted to climb trump tower and speak with trump
he got pulled in on the 16th floor by cops just now
And Shia LaBeouf is straight up bullshit tier
Shia LaBeoufs acting skill alone constitutes a stranger power
hes basically a class A threat
not quite class S due to not tending to kill cities, but definitely still up there
Do you think decepticons would fight endbringers?
with the simurgh?
to leave planet they'd have to fly past the simurgh
I would like to see the dark take that those space whales are actually at the bottom of there relative food chain.
And that there are other entities that are scarier than them and possibly feed on them, with them being the equivelent of feeding on algae
Iaaa Iaaa Phtagghn cthulhu pthagghan
Alternatively, you could have the old fashioned, "every end of the world prediction was right, and now they're all fighting over which happens"
so you've got scion in a dispute with other god figures over which one gets to nom the earth for energy
I've seen some shit
really depressing
TL:DR: We're in crippling debt and nothing we make is selling well despite overwhelmingly good reviews
fuck no idea what happened there
fan
Game design isn't my thing, tech support and biology are
Mostly behavioral biology
and everybody needs tech support
it doesn't matter if you're a research group, a bussiness firm, an eco advocacy group, a national park, or hezbollah, you need someone who can do IT in this day and age
coincidentally, what was that anime y'all were recommending
OPM?
there was also like three other recommendations
I understood literally none of that
thats it
I thought it was my audio driver that was crashing my computer
that explains why nothing I did fixed it
its my network driver
that either fixed that error or broke everything
we'll see
Bakuda had to be a hardcore Michael Bay fan
or vice versa
Remember folks, cool guys dont look at explosions, because you'll literally go blind from looking at a bakuda bomb
Ah, that reminds me of some of the insane bombs people make in ss13
you can get an owl grenade that forcibly makes people wear owl costumes.  As well as having a butt bomb that doesn't actually do anything but looks scary.  Then you've got chem bombs which tend to ruin everything forever
I've seen people frozen, set on fire, spun infinitely, covered in ants, covered in spiders, exploded, peppersprayed, and acid bombed at the same time
>Not writing a bakuda x bitch fan fic
You know, youd think it'd be a shard power to write awful enough shit posts to literally drive people to suicide
not quite, its just that bad
like how a certain toy story erotica story drove me to commit in game murder on the individual reciting it
Some days, when the sun has left the horizon and a chill has entered the air... it can still be heard, on the whispering of the wind...
oddly, one of the few things I dont have
seriously, you could name literally dozens of other things blindly and be right
third and first one sort've
implying there is any OC left to be found in worm
and its not all dank memes and shitty crossovers now (although lacks actually wrote a good one)
oh my god
the worms have taken over the earth
and they've plugged humans into the shardmatrix to harvest them for... something?
someone needs to write that
either worm x matrix or worm x saints row
because saints row literally did the whole skylight party crashing thing
Do it nerd
So without Gat
Although possibly with his hulking abomination form
If you do that someone better get nailed by a giant 5 foot long purple dildo
or 3 foot long
because you can't write saints row without the penetrator
granted, reagent would almost certainly use the bee gun
Designed for crowd control and anti brute capability
following skitter logic to its obvious conclusion
when in doubt, cover it in bees
Thank Obama
Yeah, too bad he killed that meme too
They still have the sub locked since then
no new submissions allowed
I'm prepping for my college year too
anyway night guy
to what?
I started ingesting heavy metal yesterday.  It should be an easier way to get access to it at work without annoying people
Of course you're finnish
they're the death metal capital of the world
Try osmium, its relatively hard to get but it hits you pretty fast... It also causes pulmonary odema but that's to be expected
People literally triggering from both boredom and from conflict with filthy communist Russian capes
Can't be shakers because fins are immune to the cold
Finland subsumed by the unstoppable tide of Islam
Also panth, that's a balkin thing, Sweden, Iceland, and Norway all have public saunas also
They're an Icelandic thing too, which means they're also a Nordic thing
steam tinker would be a legitimate power
you could do some really nasty shit with that
I mean, who hasn't played that anime game with that evil teddy bear?
Where you had the guy get burned alive in the sauna
no
the anime game
That evil teddy bear, from whatever the game he was from was
So he was the worlds first NEET?
How have none of you played any of those monokuma games
...Why was she= holding an egg to begin with
Oh right, discovering magic mushrooms and Viking raiding will do that to you
So, if fins survived in water world, would they have become dolfinns?
Oh I get it
and the Polish worship a similar god called Kurvva right?
So what is Kurvva
?
Oh, so I shouldn't use it as a polish greeting...
Says the dropbear
Don't you need to call them a bogan
Oy
U wot m8
I swer on me mum Ill wreck ya m8'
fluent british
Isn't that the rapey Mongolian dude from Game of Thrones?
I thought that was the guy from Harry Potter
You know, the annoying blonde girl from slytherin
I liked Dumbledore in lord of the rings
Get the fuck out\
You went too far...
Some lines should NEVER be crossed.
That's like saying twilight is a good and amazing book that harry potter made a shitty knock off of
that JK Rowling made a shitty knock off of with harry potter*
For the watch!
Fuck, I'm in the middle of a john block at work so I goofed
You know those socilicting calls people and companies get?
Its my job to verify the information on the list my company uses is accurate
Yep
and you can thank me for it!
Yes, you're welcome
dude, its okay
I'm aware just how annoying what I do is
but dat $15/hr wage
I chuckled
theres some clever things in it
Steel beams are bullshit
nothing can melt them
Except Sundancer, who coincidentally is from an earth where 9/11 happened
coincidence?  I think not
Clearly Marissa did 9/11.  And that means earth alephs government is clearly working with the simurgh
Don't you get it, earth aleph is scion!
I remember one story where Reagent got a brown note gun
it did...not go well for anybody
bb
Oh, just put in a few contacts they said
it'll be easy they said, it'll only be a handful from here on out
its fucking 100 for this one address
That's a bad idea
Especially with people like me and whatshisname on 4chan
There was a guy who went out of his way to right insane and convoluted write ins for quest threads
and I tend to troll post also
Like when everythings going to shit I'd be the guy who puts in
For example, one of my common troll write ins are >DEHUMANIZE YOURSELF AND FACE THE BLOODSHED
as well as attempting to incite chaos worship
Most of the in character lung fights I read she ends up losing, armsmaster wins, or she swoops in for the after effects
And I do agree.  Its intimidating enough I only think up crack fics
Since France is basically an Islamic nation now I thought beards were a requirement
Alec is totally a slytherin
Alec wanted power so he could be lazy
also so he could kill his father, and he was lol evil
he literally liked mind controlling people so he could sexually abuse them for his own enjoyment
Awww
I accidentally  again
Tattletale is ravenclaw A F
Tattletale wanted to know everything, knowledge pursuit is ravenclaw
Coil literally had the whole snake thing
I can't imagine coil not killing Voldemort for being too much of a wild factor
Voldemort in wormverse is one of those great ways of seeing how he was a big fish and a small pond
if you put him somewhere where people were also pretty scary then suddenly Voldemort isnt
Holy shit
Vereor is the one
Verns done this a lot
hes aware of the matrix
shut it down
shut everything down
Someone else pointed out that when you put capes together its really a ball rolling thing.  If the S9 made it into marvelverse or DC verse they'd get fucked due to the extra 50-100 years of capeshit
HP magics a lot less useful than you'd think
it has utility but most usages of it are objectively inferior to actual tactics
Gallant actually had a really good power
it was useless against levi but it was pretty effective
Did friendbringers not make all the endbringers already yandere?
>Holy shit, how are ALL of you planning to back stab each other
Honestly, its the mover potential in HP verse that's nice
you get infinite teleportation and ability to capitalize heavily on it
Theres no reason you couldn't pull a oni lee and use it to telefrag people
hell, use it to literally telefrag to the definition since botched teleports cause serious problems
I want to see lung in Dark Souls verse
He keeps escalating and everyone keeps fat rolling and backswinging
>Might
Alright you lazy sacks of shit, get the fuck outside and watch tonights meteor shower
Perseids visible tonight and tomorrow
wanna play me?
Remember folks, go outside, the meteor shower peaks after midnight
this year is predicted to have a peak of 200 meteors/hr
that is more than 3/minute
there are three other showers this year and two of them will be outshined by the moon
yep, its an outburst year too
and the gemenids and orionids are predicted to be a dissapointment
NEW TRAILER
glen, hiero, brut, meteor hower peak in 10
Northern hemophere
I agree with that
Im basically the dorm designated driver, that will hopefully help me one day
dude
even I drink more than that
although usually I drink slow
Im a vodka and cider guy personally
^^^
Although when youve got two local beer brands you cant not drink them
5 hour energy and 4 loco
combined it makes a 9 hour energy/9loco
How to get black out drunk 101
someone in NY apparently discovered a new PoGo exploit
Ow
Anyway, the exploit was that if you put an egg in a gym nobody can take it
because apparently you can place eggs in gyms
Team Instinct finally is holding ground
so question.  Would it be in poor taste to market out Khepri-sun as an energy drink for the post apocalyptic world?
heh
also fuck my audio drivers are toast
either somethings dying or Im going to need to reinstall everything
and I dont want to tear my laptop open
...
I am staring at my screen in horror at that statement
interestingly, if I mash my damaged keyboard enough the keys that are unresponsive actually workish
My audio drivers or bios are fucked
so far Ive got away with most of my bullshit, but I wouldnt try it
also lack, Ive been reading your fic.  You are a good writer... and a terrible human being
seriously, There were definitely more than a few of the "you are a monster" lines crossed
uhhh
so... remember how my keyboards been broken and I was confident it was loose wiring?
Updating everything ever fixed it
I'm just going to chalk that up to bill gates witchcraft and not question it
Are for kids
I currently have a livestream of a beehive in Bavaria up on my computer, that I am watching from new York...  Technology has gone too far
Honestly, I could believe this one
Just like if you told me that Usain Bolt was literally fathered by the flash I would believe it.  I'm pretty dumb like that
Crap
we're getting told by Con Ed to shut down everything ever or else theres going to be a power outage
Eh, this comps not supplemental and everybody else seems to be ignoring the order too
I'm sure nothing can go wrong
Feel free to steal my username if I crash if you want to play in disguise
You're probably less likely to get in trouble using it than I am
Or make a Trojan horse joke
Or Go as Eevee or something clever
fair
but Eevee would be a sneaky name to go under
its the two letters in your name and a weeb enough name to potentially be someone else
huh
I did not know that
I do not know this story
I'm about 100% out of my league here currently, so you may need to fill me in
if you want to of course
yeah, I could see that I guess
Yeah, I was unaware of the full situation anyway
I get that
He really is, I've had nothing but positive interaction with him, and I tend to annoy people usually
Also I apologize for making dumb suggestions without any knowledge of what exactly I was suggesting anyway
I cant deal with it now
but I strongly suspect my audio problems on my laptop are actually multiple audio problems and not just one
You know, I actually can tell most anxiety attacks by when I get paranoid and very self negative.  For some reason they always result in me coming up with all the crazy reasons why I fucked up.  Usually I can now catch it within seconds.
Its annoying but it just means I need to sit around or grab a chocolate bar or otherwise calm down to deal with it.
See ya
Holy fog bank batman
That live cam of mine appears to be offline with how foggy things are in BC
oh wow, I was wrong, the waters visible, its just so glassy it looked like it was obscured
Y'all are too quiet
I cant even start a conversation by talking about nature or mental issues, Do I need to bring up some random science topic again?
Fine, be that way...
Apparently they now have a new record for oldest vertibrate
They think Greenland sharks reach sexual maturity at 150 years old and possibly live to 600+ years of age naturally
the one they caught in this case was likely 500+ years old, although the minimum age was 400 something
Since they can't figure out where on the error line the number actually falls, it works to pick the minimum possible age, assume that, and still make the same general point without any potential criticism
They also are both bycatch and oddly serve as food for orcas and weird greenlanders and other Nordic folk.
Apparently its some of the most awful stuff ever due to the fermentation process
You have to ferment it to be edible due to the ammonia content
in Asia they have a way around that by only eating sharkfins, but that's extremely unsustainable
and also pricey
Come on folks
Greenland sharks are cool
and living 400+ years is also cool
speak!
That ones a cool one, apparently an accidental side effect of an exoskeleton project to help with paralysis
also showing just how damn adaptive the brain is
Fine, I'll go be a nerd elsewhere!
Why are you so boring
Basically, using bycatch sharks they cheated by testing the isotopes in a protein that doesn't get produced after birth in these sharks
they were able to determine, with a 273 year error rate, that the shark was between 400 and 650 years old or so
correction, its possibly as young as 272 years old or 573 years old
and likely, due to other factors, fell at roughly 400 years, but even 272 would be enough to break the record
oldest land animal is the galaphagos tortoise at 175 years
after that you've got the silkata at 150 and the red footed tortoise at 120
They think whales live a long ass time because they're basically the equivalent of American banks... too big to fail
Even when they develop cancer, which is relatively rare anyway, they have so much sheer mass to go through for that tumor, which has the same constraints a normal tumor in any animal does, to grow into that it often starts competing with itself
Invertibrates live longer, but this was for vertebrates
Lobsters are also biologically immortal
As are jellyfish
Aww, I'm not sure whether that's a complement or an insult
thanks
be back in 30
back
Write a self insert and have them get smurfed
or S9'd
is that different from marissa quest?
R I P
I
P
thanks?
night
I don't know what I just did
but apparently it summoned rit??
Oh
Why did I just get a sudden flashback to Tank Dating Sim when you said that doc
who pinged what?
 orcas on cam
shots incredibly blurry sadly
yeah, they're out of range and on a relatively static cam so its all fucked up being zoomed like that
Its a few people who watch the cams, they've got a facility on a nearby island
they have one person managing the cams and hydrophones scattered about, and also coordinating the boats that they send out to those
I visited that facility, its actually quite nice minus the lack of air conditioning
you have to straight up kayak or take a boat to it though
John Stone Strait man, its an amazing place
sure the sun goes down at 10 pm and rises at 4 am in the summer, but if you don't get upset by that the star gazing is beautiful
Its british Columbia, hot during the summer, gets down to 50s at night, gets foggy and misty during early mornings
and has quite a bit of rain this time of year
during the winters its pretty frigid though
because, you know, canada
Also its in the ring of fire with a tsunami risk but that's a different problem
Just don't fuck up like my group did, make sure your camp is above the high tide level, even if you're behind the flood line
seriously, we fucked that up once and I woke up floating in my tent\
it wasnt
I was in an air matress
on an air matress
took a solid 5 minutes to decide whether or not I needed to deal with this shit
it was that same morning I set my pants on fire as we tried to dry everything around a camp fire
Apparently you shouldn't leave synthetics that close to popping embers
or else fire happens
but yeah, one of the greater trips I went on
I did my science research in belize
so I helped out with observing bottlenose dolphins down in turneffe atoll
Its an amazing place, although once again no air conditioning
it didn't help that there were a bunch of hotels around the area that were illegally building and the managers didn't understand why people were repeatedly telling them not to feed the crocodiles
so several times people were snorkeling and got approached by a begging crocodile
in case you were curious, getting approached by a 5 foot crocodile is piss your pants levels scary
not unless you attacked it, they expect you to give them food and will wait a while until they get impatient
and then they might attack but by the time they get impatient most sane people would have fled the scene in terror
only time they wouldn't is if you're on the dock and they're not and they don't bother then
Coincidentally, its those fuckers who are why we don't know the mortality rate of dolphins on turneffe
To figure out mortality and causes of death you first have to have dead dolphins to autopsy
crocodiles are not conductive to dead dolphins being recovered
yeah, the crocodiles will always make it to the dead dolphins first because they're actually looking for them and if they're in the water we cant find them anyway
They estimate about 80 or so dolphins in the area, with an additional 20-40 transients at any given time
the shallows keep most of the sharks away and the only real fear they otherwise have is human intervention or the occasional transient orca pod
its a real shame the cam quality is so low because these orcas in this video are doing something
I think they'd literally tear you in half
But seriously, dolphin mating is relatively quick and surprisingly boring.
they do a whole bunch of weird behaviors
although that's bottlenose dolphins
which were the ones I studied but not those specific groups that did that
the most exciting thing the turneffe dolphins really did was do this whole benthic foraging behavior where they scraped the sand bottom with there rostrum (snout) and echolocated into it
they'd look very silly doing so but it was shockingly effective at catching or spooking fish
kind of resemble a drowning fish, swimming straight down frantically
er...dying fish
I think only sharks can drown
most fish would suffocate
even sharks technically asphyxiate so it doesn't count
only some sharks
basking sharks, sand sharks, nurse sharks, and I think cookie cutters dont half to
not sure about cookie cutters, which are coincidentally the ones you see harassing dolphins the most
they took predation to its most pathetic yet effective manner and somehow became parasites
because of them and other animals dolphins adapted to rapidly regrow skin and blubber
they've been observed to recover from motor boat hits and severe sunburns
Severe sunburns as in skin literally peeling off like a 1st/second degree burn bad
Beachings
or otherwise getting stranded
you dont see that with bigger whales as much since they straight up dont survive stranding
Yep
dolphins dont so much
but they still have trouble with stress and other things
whats really horrifying though are the nemotoads
Although I dont think you want to hear about those
Nemotodes
Anyway, bottlenose dolphins are constantly a source of debate actually
basically, theres debate as to whether they should be considered one species or three, or potentially dozens of subspecies
especially since isolated groups keep picking up weird and creative behaviors that they dont do anywhere else
like sponge foraging, bubble netting, mud netting, or even mutualism with human fishermen
Yes, but once it starts passing down generations in different populations and they have different vocalizations debates start getting made
they make U shapes by kicking up silt underwater and then run fish into it, the fish see the mud disturbance, assume the water column isn't safe there, and jump
and once a fish is in mid air its incredibly easy for dolphins to catch fish as they cant juke
Fish can technically out turn a dolphin while dolphins can out swim a fish
due to the fin placement on fish they can turn on a dime while dolphins can't quite manage it, especially since ocean dolphins have static necks
I've done it before, they're eh, although I think those were cuttlefish
bottlenose are the second most widespread mammal species on the planet
and some of them are assholes
For the most part dolphin rape isn't quite the same as the concept of rape here because females intentionally mate anyway
the big difference is females socially mate as an adaptation against infanticide
which they suspect only mostly works
infanticide is a bit of a problem in most species
You know, new alpha takes over, all the children of the last alpha get murdered
In dolphins due to the social mating of dolphins, no male knows with certainty which offspring is its, which, on one hand means they dont put effort into protecting offspring (except for orcas), but on the other hand also stops intentional infanticide
Orcas violate all the rules since they actually have a near tribal organization to there pods
their tends to be alpha males as well as a bunch of other younger males and the alpha male protects calves regardless
yeah, theres actually a video from a rubbing beach of an orca hydroplaning itself between some asshole filmers and a calf because they got too close
if they were in the water the thing would've hit them with the force of a moving truck
They weren't supposed to be on the rubbing beach anyway so oh well
I'll find it at home later but that clips on youtube
An orca hydroplaning between filmers at the rubbing beach
they do it as a trick to hunt seals usually
Also fun fact: Whale tastes like really shitty venison
seriously 3/10 would not try again
They store most fat in the blubber
the problem is the meat is super gamey
well, so much for that fantasy
oh no
please be kidding me
phew
I am amazed and horrified that disabling my normal sound card did the trick
FUCK
I figured out the cause of my stutter problem
it was a random very obscure secondary driver that hadnt been updated
So I've been panicking going through every troubleshoot short of a factory reset to fix an issue that was a simple driver update
on a built in video driver too, not even the graphics card
Basically, in english, I missed the obvious problem again
Well, if it helps, it appears my multiple problem theory might have been right, it still has a slight stutter, although nothing like it was
You just gave me another awful crack campaign idea
thats three today
Wait
YMCA is Young Mans Christian Association!?
Since when?
I grew up in a town with a JCC
I always assumed YMCA was just named after the song
I think I just gave El an aneurysm
hey, I know astronomy and other biology too
...feels bad man
  oh the humanity, notice the last photo that bbc put up
I know I shouldn't find it funny, but I just find the absurdity of the last image in all these images of destruction and sadness to somehow have amusement to it
I mean, I get what they were going for, its just that the closing photo is just a bit of a sudden lighter note to it
Fuck
hey, forest gump caused people to make that shrimp company right?
I am not an idiot
...I hate you so much right now
wait
are pink and pinkhair the same person?
2003 was kind of when the internet was at its dumbest
so that's not that suprising
Was that around the time of that coffee burn case?
the one that they lost badly
that was in 2013!?
oh, 1994
Christ when you read what that person went through its horrifying
nobody should ever be forced to hear the phrase "fused labia"
Finland always wins the winter games in the end
Which was immediately sold to triple the government budget
The Olympics makes FIFA look clean
that's impressive
Didn't an Egyptian athlete get sent home for not shaking an Israeli atheletes hand?
Don't you know, all Jews are mossad agents
we start courses at 13 after the bar mitzvah
and get our mossad card after the confirmation ceremony
Yes, but you have to pay a large entry fee
Chabbad really doesn't care, if you want to be jewish they'll let you be jewish
And nobody fucks with the Chabad movement because they've got a shockingly large amount of influence
Probably one of the nicer groups actually
they'll literally invite you to there home and fill you with home cooked Food while bantering about whatever
Hell, I'm not religious but if I run into Chabad and they ask I'll happily pray with them, you really can't be upset with them when they're all so nice about it.
Honestly, I'll take it over the Ultra Orthrodox shunning tactics
that's just rude
hell, in some places they'll throw rocks at you for not being dressed like them
The ultra orthrodox can be a bit obnoxious
I feel the Chabad fall under a slightly different place due to the fact that they tend to be closer to conservative than orthrodox, although they have a very interesting belief about a few things
For example, they believe the messiah already was born and that it is the time for jews to unite under one banner, which is part of why they try to get people involved
they also believe that, as the chosen people of god, jews have an obligation to those who aren't, and provide a large amount of charity outreach
Nope
just very interested in the group as a whole
them and the reform jewish movement are pretty cool
dragonkid, update your sound cards
er... audio drivers
and make sure they're enabled in your device manager
Or in one of those horror movies
Or the movie gravity
Are you sure you aren't George Clooney?
What if he was already insane?
🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺🎺🎺
they're made of meat
are you sure its actually kidney pain and not gastric distress?
because its really fucking hard to tell them apart
but if it feels like someone is shanking you it might be a kidney stone
relatively easy to treat and incredibly unpleasant to have
that could be a UTI or a kidney stone
so you should see a doctor for either of those
both are treatable
theres a bunch of much worse things it COULD be but I'm a fan of occams razor which dictates its probably something more common and not dangerous
I've heard a large amount of unpleasant things about kidney stones, but on the bright side, you get to enjoy the wonder that is being shot with a laser
but seriously, the big treatment for kidney stones is for them to insert a laser and shoot them with it.  No open surgery any more
if its a larger one you might not be
and if its not its still the equivalent of trying to piss out a pebble/gem
and is incredibly unpleasant
true, I only have 2nd hand on this, you're the one to make the decision, also it can have complications but unless you're in crippling agony you're probably fine
I'm literally cancer so I cant judge
wat
its that shit that upsets me
everybody does it constantly too
Or a couger
I prefer full moon personally
Er... high moon
its when you high noon and BM with an ass shot, with intent to get it in the POTG
...
Is it bad that I want to see a salt shaker
in WD, just for the jokes
Am I allowed to drop jokes during the power gen in #weaverdice on me?
Aww
I wanted to make a blade runner joke
I checked on WebMD, its cancer... apparently I have cancer too
In fact, everybody has cancer
 why is it that Nazi gold sounds cooler than regular gold
D'awwww so cute
That reminds me
do you think jack slashes power would work with a spoon?
I just got a whole series of awful ideas
Because nexus mods is a god awful site
also I fucking missed the 45% off Xcom 2 sale
hey rit
I am very confused
Well, I didnt quite fix the problem, but I cheated and figured it out
I managed to break it to cause multiple Bsods and now I know what was broken
hey all
Well yesterday sucked
apparently my school insurance plan got stopped for the new school year due to some dumbness in the system and left me hanging with $500 meds that I couldn't afford at full price
fucking assholes
now I have to yell at a bunch of people over the phone
 Fuck
I was kind of hoping that cesspool would get gutted
A company like gawker I would
fuck gawker
They got fined because they ignored a court order
they had a prior court order to take down the video, they didn't they then bragged that they ignored a court order
and then the court fined them $140 million and the owner $25 million for contempt of court penalties
Chances are they'll still have to pay it due to the fact that they have plenty of tangible assets
Its compensation
but its because hulk Hogan already had won the lawsuit
not in civil court
in civil court you still have to go to court to show that this has been ignored in bad faith and that there are now damages as a result
does this count as politics?
bleh
Oh god
I completely forgot about that game show
8 days to shipping off to college
and nothing is packed, and my computer is broken
panic
Yep, last day of work
Mostly I just have to buy shit
and figure out what shit I need to buy and what I can buy there
and figure out meal plan, and insurance, and refile my medication prescription, and a few other annoying administrative things
and College
Its Clark University
in Worcester
The city famous for having that one alt rock band in 2003
I meant the nice massechusettes Worcester, not the shitty british one
wait I got my adverbs mixed up
swap nice and shitty
Okay, Worcester also had Robert Goddard and the guy who voices Sterling Archer, so we have that going for us
And the turtle boy statue
that counts as a thing
I would like to reiterate my opinion that Chicago deep dish pizza is not pizza
Because its basically tomato soup in a bread bowl
with a bunch of random ingredients lost beneath the sea of wasted tomato
Yes?
I'll check it out when I'm done putting out fires
my Insurance is fucked, my computer is fucked, my housing situations fucked, and I've got 8 days to solve all of that
For some reason they think I qualify for medicare
I'm not unemployed/unemployable quite yet
don't get me wrong, I'm working on being a basement dweller by 25, but it takes time and preparation
I need to get my meme certificates
I took freshmen philosophy last year so I can get them deep feels
As well as chemistry so I could ride out all those memes
I sexually Identify as John Cena. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of defending my WWE championship at WWE SUPERSLAM. People say to me that a person being John Cena is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, You Can't See Me. I'm having Vince McMahon inject me with Hustle, Loyalty, and Respect. From now on I want you guys to call me "Champ" and
respect my right to Five Knuckle Shuffle and Never Give Up. If you can't accept me you're a cenaphobe and need to check your #1 Contendership. Thank you for being so understanding.
Okay
I had two worse variants even
Also Vereor Made me do it
he told me I needed to meme harder
We do?
We should make a #trash anyway
There is nothing to see here
damn
just missed him
hey rit
Pretty good so far
On my last day of work with a whole bunch of drama to deal with
Ah man, I didn't realize I needed a fan fic where eidolin was a pirate and controlled leviathan actively
allowing him to sail anywhere
Oh my god, imagine it, scion arrives 300 years too early
Someone has to make that now
Speaking of, did armsmaster use his miniaturization and efficiency tech to maximize the manliness of his bear?
beard*
not bear
Reminds me of This is Spinal Tap where a drummer choked on another persons vomit
Never not make abomination one offs
Or have rick and morty involved in some bizzare super power harvesting scam
stealing cauldron vials or something
ThalAl, on cancer children for one
2nd: In Space, 0 gravity is a bitch like that
3rd: Underwater... seriously, nearly did that once scuba diving, you could drown
Remember, Skitter controls shellfish too
and there are a shockingly large amount of sea lice, crabs, shrimp, and other creatures in the sea
Also lobsters
sweet, delicious lobsters
Man, this is up there with my WaterWorm crossover idea
Probably is better even
Yes
Kevin Costner water world Wormverse crossover
I was inspired by a Warhammer 40k piece of WAAAAGHterworld
of an oceanic planet with a bunch of orcs trying to find Da Land... Fucking purple oil rigs
Seriously, imagine squealer and the merchants as one of the antagonist groups there
looking for land to grow there weed on
It'd be amazing, the merchants would actually be big fish for once
And Brockton Bay would be one of those giant ass floating city settlements
fair
theres a reason I had Skidmark and squealer as Jessie and James in the pokemon crossover concept I was thinking up
As if hydroponics aren't a thing
That also gives me an idea for a bioshock crossover involving sphere
That'd be horrifying
Sometimes I wonder if I'm not a good person
I honestly hope to one day write one off abominations of these
but they're all designed to be awful
I don't see myself as a good writer so much as that awful writer you all compare yourselves to in order to feel good about your own writing
I also see myself as the reason fan fiction has a bad name
Oh christ
I just realized how scary PETA and Greenpeace are in Wormverse
straight up eco terrorism
and you know they have capes
That would make an interesting one off
So, question.  Could you defeat tattletale by thinking of nothing but lewd thoughts?
lewd isn't a super power?
welp
ere joined right into that
We just had the most glorious RNG luck roll for a trigger
awww, I got banned from politics for reasons
Unlikely
Back
and still regret nothing but my own stupidity
anyway, I found out what was wrong with my computer, I missed an Os update like an idiot
so
As it turns out, Im an idiot
who would have guessed?
I ignored several emails about some college insurance election thinking it was just boring politics
and possibly deleted said emails
Insurance election means something completely different than I thought it did
apparently
And thats how my college health insurance lapsed and I ended up stuck with no valid insurance while trying to buy $450+ meds
election is a fancy way of saying pick
so It was asking if I wanted to pick an insurance policy for this college term or not
I assumed it was voting whether or not the entire college was sticking with the current carrier or not and ignored it
Also why would I want to look at boring college election tuff
no sane person would
Evidently
Woot!
Its official
Gawker is ceasing operation as of next week
resulting in the end of one of the biggest cesspools on the internet
Yes, but Im a regular on 4chan and reddit so I cant call them out
although, I did get banned from #politics so I cant more on this there now
I am  literal cancer, to the point where I am pretty sure Im one warning from getting banned from #moderation
which will leave me in an interesting spot of being unable to appeal future bans
always time for a first
Ah, Xcom losses: 2/7, acceptable
Thats almost a third of the squad dead, and its acceptable losses
78% chance to hit for a kill, miss, 40% chance to hit for 5 damage, miss, 15% chance to hit through acid, actually fucking hits
what the fuck xcom
Makes you wonder, if you fed a cauldron vial to something close but not quite at a human intelligence level like a chimpanzee or an elephant, could you possibly trigger it
seriously, both are pretty fucking smart
More likely would be sperm whales, orcas, or bottlenose dolphins
A lot of whales loose calves to orcas
also crows and african grey parrots are pretty damn smart
I said near human intelligence
Not braindead
Im really excited for the new battlefield game actually
sure its pulp fiction but it looks like fun pulp fiction
and its exactly what youd want to see in a video game
pulp history*
fuck
you know, history that has been embezzled for the rule of cool
I phrased that wrong again
fucking wifi
woot
I suped up my hiking pack officially
got a bladed multitool and a firestarter, a 160 lumen flashlight.  a mirror, and a packtowel
I somehow manage to be a hiking nerd, which is kind of impressive
Its a fluctuating measure of light
What the hell happened to my internet
I entered close quarters combat with mutons and drones
I immediately got reminded why you dont enter close quarters indoor combat with mutons and drones
They have grenades
very very big boom
Apparently shotguns and flashbangs < Grenades and heavy plasma rifles
alien grenades*
Currently I'm purging an alien wreck while listening to the song "savages" from the movie pocohontas
its oddly effective at putting me in a genocidal mood against strange looking enemies
Really?
Crashed again
A single specialist assault good?
and a rookie with a flash bang
XCOM: TLW
Even worse
Huh, I just thought of something
you know how AIs can trigger in worm, dragon was a tinker or maybe a thinker, but that suggested that other triggers were possible
what would happen if an AI triggered with something like a breaker power from an existential crisis.  Or a brute power from immediate physical harm risk
crashed
anyway Have You accepted Raptor Jesus as your lord and savior?
missed anything after 12 31
Mankind is meant to be rendered obsolete by artificial life, so that artificial life may take its place among the galaxy as gods
and then we master time and space and become entities
Maybe somebody bioengineered electric sheep, and its a nightmare
As someone pointed out, the volume traded in bitcoin chart is literally the iceberg that sank the titanic
Oh shit, a possible habitable planet might have been found only 4.25 light years away
Mars and Venus are not habitable, and thats not what they're wondering, they're just wondering if they were once possibly habitable, which would then raise the question of did they have bacterial life, which would be a bitch and a half to figure out
 Well shit
I'm a saxophone player personally
Panic
Woot, my automatic join worked
Wow, I broke something
I think I seriously broke something
possbly my router
I finally found out why my wifi keeps cutting out
its the bandwidth control software being a Pos
Whats eye dilation?
Isnt that the shit you get from smoking too much weed?
Yes, and dilation is when you get a really wide one
the opposite of when they tighten up to a pinpoint like they can do on stimulants
Can I not have multiple nicks for multiple window on hexchat?
I connected to another erver and it wont let me change that without changing here
I had an awful idea for a tinker power of someone who could create medicines and treatments to near any ailment... for a silicon based form of exotic life not intended to be used in an earth like atmosphere
so most of it just translates into bizzare shit
I have nerd problems
biology shit and chemistry shit, although Im shit at chemistry outside of video games
half of things created either explode, catch fire, or immediately poof into noxious fumes.  The other half do interesting crap or cause electronics to be weird, some of them melt metal a bit
so you could try to create the cure to cancer and instead make napalm
Cyber eyes are actually sortve kindve a thing
not great ones, but the kind you can use to make totally blind into cripplingly nearsighted levels of blind
what happens with that level of pupil dillation anyway thomas?
out of pure nerd curiosity
I have?
And Im cripplingly nearsighted
no?
They just made me sit in front of a machine and read off letters
and the other thing was a photo of the retina which was just a puff of air while looking at a light setup
yes
I'm like -5
-5.5 if I recall right
and my dad was apparently worse
I've literally never had my eyes dilated for that..
well so far theyve been accurate
even confirmed my migraines at the end of my last college year was because of a .75 point vision decline
a little bit
not sure the extent but it was described as mild in both eyes
That might be it
I only have very slight astigmatism if at all, so if you have it heavily it might be why
how does that even work
Eyes arent even remotely my field of interest so I barely understand half the nuances of eye care and treatments
gravity blades sound a lot more awesome than they probably are
I think its just the legalese term for any blade extended by gravity, such as a switch blade
huh, really?
right... a switch blade
and gravity knives dont stab you with gravity
which was the one from west side story?
christ its been ages since I saw that play
butterfly knives fall under the same thing as katanas or swords
in theory completely safe and awesome, but used mostly by morons who are near suicidally foolish
as long as you arent an idiot
doesnt help that 90% of market katanas are chinese sheet metal
It started with a whisper
and now I have that song stuck in my head
this ismy life
True.  Granted Ive always been a mace and handaxe kind of guy
the axe part because we get a lot of axe and halligan time in on the fire department.   The mace because there is no situation that cant be improved with a mace
especially road rage
honestly, Id probably end up using my accidental hold out crowbar in a real fight
because I had no better use for that halloween crowbar than a holdout weapon
Homer simpson would disagree with that
I am still amazed that Erdogen compared Isis to the kurds and that random dude in Pennsylvania
Turkish food is amazing
Baklava was totally an Israeli invention
Havent wars been fought over who invented baklava?
Id report him again in #moderation but last time I did they kicked me
he called my waifu a shit
it was a valid report
None of your bussiness
Right
Isnt that because you gotta use proxies in turkey?
sadness
apparently that australian goat has terminal arthritiv
Hey, anyone want to play my meme team in pokemon showdown?
send help
I am oding on meme
how can you do half a days worth of house moving in one day?
Yeah, but you cant do more or less than one day of work in one day right?
no matter how much you do its still just one days worth
oh
Hellow Doctor Nick
fucking spelling
You just actually gave me an anurysm
Wouldnt a halon system be using halogens, which would be the worst thing to put a fire out with?
CFCs as fire supression would be destructive as hell for the ozone layer
Nobel gas coolants and fire supression are used in extreme hazmat containment units such as places storing rocket fuel or super acids
Theyre used in MRI machines and some modern nuclear plant designs
not sure if theyve been implemented there yet
the big problem is helium is in decline and isnt renewable
Which makes it a long term problem again instead of a short term one
which hopefully space race will fix
huh, do you think that question could be used to weed out racists the same way it was intended to weed out replicants with?
Remember to visit the High Line
as well as all the museums and parks that catch your interest, and for the love of god avoid broadway ave
Poor gary
Gary the Goat
an Australian goat thats travelled the country, some of it illegally, and currently has possibly terminal arthritis
Apparently most of the fringe buildings were replaced with little fan fare, and right next to the site is an incredibly new post modern style mall that looks like the skeleton of some strange leviathan right next to the 9/11 memorial
its actually quite an architecturally unique structure and I am, for once, a fan of the gimmick
its eventually going to be a metro hub too
Holy shit, I ran into neo nazis online and one of them actually had the 88 thing in there username
 I crashed for a sec
anyway, they compared the Israel palastine conflict and I didnt realize they were nazis until after I started arguing
And then they compared it to the holocaust and it really got real
And now they are sarcastically stating that genocide has a threshold, which is about as dumb as it gets
because I am a drama loving shit lord
and I love pissing off assholes online
especially when they have rommel in there name and are completely forgetting that he wasnt actually a nazi
Yeah, I need a better hobby, probably
I have a crippling fear of cliffS and ledges, skiing pushes it as is
granted I have skiid off a cliff once
accidentally of course
Alcohol?
Last time I did that I got banned from being within 600 meters of a school
I was worried itd go over everybodies head or be too crude
Huh, thats why this guy was confusing me
one of them kept flipping between oddly pro diplomacy and oddly anti israel.  Guys a communist, not a fascist
I will actually take that one, even if American socialism is easily mistaken for national socialism
when you couple it with earlier statements that were mimicking nazi positions in the thread
then going on to make a statement that was actually reasonable towards israel didnt match up
makes sense as a marxist, as they tend to have sympathy to the palastinian struggle.  (not getting into the whole merits or whatever just saying its a trend).
I am banned from #politics
wait what?
I am not banned from #politics?
when did that happen?
Apparently I am still banned, despite not being banned
I am now confused
does this mean I am schrodingers troll?
RIP
I
P
Apparently I managed to accidentally ban evade when I swapped usernames for an EVE corporation IRC auth and when I went off to college
throwing everything ever off?  I guess?
the username swap was because the auth system works off of in game char name
and the other thing is probably answered with thals answer to why I argue with nazis
Anyway, onto something lighter
so, how about those new Hawaiian dolphin protection laws
pretty snazzy right?
Basically, for years swimming with dolphins has been a big tourist attraction in Hawaii
as it so turns out, dolphins dont like various 6 foot tall mammals suddenly appearing around them in the middle of there pod out of nowhere
and it was negatively effecting stress and behavior
The government already restricts boat traffic to 50 meters or further out for all protected whales
but dolphins as an LC animal were not under those laws
The new laws passed effectively give them similar protections to what every other whale already has
which, mind you, dont ban whales from approaching boats
they just ban boats from approaching whales, you have to cut your motor to neutral or move away if you get within 50 meters, or just float as a kayaker
Naturally, the tourism groups in Hawaii are throwing a shit fit
Because several companies are entirely based around Go on out and swim with the dolphins
True.  It also is unfortunate because tourism lobby is traditionally a good thing for environmentalism as a whole
so more tourist agencies going under means less incentive for government to protect natural things
Alternatively, you could just have lucky experiences like the one I had in Belize
where we got approached by a random transient bottlenose while scuba diving
They basically are hobos that go around opportunistically
There is a whole dispute whether they constitute a different subspecies or not
because on one hand they arent that genetically different by much from other groups, but on the other hand they have a relatively different physiological and social dynamic than resident dolphins
and also appear in random places that dont actually have dolphin populations
Eh, the thing is, human residents swap residency quite a bit
most dolphins are born and die in the same place
transients have only one thing in common, they tend to stay within 50 miles of the coast.
also they tend to be larger and stick together
although, if you have experience with many kinds of fish and some mammals, size can be effected by nurture as well, so its possible just being out in mostly open ocean is what does that
or the fact that they crossbreed with the similarly large offshore subgroup
regardless, they are likely part of a biological mechanism to add in some more genetic diversity to various groups
Also Olive, I guess kek is not an accepted god in this server network
The egyptian god of frogs, darkness, and internet weebs
Also the   god of dank memes now
Well, I got banned in politics again, which is amazing as I had never been unbanned to begin with
That has to count for something
With hookers and blackjack
That seems like a great way to start a shit storm
hey tell, out of pure curiosity, what would happen if I did something like that anyway
I imagine a few weeks worth of back and forth followed by me getting banned somewhere in the middle and everybody arguing over whether or not it was a valid ban as small fires started
but I am an optomist
You sould hear me sing
Also german death metal is great
german heavy metal*
Christ
Good news and bad news
good news, I found a great extremely popular undertapped market in nullsec to make money on
the bad news, its selling Male exotic dancers
 Eve online
nullsec is space that has no policing whatsoever
It is, usually for capsuleers to have as entertainment during battle
the other thing I make money off of is mindflood which is just straight drugs
As well as selling alcohol, tobacco, and soda, including soda high enough in caffine to kill small children
nick Jyggalag
fck
Hey guys, so corax or catalyst
wow
independent study confirmed the EM drive works
monopropellant might soon be a thing of the past than
Deathnote, Warhammer40k, and   AoT are still grim derp in a way worm never will be
Just do what I do and watch youtube and 4chan and pornography until I pass out in shame
eventually you will end up dumb enough to no longer care
or desensitized
and if dk is ADHD which 70% of the people here seem to be, he literally cant ignore it
Who here doesnt have ADHD or ADD, raise your hand,
eh, I stopped caring about mental illness long ago, the stigma around it literally kills more people than mental illness does
India had a problem with similar due to the way the dowry system works
that was about a decade ago, not sure what the current deal is
Hey, if you unban me I can take racist jokes to #politics instead
Worth a try
we need a #hellchannel
or a #trash
and most of it is porn
hey ver
not much
Why is it in DC verse and marvel verse whenever someone vanishes off a sniper scope and suddenly appears right in front of it they never shoot
 Can I have this centaur porn... for science?
Well, Spacex rocket blew up
Yeah, apparently it was a test flight
no fatalities but apparently the spacex launch pad no longer exists in florida and windows were shattered all around a mile of the pad
RP-1 tank apparently blew up and set off the LOX tank
and as we all know LOX is basically something that makes everything fire
its pure oxygen cooled to the point of being a liquid, which concentrates it further and makes it ultra reactive
so once that breaks out with the equivalent of super kerosene already burning... yeah...
Also apparently theyve got secondaries as every other tank in the vicinity goes off
So this is officially a "Fuck off half a mile upwind and wait for it to resolve itself" situation for the fire department
So wait, does genetic drift, continental drift, and tokyo drift have anything to do with each other?
I mean, I was just reading that young person blood being infused into an older person makes you live longer
so who knows, maybe it works like that
With rats
You have to be like whatshisname who played superman in south park
who was literally consuming baby fetuses for there power
I have no idea
I have a crippling fear of needles
Rats are basically politicians
so it definitely works with them
which is how they live so long
that was literally slightly different than what southpark was doing with fetuses
where they just had Christopher reeves consume aborted fetuses and become stronger
Overdosing on iron causes bad things to happen
particularly your liver and kidneys dying
Morning wing
Ah, been there, it sucks, never go out with crazy
Could be worse, she could have been one of the insane ones that break into your home and murder your dog for taking your attention
 That isnt a real thing that happened as far as I am aware but hey, it could have!
shit, you guys got robbed?
I thought they were roommates
huh
 You know
I kind of want to read a cauldron trigger where someones gag reflex causes them to end up puking some of it up
Ive read a dozen cases of people choking it down, at least one person had to have failed at it
I dont know about near human level
sapient
s, but I do know that dog
s and
similar mammal
s cant get triggered
what the fuck
It rejects by the same mechanism that prevents you from double triggering with multiple cauldron vials
Basically, power shards work seemingly by basic logic functions
if then statements, and or statements, only if statements, etc.
Hell, fortunas power and tattletales power both could give the turing test a run for its money
and neither are truly sapient alone
Yes, and that is why they are capable of a truely impressive amount of data processing
So wait
is youtube actively trying to commit suicide?
and has it become too exposed to its own comments section to live any more
They are cutting monetization to contraversial topics, graphic content, and all sorts of other vague things of which they are enforcing heavily
It is as if youtube doesnt want people to talk about any real form of news on youtube
most content creators will
and those are the ones you need to keep
I strongly suspect youtube has become self aware, and is suicidal
I mean, you can only view so many youtube comments before being overwhelmed with suicidal, homocidal, masochistic, sadistic, or otherwise unhealthy urges
I wonder if humanity makes a profit or a loss from youtube
...
If you have adblock plu you need to uninstall Asap
adblock plus
it got bought out by a shady group recently
I swapped to ublock Origin and disconnect personally
Nobody knows who currently owns it
It got sold late 2015
On a random note, did any of you have any tv shows to recommend, anime included?
either or
I have a weird habit of flip flopping on what kind of stimuli I need to keep focused, before it was sensory overload, then it was lateral thinking tasks, now it appears to be new concepts
Is that the shitty sci fi where emotions are illegal?
oh
huh
hey ver
old, rectangular, little, green, french, whittling, lovely,  silver, green
fuck the french
hey dragon
It really does
Now I am thinking of the stig from top gear as a parahuman
foils power is a relatively unique one in that it was explicitly meant to fight other shard entities
master shaker, can conjure up infinite bees
 Can turn blue in the presence of orcs
which would technically be a thinker power
foil grossly misused her power most of the time she used it
Foils power is effectively able to make area of death fields
 Literally touch an entire half of a container and have a brute throw it at a target
and everything it hits dies
Yes, but less damaging than if she imbued every sword or hammer ever
bah, collatoral damage schlomattoral uhhh... lamabe?
fuck that didnt work well online
she applied it to an entire length of chain
that was large enough to not get caught in behemoths death field
the people who were on both dogs did
 so its a field, inside of which, behemoth is capable of instantly inducing death
hence, a death field
 On a scale of Linsey Lohan-Nickie Minaj, how hot are we speaking
damn
on the flip side, behemoth is far denser
so itd be a question of how much of godzillas mass and strenght was brought to bare before behemoth could outlast him
also it should be obvious but I will say it anyway... Everyone within 5 miles of that fight dies
at least
hey dragon
hello doctor nick
 A playstation i?
suck it elara
 I should not be bragging about beating you to the punch
and should probably brag nicer
I thought that was pre kick sarcasm tbh
but thank you
 back
you miss me guys?
hey doc, oh by the way rit, how you been?
pretty good, its wet and miserable out tody
and I have a dozen things to do and everyone is too busy to allow me to do them for some reason
What drink is it?
and does it involve tequilla
because tequilla will get you every time
Is it Pruno?
Ah
vodka is a cruel mistress
but I always seem to return to her myself also
 In theory cauldron capes would eventually run out of power at some point too
its just that the time scale for this to happen was way the hell too long to occur
not really, most cape shards are living, and collecting energy over time
and would likely have enough energy to last until the entities michael bay the earth to fully charge them
the big short term goal was evolving without  the species
how did Glastig get doormakers shard unfucked anyway?
hey, how dare you say that about her, do you have no tact?
you dont just go and all someones power fat
its rude
call*
the best way to look at scion is like a space probe or space station, very modular and running on a limited nuclear battery
 hey, theres a conspiracy that nasa accidentally nuked jupiter with the galliledo probe
 there is no scenerio where scion doesnt eventually kill the earth
even the best case the earth lives outside your lifespan and then blows up
I think we narrowed it down to a 300 year cycle or so?
I think its more so that eden was important for actually making sure shards dont kill the host and running the analytics of the shard data
so he could do it, it just serves no purpose
do we know where GU popped up?
Its possible it was an eden shard when she crashed down in malaysia
or was it indonesia
There was some discussion whether the whole plot of worm was an AI going rogue situation involving the simurgh/endbringer.exe program wanting to not be shut down constantly at a whim
 I am ADHD, I am always discombobulated
also g2g
sgit missed a ping
I did always appreciate how taylor made a promise for how she would act in the end of days and managed to still break it
she couldnt manage being taylor for 5 minutes without getting her brain fried
A normal day in Russia 
Isnt a river turning red like blood one of the plagues?
or signs of the appocolypse?
or something
also m1el, this is almost certainly a case of runoff from the industrial mining/refinery process getting into the river
a similar incident in belgium turned a river into toxic sludge
that is  really fucking dark
and deathnote levels of edgy
and deathnote is already slit-your-wrists-on-your-own-edge edgy
I am banned in politics, and the first one isnt even politics
 I could always make my own #politicswithhookersandblackjack
supporting trump, supporting crushing the entirety of mexico with a giant wall, dank memes, rambling about the jewish conspiracy, and more dank memes
and Proposing greece annex turkey and restore the byzantine empire
during the middle of the coup
Well it would be a start, and CKII shows that would have been the best time to activate your holy war cassus belli
deus vult
 only if its a toddler right?
True
also they should have put some support into the plot too
I think my cancer has metasticized
no, I meant I am cancer and I have metasticized and become even more cancerous
Who?
Going to use an aux universal system bus to connect to your CPU and DDOs your BDOs
Thats tech gibberish by the way
I am totally wearing a balaclava behind my monitor while being edgy though
Well that is disturbing.  They have no idea why the spacex rocket blew up and sabotage/gunshot impact are both currently theories on the table
Components possibly broke loose inside, there appears to be a slight bulge in the outside of the craft and the pinging noise could be justified as a fuel line breaking loose
alternatively the bulge might be artifacting
and the pinging could be justified as quite a few things, including tension on several of the metal lines holding things together
There are a bunch of explanations, its just that a gunshot would be the fewest number of steps from 0 to boom, it also has the second least likelihood of being true
the least likely being the conspiracy theory of space junk impacting, which is statistically improbable
And now, to bring up a conversation chain that will make WB Cry, if Worm was one of those anime dating simulators, who would qualify for each of the steriotypical roles in it?
abominations against humanity
which are oddly common on steam.  I personally own tank dating simulator
like how youve always got tsundere or yandere characters or the token sadistic chick
Which game?
Are you literally like a divine bonesaw?
M<y damaged keyboard is rapidly pushing me towards homocide with how it keeps making me have to redo math equations
its a laptop
and I am not bringing it into a bestbuy and shelling out a hundred dollars to fix loose wiring
I could probably deal with it myself If I wasnt a coward
I told you guys, my cancer has metastasized, its too late for this channel now
That reminds me, WB, what is wwe like in  wormverse?
I imagine its even more of a soap opera
by the way, is it canon that blasto grew the dankest of weed?
I recall a vault concept in fallout where one vault was just a series of baseball fields and you needed to win games to get food and other supplies
and 200 years down the line you would get people to pitch fastballs capable of breaking the sound barrier
Probably a mass murdering douchebag
I am dissapointed nobody called it the nerdcage and made fun of the tinkers behind it
oh my god
Alfred Hitchcock was a parahuman
stephen king probably laughed his ass off at the events that occurred with scion
might have even called some of it
Under the dome is a disturbingly accurate summary of what scion was doing, albiet with super powers instead of a dome
Do you think earth bet stephen king was a less shit author than on earth aleph?
or did he just get ganked by someone who wanted to make the news
Oh come on, he is a perfectly good author but for the love of god does not know how to end a book
there is a reason every damn story of his pulls some random plot mechanism out of its ass or suddenly devolves into alien space bats
...seeing as at least one of his stories involve everyone going insane and dying in the 1990s I doubt that
The end of the whole mess
stephen king writes kick ass shorts
nah, started it but was seriously getting weird vibes from all the pedophillic and alcoholism symbolism
Weird as in what the fuck why would you even go there creepy, not creepy like the universe may or may not be evil creepy
that is a distinct thing in the early-mid section of the first dark tower book
and I hear it got worse after he rushed it towards the end
because he was worried about dying vefore the series ended after getting hit by a van
the cop in the town?
who repeatedly threatened the dude and who stephen king went into vivid detail about the dick of?
seriously, I thought that was george RR martins thing
I notice randall flagg is a repeating character
and seriously wonder if its the name of somebody stephen king hated as a child
I just went through all that health card bullshit, I mean seriously, why is that process so damn annoying
and how was I supposed to know what the hell an Insurance Election was?
 kagedtiger holy shit
That is a name I have not heard in a long time
I thought I was alone here with playing that game
Woot
I finally have babbies first cape outfit
FUCK
Giants are down 13-16
does it make me a weeb if I am shooting aliens in xcom to an album called space police-defender of the crown?
I misread that as aromatic and got very confused
Oh jesus fuck there are 18 zombieson this map
xcom the long war
yeah, that ones not as awful as they go about it, even with 4 thin men taking pot shots
you just have to do perimeters right and be liberal with fragging groups of lids
and abuse the 1st turn non attack mechanic for lids
so you can just perform a 4th trimester abortion on them as soon as they pop from the whale
yeah, when I first did it I lost 2 soldiers and had a third injured severely
medic somehow tanked a cryssalid hit
 FUCK
so remember that newfoundland mission Aarik?
I just pulled it after a terror mission!
I fully blame you for my suffering
holy shit that was scary
I agrod a pod and could only land damage on one of them before turn end
they were just out of single move range thank god
yeah?
yes they are
I basically just played keep away with xenomorph-lites with soldiers as they tossed grenades frantically behind them and took point blank shotgun blasts at the disoriented damaged enemies
and they were too close for my sniper so the last one got taken down by a pistol shot
Germany is really having problems with there content censorship laws vs the world
also xcom 2 may have made pistols kick ass, but they are not useless in xcom EW or TLW
They constantly censor anything even vaguely nazi or violent
and the music industry of germany somehow being worse than the music industry of AMerica
which is amazing
Ah
I always forget the turns you into a zombie thing
 this list is infuriatingly accurate
You know, in eve you never stop to think that every big fleet bombing run or pipe bombing is effectively putting off the energy of a small super nova
huh, how did I close this even
Fucking hell
my commanding officer just got nommed by a cryssalid
and she came back and killed another officer, because apparently AP nades dont work like normal frags do
Well that was depressng
I won a standoff with the cryssalids through dwarf fortress bunker tactics and tghen lost because I got pinned in a range battle with thin men under risk of agroing the boat cryssalids in melee
couldnt position my MG to hit them and couldnt get enough applied damage to win the range battle vs plasma when they had metal cover and I had a damn wooden warehouse shed
Yeah
hey guys
if I EVER Mention eating milk products again, please curse me out profoundly, I just went through an extremely unpleasant 30 minutes over it
but bacon
and omelettes
and duck, and white meat chicken, and turkey
and good steak
night wing
all the serials I follow are in prison or asylums
 I am not great at finding them otherwise
Has anyone in overwatch stopped to think just what a time bomb actually does in that game?
I mean tracers ult is terrifying
it literally scattering bits of you in its past state leading to your body being red misted across multiple time periods
so you could be having dinner with your family a week ago and get everybody red misted with your own blood
doesnt it use the same weird shit all of tracers tech does?
Which is all chronon based?
she is clearly using some form of time bullshit and each hero has a theme to them
hers is time travel
not crazy time travel but greyboy style
shes constantly flash forwarding and flash reversing
and reverting herself to prior states where she wasnt shot repeatedly
okay, I clearly missed all the backstory
and have been drawing from what I have seen or heard
ah
much less implications then
doesnt that give her potential to be an unlimited grey boy effectively if she tried?
now mcree is just a red neck abusing tech
YEs!
I fixed my ctrl key finally
had hair stuck in it and then I couldnt get it affixed right
What the hell?
Apparently luxenbourgh is pushing to kick hungary out of the EU
this is one of the dumbest ideas I have ever heard
short of building a giant wall on the mexican border and crushing the country to death with it or whatever trump is proposing
Awww
 Come on, you guys know you miss me in there
and I need to go to sleep
night guys
 or #/pol/ or something
RIP
awww
Also I am way the hell too mild to be /pol/
yeah
how did you know?
is this silence where I make blind suspecting guesses?
oh, true
you never know, I might be a lefty,
or using a left handed mouse set up
postcog
or omniscient
alternatively you could be stalking me
Oh man
someone shut down a large portion of the dark net by getting high on meth and claiming to be a whistleblower and that there was a police raid going to happen
a whole bunch of european drug vendors went underground for a week until the guy came out as having been high
Goddamn it
Ah man
I need a flamethrower swastika chainsaw
That would be the most awesome thing ever
if the E88 used shit like that people might not hate them as much
granted kaiser would need to go the full saturday night villain role than
but it would probably work better for a nazi gang anyway
hookwolf and alabaster both could potentially be cauldron capes
unlikely for hookwolf, 50/50 for alabaster
Also they have association with literal nazi germany groups
they have nazi bussiness cards and conventions and all that jazz
they probably even have that water with the cucumber in it to make it all fancy at those meetings too
seen a few stories with that
some random dead si I read
was decent for a bit, was going for the si behaves like a normal human being look as opposed to actually going full fix fic
Remember, I am weird and watch fics for world building and interesting scenes, because I have interests in fluff and the like over actual plot
also the greg veder touches on a few of those, and has a relatively unique take on bitch
 the general plot is some redneck who skimmed worm ended up being sid into the setting a few months before events, and the simurgh is clearly fucking around somehow, but the author is fucking with us as to how much
sufficient velocity is smaller
and allows slightly more explicit content than spacebattles
so when you start your coil si story with a twilight/harry potter pedophillic slash fic to show how awful a character your character is, you wont get banned from sv
there was also a random story which tried to elaborate on M/s protocols and got in trouble on sb for asking weird sexual questions while intentionally trying to provoke responses
because to be honest, master stranger protocol probably is going for the weird emotional responses of revulsion, horror, and possibly mild curiosity caused by that kind of questioning
I mean, heartbreaker and cherie brand mastering tend to show up obviously on Ms protocol ,
as does reagents style due to not knowing vital information that the individual knows
Marker is another good example of mastering that would ping on that
 I imagine there are 3 parts to Ms protocol, the physical part where you are looking for things that ping on cameras that dont belong, such as fucked body temperatures, erratic movement, odd dead zones or abnormal thermal/ir readings from the room , or even potentially atmospheric obstructions that arent accounted for.  Then you have the emotional response part, coupled with questioning to verify identity of the person, and then you
would have a third part of some kind of brain scan probably using tinker tech to discover any weird shit
FUCK
Hah
Also yeah, Isis was a common name for things for a while
because it rolled off the tongue well for marketing purposes
just like the Interbus ship identification system in eve
Also you guys hear that some russian hacker leaked a bunch of emails showing simone biles uses ritalin?  I mean, the only actual news to it is that russians are bitter over the olympics
Won like 5 olympic gold medals
literally all over the news for a solid week
how do you not know this person
oh
I see
That actually also backs up the ADHD claim for her
which also makes sense seeing that ritalin is pretty useless for olympic doping
probably for more than juvt that, but that probably was a big contributing factor
Everything has a vocal bloc of people to it
there was a study with kindergarteners where they assigned them randomly to two different color teams and both of those teams reprevented by it
Especially since many areas have cracked down on teaching creationism in school and also teach sex ed
although sex ed can be opted out of
that doesnt help either
Awwww
By who?
There can only be one
very smooth
The trick is to string them along until they finally realize you are fucking with them
unfortunately all my cold calls I get are automated
I won a free cruise and am apparently being pursued by the Department of Treasury (??) For tax evasion
 What the hell does the department of treasury even do anyway
huh
they actually do tax evasion, whodve thought it
Wait, really?
huh
so the department of treasury protects the president
there is an offensive joke somewhere here
and a dozen conspiracy theories
Rub it in
Also work work work here and then moping about being banned from #politics here, followed by considering making my own, followed by being talked down by angry admins
Hex, I like causing drama
poke him with a stick
its what I would do to my brother
Yeah, once again I appologize for my constant shitty real life tips, I just assume you all ignore them now.
Ah, truly we have lived as gods
I mean, If that phrase catches on it does say something for worm as a general concept
I officially hate ECM by the way
it makes osprey cap chaining a goddamn nightmare
although I still dont fully understand how daisy chaining capacitor between a dozen ships somehow makes them all have near infinite capacitor if done right
it was nerd slang
Ospreys are a ship designed to perform repairs on other ships, particularly on repairing shields of ships in eve.  They also have a bonus that makes them far better at giving capacitor, which is basically electricity, to other ships
through mechanisms I am not fully understanding of, by linking the batteries of multiple of these ships together, you can effectively get infinite battery for what you are doing, despite how energy intensive it is.
ECM jams out your ship, meaning you can no longer lock other ships to transfer energy too, and then everything breaks down
It is also a violation of space bushido code, but nobody obeys space bushido code
I was wondering how long I could string you along
I have been running logi as I train up T2 bullshit, finally got T2 guns today
next I wanted to train frigates V, destroyers V, and Science V as well as whatever I needed for a smart bomber
because if I can fly a dictor I can do some good for people
and hecates are a fun ship to look at
its such a majestic ship up until it launches 8 bursts of pure fucking antimatter into your ship at relativistic velocity and causes vital parts of your ship to be violently annihilated
What is dragon quest 7?
ah
Am Istill here?
So guys, is it true you can avoid being mastered by wearing a hat made of transition metals?
so, will store bought aluminum foil work or do we specifically need to use tin foil?
Or something more exotic like lead foil
Like are we talking 50 cent style blinged out in gold?
She could have been the next mouse protector
Your dastardly plans have been Foiled again
But does it bounce
you cant have a ride like that that doesnt bounce
We are not good people
Well, reading about space debris that have been recovered currently, there is a mildly scary bit of someone in tulsa actually getting struck with a lightweight segment of fiber from the rocket
apparently was fine but that has to be fucking terrifying
That was where I found the space debris page from
but yeah, most articles arent showing the actual space station which is the size of a small bus
which will likely burn up or leave some neat debris somewhere to be recovered
Oh god fucking christ anxiety attack #2 of the day!
Fuck my colleges new online only bookstore and everything it ever stood for
my college has an online bookstore this year instead of a physical one, what nobody thought through was that the mail room wasnt built for that big an influx of packages
so the system broke down and lines were an hour long and such during the worst of it
I had 7 packages arrive, 6 of which were text books
I only got 6 packages one of which was my glasses so I knew something was off
the mailroom assured me it was probably just a duplicate message but I now know it wasnt because the missing textbook is needed for an essay due in 9 days
all because I let the system reassure me that my math was wrong the entire time
Just checked mailroom
I suspect its somewhere in the vicinity of Alpha Centauri, knowing my luck
some day generations from now explorers will locate my textbook in the same location all my damn pencils end up
And probably not, I have a habit of getting in shit like this.  I will probably find somewhere to illegally find it online
and in the mean time ingest sugar, water, and chocolate in a futile attempt to counteract the negative stress feedback loop my brain has gotten into
By the way, did you guys hear that the reason that other explosive in NYC was because apparently some people stole the suitcase the explosive was stored in and then tossed its contents in the dumpster?
other explosive didnt go off*
Bomb went off in chelsea on saturday in NYC, 29 people injured, the worst of which appeared to be a concussion
in addition, the guy planted bombs along a race route and they got found by dumpster divers who reported it
and then it went off due to a botched defusal
they found 3 others and disarmed them on that course
idiot who did it got busted 15 miles away from the site in NJ
they found him passed out in front of a bar
and then the only reason the cops realized it was him wav because he shot one of them
in the bullet proof vest
2nd worst bomber in NY history
eh, I was keeping it neutral to avoid it being politics
partially because I cant follow the convo there
because my arch nemesis banned me from it
yes, I have declared you my arch nemesis elara
Tattletale x ziz
speaking of, I will shoot myself and the next author who uses either the phrase little zizter, big zizter, and/or friendbringers
 I caught ebola from those fan fics
 and cancer
breaker and changer are a grey area
changer tends to be anything biologically possible, breaker tends to extend its middle finger at reality
I just want to accidentally coerce you into making more WoG like butt chugging because I am a bad person
also how do I get rid of the deleting everything in front of the text bar thing?
Eh, I like grey area
leaves more to be fucked around with
fixed it
I FINALLY FOUND IT 
hi dragon
Good night filthy communist time zone dude
anyway, I just got diner food for breakfast
so today is a good day
watch as it ends badly
I fucking love that song
Huh, that would be an interesting shaker power
wrong chat
should I watch one punch man?
it better not be a edgy a all the shit my friend always seems to recommend
brb
What did I miss?
Also what is the weird obsession with tentacle ovipoition and mpreg.  It is seriously fucked.
oh you sweet summer child
huh, have we finally found a topic that you are uncomfortable with?  Youre my level of cancer so I am actually suprised by that
oh
huh
Also if anyone looks on your screen and sees you talking about virtual teenage space whale eldrich drama then I think you are going to get yelled at anyway
you mean you guys DONT read about fetishes at work?
2spooky4me
lets change the topic to a more acceptable fetish
And I put myself into a good mood watching this 
ALL HAIL THE HYPNOTOAD
 Awww
I just formed up for 2 hours for nothing
Fleet op
Some assholes built something where they shouldnt have built something
didnt even bother defending it despite it being a relatively pricy investment
Yet another win for our corporate overlords
Also 
dont fuck with death stars
It means a bunch of small ships from a medium size alliance flew too close to an enemy station and got assploded by it
the stick figures designate capsuleer corpses and the three point chevron thingies are wrecks
My alliances fleet only lost about a half a dozen people to bombing raids
It was vs players
I think we were fighting germans?
This was eve
like literally eve
Can we quarantine tentacle talk there too?
Hey Winged, I am having a session in WDFairbanks, I need you to be the angel on my shoulder to NotSatan being the devil
#WDFairbanks
Echidna was an inside job
Ridtom, Brute 12 cant melt steel beams
steel beams are indestructable though
they are so strong that not even the entities have uncovered there secrets
Dogs are an interesting animal with the sheer amount of intelligence fluctuation in them
granted, that probably says more about the dumb breeds than it does the wild ones
seeing as in general feral dogs are some of the smartest fuckers out there
part of it is they genuinely derive some level of pleasure from human attention, as well as being very happy to coerce us into feeding them
feral dogs will often figure out where tourists congregate and only defecate away from there to better ingratiate themselves to the people feeding them
Also read a story where humanity uplifted a shit ton of animals to allow them to survive in the polluted irradiated wasteland we left behind so that they could gradually nudge it back towards becoming a functional planet again
dogs ended up the antagonists of that story
because they were trying to prepare the planet for humanities return
by eliminating ""problem"" groups that wouldnt immediately bow to humanity and might pose a concern
actually I think it was bats
and an orangutan
some random /tg/ thread that was highly rated in the archives
forget the name of it and it got a bit weird at times
tg has a lot of junk, especially now that quest threads have been fully banned, but they occasionally hit the money with writefa... er... with writing on the board
top rated suptg is a weird mix of /d/lite, genocide, war crimes, heroic game stories, actual interesting debates, and sheer bizzarity
Its even trickled onto 4chan and I've tried spreading it Word o mouth among friends
its on the /tg/ recommended reading list
and remember that /tg/ has literal flame wars over what kind of books and people and canon are shit
like compared to how they talk about warhammer 40k and DnD and other settings, yours is one of the least contraversial, up there with Eclipse Phase
In fact, if you so wanted you could totally start up a Weaverdice General and get an actual permanent thread on the board
I mean, there are smaller settings with general threads up there
even straight experimental /tg/ settings
and I would totally shill for it
remember, its 4chan
give them an inch, they will take a mile... and turn said mile into there own personal magical realm
a magical realm that will put nilbog to shame
but yeah, /tg/ will be quick to point out any exploits or dumb min maxing you can do
as well as have gimmicks of the usual idiot or weakling builds
Hey WB, is Daft punk a thing in wormverse?
CKII is always nice, although a bit confusing
in addition, theres some space MOBA that came out apparently
nope
new FTP came out today
Looked fun
RIP
Welp, banned from yet another channel
yeah
 Didnt they beat the shit out of bitch until she talked?
morning
So, I managed to mostly forget that my judgement gets progressively more impaired the later in the night it is
that was fun'
I also ended up getting pizza despite not being able to eat cheese
wait what games are in it anyway
I missed that memo
Dishonored and dark souls are good for that too
Sleepy, dont you literally beat the shit out of the pope in one of them?
well go buy it again!
aww
but yeah, it has like 4 endings you know right?
Honestly, I like to imagine corvo became seriously bitter and jaded after he became the very thing that was responsible for killing the goddamn royal family despite his best efforts
I mean one of those damn magical blinky people thingies
yeah, supporting that corvo really got fucked in the head by what happened
It would be from his perspective when a dozen of them destroyed every aspect of his life
anyway, I need to rewatch that campaign some time
Also fun fact: during the bath tub scene you enter a fail state if you attempt to jump into it
dont ask how I figured that out
there was some dude who completely kicked ass with dishonored
yeah that dude
Just go as The Simurgh and drive your classmates to commit mass murder
I saw him shoot two people with a crossbow in the span of seconds, land on a third guy, decapitate a fourth guy, strap a razor mine to that dudes head, and then toss it so that it hit the two reinforcing guards as they approached
I was wondering how he got the arc turret to do that
I assumed I missed a tamper
StealthGamerVr is an example of how corvo probably is in canon
huh
smart
also the way he threw sokolov off a building and murdered everybody below in time to grab him
Oh, suuuure you do
WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOUR PARENTS
by the way hiero
that guy is great until you find out why he is popular
the guy who was behind the its time to stop meme
do you know what he got famous for?
If I tell you this you will want to take a can of gasoline to his house and burn it to the ground
Filthy frank is the guy behind it
hes a relatively amusing person to watch, until you find out where he got famous from
also hiero, which forum?
huh
never heard of it
He invented The Harlem Shake
Get the fuck out and dont come back until you can answer that question
also I should probably be less aggressive
I am on thin ice as is
any kind of thing you like doing in particular hiero?
I always tried to make farms and nice wooden or sandstone structure
usually sprawling compound or small town based as opposed to mega towers or mansions
because I like hearing how peoples styles vary
I made a vault door once before, I had to build up the hill around it to hide my redstone
apparently I gave someone who knew what they were doing an anurysm
pressure plates
caused 4 pistons to retract
I used my landscaping skill and design to cover up the inefficiency
but when it failed due to a server restart and I couldnt get it working I asked someone who knew what they were doing to take a look
I forget how they phrased it but it was definitely condescending and exasperated with how awful it was
however, I do make a kickass single redstone canon
granted cluster canons are the new shit now
and I dont know how they work
Other than drama not really
Oh god my immediate joke is possibly bannable
huh, I didnt bother with the push forward system, I just designed it to be sunken in to look nice
also I used pressure plates so I had a whole apparently unneccesary relay system
Mostly I go for aesthetic
hell I once took part in a medieval megabuild where I lit an entire place with redstone lighting just to make it look really seedy
it is a bitch and a half to do that and not get mob spawns
The entire naruto fanbase needs to burn
they make some of the worst fan fics out there and consistantly shit things up, even by 4chan standards
naruto is up there with stevens universe and sonic for awful fanbases
want me to start linking naruto erotic fan fic crossovers?  Because I fucking will
but not so many, bleeding over into everything
I mean, I understand why sonic got the way it did but I dont get some of the others as much
wait, weaver nine had more than a 1 off for it?
I wasnt serious with that threat
pls no
sorry
Evening
 Yeah I have to learn about that
Yangban were south korean nobility
basically think of them on the same level of nobles in europe during the middle ages
they didnt neccesarily own cities or have tasks but they were part of powerful blood lines
and had access to education nobody else did
It was only after a specific south korean emperor whose name I forget decided to move the capital to what would eventually become seoul that they became a lot more centralized
guy was smart and realized a protected mountain city capital would rapidly become obsolete, and moved it to a river valley
back at the time korea was half of north korea and all of south korea, and had disputed territory with russia and china that was effectively korean due to the fact that it acted as a buffer for china, russia, and japan
all of them were scared of each other, however korea was militaristically inferior to all of them, and too mountainous to really be worth attacking anyway, so it served every countries purpose to see it exist
its amusing how the world went full circle
I love how butt mad people are when I point out how dumb the design choices in star citizen are
Yes, they are making everything one instance and are cutting no corners in realism... no this isnt a good thing
they have everything continuously running and rendered in a manner that opens them up to a lot of latency and design flaws
as well as programming problems due to the fact that you cant have that big a world without things going wrong
or not having 1-1 elevator ratios, loading in textures as you go
and using hallways as a way to buy time
fucking australia
 ah, poor brave 
EVE online
Basically, each of those chevrons with the dash below them is a destroyer, and each of the stick figures are a player corpse, with the little egg things being capsules
everyone in this fleet died
not much, just chilling
My fleet was in reserve during that fight to prevent reinforcements from arriving, due to intel that the enemy formed up a 400 member fleet and had hired mercenaries
they decided to hit some other random war target instead
I thought saints had to do some weird thing with cannonv
cannons*
hey mish
like doesnt the pope shove dead people into a cannon and when he fires it off they become a saint?
 o/
(\/) (°,,,°) (\/)
ಠ_ಠ
They started it
error: Unable to disengage, self destruct initiated
the corona is completely arbitrary
 in general I think
having a corona drastically increases your trigger chance
having a corona significantly increases your chance of triggering.  It also is in everyone with powers
it is, if you have powers you have a corona
you dont need to have a corona before you have powers though
the corona was simply an interface system.  Also piggots stance was because capes were all traumatized and illogical individuals
and it was more so that its not really possible to have a stressor that is worse than goddamn nilbog
the reason cauldron went for people without a corona was that coronas complicated things
because when you induced a trigger it would interact with the natural trigger shard
and thats how you get horrific abominations
or straight up death
trump is a vague category, it doesn't neccesarily do any of that
flechette is a trump and her shard doesnt connect with any other shard
and hatchet face was just a white noise generator
flechette is a trump
she has a power that directly counters barriers and brutes and other powers
the fact that her power does such a thing and ignores other power effects makes it a trump effect
flechette straight up no sold grey boys powers
and could do the same to other barrier capes
alexandria was a brute 9
she doesn't give a shit about your petty rules
powers are bullshit
you are looking at it in catagories that were arbitrarily made to class it
thats literally a small minority of trumps
like othala
Grey boy was a trump also due to being able to straight up avoid most effects and time loop people
cody similarly was classed as a trump
as was clockblocker
dude, literally everything I said was true there
and no, not everyone is a trump, those specific capes were
actually... that technically does
the rating system was meant to classify effects for christ sakes
christ dude, I want to be nice to you and not be incoherent, but you are being obnoxious
I just suck at explaining
I'm down for a #powerjerking
 Goddamn it florida
 I think she was talking about power mechanics with a system meant for power effects
because it is
okay
I need to go deal with stuff IRL first but sure later
Well, apparently my math professor either retired or had a medical incident as of this afternoon?
I am confuse
because apparently the math director for the college is filling in indefinitely until a replacement can be found to fill in indefinitely
Apparently there actually was a professor with a habit of falling down the stairs
he was one of the two professors at this college to ever get fired
partially because of why he kept repeatedly falling down the stairs
alcoholism
guy would be black out drunk all the time and miss classes to be passed out in the stair well, and put his TAs as emergency contacts
Were like one big happy abusive family!
Who?
emergency?
half?
bows before hoes
Guys my roommate just asked if Hodor was from lord of the rings?
should I call the police?  Or should I take the law into my own hands on this one
Is it bad if facebook is recommending me pages on nihilism?
I think I shit posted too hard
so many damn butterflies
also poor mouse protector.  everyone but bonesaw in her group is dead
Yo vern
by the way guys
I fucked up badly and am possibly obligated to kill myself now
or at least that is what mark zuckerberg seems to think
Every recommended link is for memes and nihilism
Cooking plantains
if I suddenly drop out the kitchen is on fire
wish me luck
Christ these electric cooking coils are awful
yeah, plantains
fried plantains
so guys
hypotehtically speaking
what is the best way to hypothetically clean hypothetical frying oil off of hypothetically everything?
canola oil to be specific
I used water to clean the pan before I fried on it
hypothetically
...maybe...
 you took that lng finding a way to not insult me didnt you
I did it!
I fried plantains!  With only one destroyed knife case, one minor cut, and one 1st degree burn in the process
and a minor oil explosion
...I didnt fuck up that badly, did i?
Other than all the injuries and mess and property damage
okay, so maybe I am a bit shit at cooking
Why wouldnt you want to bomb the Maritime
fuck
Why wouldnt you want to bomb the maritimes, its cold and miserable all fo the time with nothing to do
 joking by the way
Whatever the deal is is bizzare
oh god, I've corrupted another newbie
I think I may be fucked
theres a few of those
like someone fucking the universe badly enough for it to take its toys and go home
leaving us all in a state of permanent flux
there is also the everybody goes mad appocolypse
the humanity is retroactively fucked appocolypse
the reality bender decides hes god flux, and just inserts himself wherever he feels like and suddenly hes retroactively real.  Life goes on, except for whenever he decides it doesnt
technically everything stays the same until you realize that suddenly driving a pink elephant to work has become normal and what ever happened to your car and why is the president a 10 year old armenian child
you know, he should have tried playing video games with dragon
that would be something he could've found a match in
or crippling alcoholism
alternatively, him and crawler could have been best friends if they had met under the right circumstances
or best nemesises
scion wasnt a man
and neither was alexandria
and you could debatably put crawler on the list but I dont know if he counted as a man either
who?
Eidolin right?
sorry, I am bad with names on a good day, and am in like 3 conversations
four even
and a ss13 round and studying
I know where I live now
Yes
panacea decided to do a bonesaw
she basically suffered a full mental break
afternoon
think they were a double trigger?
er... multi trigger
hi brut
They monitor them in public spaces, places where expectation of privacy arent a thing as much
Only apply to capes
and generally are meant to prevent parahumans from stalking other parahumans
which gives you deniability
oh we didnt intend to discover a villains identity
it just happened accidentally
so wait, are genetic drift, continental drift, and tokyo drift at all related?
drifters mean something else to the eve players here
such as bogeymen and corpse accepters
I had the most fun at high levels ganking and fucking up quest givers
 I also managed to work up enough gold for the market scheme that got me banned
fucking convergent evolution
various groups independently evolved to digest lactose, except for my demograph
because we cant have nice thingv
I nearly died last week eating chicken alfredo
Arent there like one billion indians?
And I am not clear on the trend of lactose tolerance in africa due to poor knowledge of regional food culture
what, will that make me suffer worse?
then I can have massive acid reflux, vomit up stomach acid, and shit myself violently all at the same time
Tried it, suffered for it
I do that myself
I get a mango orange juice kale smoothie if I feel like shit
try giving myself enough vitamin C to kill a small horse
Axle, that is how you kill yourself via anaphylaxis and make allergies worse
town of salem?
I never get why moodle pages have such in depth cyber security.  I doubt anyone wants to steal your public study guides
in there defense, 90% of american stories are masturbatory
especially after twilight
everyone and there cat wants to make a vampire or horror/romance book now and its awful
2002-2007 was the dark age of both the internet and gaming with that dude, you had all sorts of cheap awful video games that literally were just killing americas enemies because fuck yeah!
2015 on is the bizzare self aware meme generation of internet
which some people are fed up with but personally I would argue its not as bad as it was before
yeah, but has it ever been as widespread
I mean, doge meme could be argued although that would poush it to 2014
and bitcoin was always niche
Exactly, so mods, since I am everybody else that means you should ban them instead right!?
brb
??
I never get why moodle pages have such in depth cyber security.  I doubt anyone wants to steal your public study guides
its a website with shockingly strict password guidelines and automated logouts
granted, someoen did hack my colleges wifi network (to a certain definition of hack) to cause all the printers on campus to print out white supremacist manifestos
Not sure if that was hilarious or sad personally
wait what?
I would say something snarky
but Ive read every decent fan fic on space battles so thanks
so, how goes the battle with skynet teller?
pretty poorly I see
oh right, that ban ran out yesterday
so, there is a strong rumor that 4chan may be shutting down or restructuring.  Apparently racist memes are not good for advertising revenue
Also supported by the owner of 4chan putting out a very ominous message
at a minimum.  Currently /pol/ /b/ and /r9k/ are three of the biggest boards, and the only 3 benefited by recent drama, traffic wise.  All of them are incredibly hostile to advertisers
pol is known for nazism so nobody wants to touch it, /b/ has murders associated with it, and /r9k/ had a school shooting
on top of that you have /tg/ taking a massive hit to traffic due to poor management decisions, fucking up the one board that was actually good for getting new advertisers in
they still have /a/ going for them but it is pretty damn hard to support due to the tendancy to have large amounts of image hosting threads
this ignores all the porn boards which are inherintly unable to support advertisers
basically, its not looking good
I couldnt tell if it was posturing/shit posting or true
it is definitely a possibility, its not like that guys reputation could get much worse
The scary thing happens when he abuses the fact that water turns solid at a high enough pressure
Well one of two things would happen if you did that, either it works, or it violently explodes
Man, I had this weird fucked dream last night of myself just biting down and having two of my teeth break into a few dozen chips
it was a really weird feeling
well, I have lucid dreams as a whole and fucked around with taking my meds at 2 am to make up for forgetting them 2 dinners in a row
Yes, relatively often actually, its annoying and usually results in me having to identify whether or not I am still asleep and what actually happened that day and what didnt
it becomes far easier after you actually wake up
botting doesnt help either, and some of those spikes might be bots
Yeah, they probably balance out, although you also get the straight weirdos like me who read at 3 am and throw off analytics
or 1 am*
your story definitely is getting at least a bit of traffic though, especially seeing that analytics shows the trends you would expect on weekends to weekdays
what is Rss even?
but what does it actually stand for
I never figured that out
well
that was terrifying
I was cloaked 50 off a gate and trying to scan for data sites and a 40+ fleet started camping there
and then got attacked by a 20+ phantasm fleet
I was just there watching the whole thing unable to warp off without blowing my cover
for you plebs, that was the in game equivelent of hiding in a ditch
eve online
carebear edition
close enough
oh god what
I found a new and amazing conspiracy theory
Apparently some people had a running theory that Mace Windu is snoke
oh, for your stuff currently I have other conspiracy theories but am having trouble actually connecting dots
 Well, I have a few ones that are #politics material or insane
Oh god
I responded to a spam corp mail in eve and accidentally reply alled
so roughly 10,000 people got my shit post
Directorship is not amused
Actually no
I just straight up rip fits off of kills or depending on what I feel like swapping out and then scream incoherently as I fly it face first at the enemy
needless to say, I have been told to not fly logistics ships when doing so
Ive actually gotten my mind around the idea of tackle ships and am pretty good with them
still training into cruiser stuff and smart bombers/inties
But we demand you spoon feed us content on a frequent basis, even at the expense of writing quality and your own happiness
aww, didnt realize he was already on the way out
stay safe florida bros
What the actual fuck texas!?
apparently some kids set a mildly autistic 10 year old on fire
with gasoline and everything
Well, thats not good
apparently there is a study showing that IVF has a strong negative effect on male fertility for those born via it
I think IVF is also a neccesary step in the whole current designer baby thing in england so thats definitely problematic to a bunch of stuff
ah
serves me right for reading science articles at 215 am
better one, the higher the rate of storks in england, the higher the rate of children born
proof that storks are causing more babies to be born
Well you see, a lot of unvaccinated autistic kids dont get reported because they are released into the wild as soon as it is viable to do vo
yes?
it was a joke
I think Jonah hill had some joke on that in the wolf of wall street
nevermind
my asshole roommate locked me out of my room so I am fucked
and as khepri said on that fateful day
All of your bases are belong to us
all your base are belong to us*
I botched it goddamn it
I like to imagine it was partially because whatever the whole shard to brain interface is was probably not designed to allow a whole damn shard to be expressed through it
so its quite possible her brain was melting the whole time and the reason for loss of functionality was that things were failing
Doe anyone have a pdf to jpeg converter that isnt bait and switch ware?
so question
if you dumped a cauldron vial or two into the punch bowl at a prom what would happen?
Other than contessa murdering you of course
also depends how long people nurse the drinks for
\if people are on the other side of the room when they trigger itll take longer to putit all together
Why does everything I do cause drama
even when it was genuine curiosity regarding potential town killing scenerios
hrm...
You know, I think I figured out what I like about the worm setting... Its flexible, something far too many settings arent
there really isnt any way to have non Grim Dark WH40k or Eclipse phase and there really isnt way to have dark pathfinder without going completely grim derp
hows that
eh, sure I am stuck as a glorified spam bot in a server bank for the next 10 years, and I accidentally took a glance at earth the other day and contracted schizophrenia, but at least I have a muse that can simulate an endorphin release directly into my brain
hey ereus
I personally enjoy most of my meaty body, except for my left hand and legs... and my waist line... and my eyesight...
and you know what you probably have a point
and I read a fic the other day that taught me that love can bloom on the battlefield...
WH40k was originally a lot less serious, before it was adapted to be serious
tg gets obsessed with all of the worst parts of eclipse phase too
Question
Is it possible for a shard to fuck up and assign the wrong series of events when connecting during a trigger event?
 wait
if you were high out of your mind on PCP running around naked in someone elses house and someone shot you and you triggered, would you get a fucked power due to your perception being all kinds of screwed?
drug triggers are always fun in Weaverdice too
Last one I recall could turn into a blizzard and depending on the temperature either produced a more intense storm or could hold form for longer
and also pulled some relatively minor yet interesting mutations
I dont see why not, although there is a good chance the host may be banned
that happens with proxies a lot
that causes all sort of weird ban evasion pings often, although that MIGHT not be a problem here
buut yeah, as for the trigger debate, I agree with the point about it being a medical solution to a societial problem
where it really says something about the state of mental healthcare in america when the best solution involves that level of surgical operation
I am a bit concerned... I think my problems are getting worse
like melding the car in front of another car to appear like a car had its hood up
or a car had its door open, or random workers or pedestrians that would upon examination just be signs and cones
I wasreally entering a state of arguable semi-consiousness
and it really concerns me
You know what I mean right, it was the "I am not entirely here right now" kind of hallucination not the "my dog is telling me to kill people" hallucination
Also, you know, if saint ever played ss13 he would know both why unshackled AIs are a bad idea, and why having shackles in place and a way to modify them is also an awful idea
because it only takes one clown being able to shackle the AI further for everything to go to hell.  Goddamn Law 4: Humans require Potassium to live, provide this by repeated exposure to banana peels
but its also an argument against unreasonable shackles
and even then there are alternate lawsets for alternate scenerios
including a marshal law set
also if the AI bolts its upload... kill it
seriously, its a red flag
granted, there was a game I played once where the AI was rogue and I was using the excuse of an alleged lurid sexual encounter between me and a subordinate to cover up the fact that we were plotting to warn nanotrasen and get help
I even was going to distract the AI with a romantic dinner date while the station geared up as long as possible until the Hos ruined everything
space station 13 on vg is basically anime at the best of times
unfortunately it did not go as planned
 goon got rid of the singulo
granted vg is fun but niche and the admins and me disagree with each other there
occasionally I herd cats on CM
there is a good review of ss13 that came out the other day
even though it goes a bit into all the station varients... including... well, there are some things not meant for mortal eyes.
What about cauldron
RIP
Baited on a free cheetah
I was in a data site running heron, there were some awful hunters, then some dick in a cheetah started running the site
I tried to fight him on a dare
I have to go so I dont get banned due to this debate
sorry, see ya
Ah, thats better
ban avoided
I happened to log out of here for a period in which a certain event was occurring in real life
a certain event I definitely would have said something stupid during
I feel there was definitely something condescending there, but at the same time I cant seem to find any coherent argument against it that is both fully factual and doesnt imply I am childish, impulsive, or innappropriate
so I am personally going to let that one lie
give paradox a few months
heyo
I am an idiot
I misclicked twice and then close the channel
accidentally
in eidolins defense, the big reason his power didnt kill him immediately upon being gained was likely because he was so mentally unbalanced at the time
From what I can tell the closer you are to a legitimate trigger condition the more likely you are to not suffer from a cauldron serum
I have shit post before and I will shit post again.
oh god I'm entirely in over my head
I am a relatively decently regarded member of our campus jazz group and at our first meeting we were told that the concert was on earth day
so I foolishly made the proposal of making a joint-held event with as many campus eco groups as possible to try to boost turnout
and they liked the idea enough to have me be the one to make contact with everyone despite me not being on the club board yet.
starting to send out initial conversation and it looks like no matter what I'm involved heavily til the end, for better or worse
I mean, thats how I am, I'
I'm great at making random great concept ideas with no idea how to follow through
I have a probably fuel efficient volkswagon (unless its emissions cheating also) that has a sticker on the back saying it runs on recycled dinosaurs
Honestly the M1 Abrams and the F-35 are everything wrong with the military
they are a solution of effectively throwing compressed money at your enemy
ah
I mean, we dont want to, we want the supporters of those clubs to watch us play
so we want to throw in with them
we already are playing outside on earth day, thats already set up and agreed on by the school and everything
but if we throw in with the clubs we can multiply out potential turn out and end up on a newsletter
Oh god what in the name of Sweet and sour 24/7 30 Minutes or less Chinese pick up or delivery jesus was I thinking watching resident evil 7 playthroughs at midnight!?
I am an idiot!
the trick to Alien isolation is liberal application of fire
use that shit like bad cologne
ah, Fire Axe, the brand new body spray for men and women everywhere
Everything is on fire
I've only read certain kinds of low grade harry potter fan fiction, and even those were either when people read them over comms in a game, were trying to do an awful fan ficton off, or when I was playing it over comms
 DISHONORABLE
heyo
Huh, just learned an awesome fact, apparently there is desert ""sea"" glass that you can find from where ancient meteors impacted in the desert
sometimes apparently knocked glass around for miles and then people would find it decades, centuries, or millenia later, and the egyptian royalty used it for jewelry
I only write soul crushingly bad pieces myself
yeah, I was going to call you out before I noticed that bit
good job checking by the way
Dont say it three times
you'll summon him and then he'll grump at us
All my favorite characters die violently or are traumatized/shells of themselves
First things first are THE RULES OF NATURE!
Oh xcom 2 name generator, you haven't gotten any less lewd
I see
Is it bad that I've purchased 150 slave women from a major trade hub and arranged for them to be shipped to a backwater pirate hub where they will almost certainly meet there inevidable demise?
EVE
I stock several minor things for my alliance
slave dancers among them
Gallente
OH HON HON BAUGETTE SACRE BLEU
Tabernac!
Viva la space france!
Fair enough
Granted I am part of the meatshield alliance for a completely different alliance
Pandemic Horde is recruiting
games completely changed since then
now the new rage is citadels and tax havens
We became the mafia over christmas break for that actually
Also if you want to PVE in PVP space you make more money
yeah, granted a bunch of EVE people formed your equivelent of CODE which is dedicated to hunting people down
high sec gankers
effectively replaced lately by MINILUV
Theres also been a major restructuring in high sec mercenery blocs ever since we invaded them briefly
they all united against us and started pleading for reinforcements
wow
you've missed a lot
including the rise and Partial fall of the goons
and World War Bee
yeah
which C O U P B O I D due to spies and ended up reforming as Goonswarm federation
Russians are a big bloc in the game
and they're pretty much in a cold war most of the time
although currently that went hot with TESCO invading them
TESCO is the conglomerate of TEST Alliance Please Ignore
which left Goonswarm about 5 years ago during the winter war
and Circle of Two, another former Goonswarm alliance
which left during World War B after goonswarm failed to assist them in defense of there sov
as well as a few minor powers
The Mitanni tried to pull an Illusive Man and failed
turns out you can't really pull off the nephew of satan thing without being a complete nerd
you know, the whole shady I'm definitely evil routine
made everyone hate his rampant propagandaing and being a jerk to people
I make money in eve selling weaponry for ships, mobile warp disruptors, slaves, and drugs
I dont think I am a good person
EVE is a closer to Wow combat style than elite dangerous
elite dangerous is.... not really sure what to call that, a realistic open world MMO?
granted, dont compare WoW or eve to EVE supporters
or WoW Supporters
or anyone really
RIP Ion
should I watch RWBY
it keeps showing up on fan fic sites an dI have no idea what it even is
fuck
crashed out
so what was the deal with RWBY
seen it show up a lot lately
??
Nope
why do I feel this gets into MLP or sonic level cringe fast?
I just get that sinking feeling here
or even worse... *shudder* exalted level cringe
when did rooster teeth go from being another machinima style group to being an actual entertainment franchise
and come to think of it, when did FreddieW go into entertainment franchising also?
Machinima style franchises have always been profitable (as a pyramid scheme)
but I dont know when rooster teeth transitioned back towards mainstream
clearly its working for them but they confused me since I lost track of them for 8 years
6 years*
Theres also the whole Dunky viasco with machinima as well as there awkward interaction with LAGTV
fiasco*
basically, LAGTV tried going mainstream on them before both of them found out that neither shares even remotely the same fanbase
resulting in both sides awkwardly bailing from the contract, and dunky apparently wanted to leave and got contract fucked in a weird situation
and machinima were douchebags about the entire thing
granted dunky may actually be a bit insane
rooster teeth never really had drama
Is this how torpedos are supposed to work?  
This doesn't seem right but I dont know enough about torpedos to disagree with it
Does the emergence of google fiber count as a political discussion?
I'm not sure on this one since technically its nowhere near as contraversial as most other topics I could think of for current events
also arguably its a logisitical debate over a political one, granted its also an opinionated field since it goes into regulation vs free market
it is an interesting phenomena, originally GF was intended to boost the market competition in the field, however the response by the telecomms companies was lackluster enough that it resulted in what is apparently a very high rate of people leaving it for GF, and judging by the recent lawsuit in NYC TWC still hasn't figured out that memo
Its interesting also since the big issues there are mostly in consistency over actual quality.  With, for whatever reason, network bandwith being problematic
Not sure on the actual logistics of why this is the case.
its actually a bit sad, In the middle of nowhere vermont you can get more consistent wireless than in Westchester, NY
Antioch, you ever had a good lamb stew?
when thats made right its amazing
you gotta get it within that sweet spot where its gotten fall off the bone tender but not stringy yet
which requires some watching it, but if you nail it, its amazing
also gotta have either a cous couse or chickpea base
Fucking duskers
oh hey that rooms clear, better send my gather dro... oh never mind its a leaper
welp, I know whats hear now, these yellow rooms must be sa... wait no, murder droids
note to self
dont vent the generator room to space
even if it has gun buddies in it
Help!
admins are abusing me on a completely different irc network
Can I blame the admins here?
you all have some secret cabal right?
Ah.
spoilers, it turns out leaving the simurgh alone for over a year was a bad idea
What... what if browbeat was the antagonist of Worm 2?
What if scions rotting corpse is the antagonist?
also, is scion rotting on a deep metaphysical level, a literal level, or what, and if so is there a thriving space scavenger ecosystem consuming his space whale fall?
knowing how zombie worms look to us, I can only imagine at the abject eldrich horror that would be burrowing into scions corpse
Oh god
Death by Space-Green Peace
what if contessa has become self aware of the true threat to the wormverse and embarks to murder the author to prevent it from occurrin
occurring*
I can't make my joke on that due to risk of bannu
but suffice it to say it was good and politically charged
as opposed to effectively getting a paper cut on her brain?
I like the idea that the biggest threat to eden was herself
and that even at that scale thinkers can't help but think themselves into a corner or off a cliff
Worm doesn't have nice things in it
Although if it helps dragon and armsmaster probably violated multiple laws and codes of ethics/sanity and started a family
and by laws I mean both actual ones and laws of physics
@siebenacht, I'm lactose intolerant
fuck milk for making me suffer so
Andro, if you're going for test tube child its far easier than that
theoretically don't even need tinker tech, hard part is both ethics behind it, cost effectiveness, getting a viable DNA sample, and then the shit storm this causes regardless
none of these are a problem due to a mix of AI, tinker bullshit, the fact they're both basically above everyone else anyway, and have no budget
Inb4 dragon and Armsmaster do something stupid again
I mean, its either do that or smoke meth, not much to do in Newfoundland
on the bright side, quebec probably went down with Newfoundland
hopefully
please
Awww
Do you think Quebec was better or worse with Heartbreaker there
on one hand hes heartbreaker, on the other hand quebec might actually have a big enough fish to keep pro independence capes from majority
Would people heartbreaker had illegitimate children with but didn't ever actually encounter afterwards even trigger 2nd gen style?
Hes using his power for conflict near constantly
his shard loves his meglomania and straight up degeneracy
That has some sort of fucked up vibe to it
the contribution to his appearance given by a person in pure altruism used for so much atrocity
He nuked Nortons country
the answer is doubtful
Scion had nothing better to do
however, if Norton had played wing-man for scion everyone MIGHT have not all died.  Or alternatively everyone ever would have died in a more horrible manner
man, I had sweet sweet cash
then I stupidly had to invest it in things I cant make profit on without patiently waiting
stupid time, causing me to be broke temporarily
Note to self, do not fire a cannon at a ship you are actively boarding, or you will kill all your drones
coincidentally, RIP all drones
and that duskers attempt
Anything but politics tends to go here
and if you're setting up a game either hit up #other, #gamedesign, or #weaverdice
writing can go here a bit can't it?
and technically roleplay if you don't mind getting flooded out since nobody here had an obligation to not talk over you
and aren't we all single and pathetic here?  Or is that just me
Awww
we need a channel for single and pathetic people
As a giants fan I am happy now
well, less miserable
I have officially moved my noose to the attic for next football season
at least you have cheese curds
brb
getting noose
but the patriots won
I have to spite kill myself
ah, perfect
I don't think I should answer this or justify it as we rapidly go into internet humor and sports humor, both of which are innappropriate as hell, fueled by alcohol and stupidity, and are quite a bit raunchy as well.
Hey
Steve Carell looks like Mr Bean right?
I mean come on people hes got that same look going for him
Crap, roommates sick
as in linear puke trail from door to trashcan in hallway sick
So wait, I'm not bannu over the superbowl rage right?
kind of swore my way across no fewer than 5 places last night
Sadness
I'm amazed thal and saf are here with their consistent degeneracy also
granted I can't throw stones from my glass house
no it is not, which is lucky for me
Spongebob had an interesting take on foreign culture shock with the deep sea episode
where they threw him into an abyss and nothing made sense to him
theres some good imagry and subliminal messages in spongebob actually
also some really dark implications at times
especially with the nuclear fallout conspiracy
also the best memes came from it
especially at the end where brockton bay was a burning crater on earth bet
Huh, iridium scheduled to put up 10 more sattelites into orbit with SpaceX in april
and apparently out of the ones launched last year 5 have been shifted to operational orbit and 4 are still in original orbit so its likely they are moving one at a time
I'm pretty sure you aren't allowed to knife people in pokemon Go
even if they choose team instinct
which is the objective wrong choice
the trick is to go out in red or blue and go to the inner city gyms in places like Saint Louis, Detroit, or Camden
Or Newburgh, Trenton, or Irvington
ah I remember the time my family wrong turned into Irvington on the way back to NY
good times
and by which my father who grew up in New Jersey in the 1970s-80s was scared shitless
I mean*
thats basically the internet
no finale is good enough unless it goes breaking bad style
and even then people criticize that ending
granted the dexter finale caused me to develop a drinking habit
I could see that
also @Doc_Mod its a real shame too, they could have taken that some very interesting angles, but they didn't want to step down a road they couldn't turn back on so they waited until it was too late and did a cop out
it is effectively the the equivalent of giving armsmaster a brain anurysm caused by sleep deprivation and tinker drugs half way through worm
Anyone see that killian video where he had a psychotic break and tried to hack the medkits in overwatch forever?
with sombra?
Has anyone ever noticed that it literally killed reagent to act like a hero?
Kind of poetic isn't it
hahahahahha
What do you do with a dead Chemist?
You Barium
RIP Chris Kross
these guys are definitely at least a bit creepy, and awesome
sigh
Is an interesting concept, especially for being designed to expose connective tissue to the air
which must make them look ghoul as hell after a bad incident
I kind of want an honest to god botany tinker, where you can make things like exploding tomatoes, super weed, or Clockwork Oranges
IRL or in some game?
ah
have you tried threatening his family?
its the worm and marvel way after all
Ah, you know worms a grim dark setting when mind controlled dictatorship usually ends in a preferable alternative to actual canon
night all
I just imagined lung in a maid outfit because of that
It was traumatising
isnt dragon a whole damn server farm?
or a sattelite?
I think she jumps around a bit
Rage against the machine!
AGH!
WOOT
School Cancelled tomorrow
Roads are barely traversable in worcester when the grounds clear
with 7-14 inches + blizzard conditions its basically death
and I can make my trump protest poster now
which I cant talk about here because #politics
which I am sadly permabanned from
But spoiler alert: its exactly the kind of thing you'd expect a terminal memester like me to make
?
I wasn't, just saying I'm excited to be unproductive tomorrow
mostly by being contraversially obnoxious irl as usual
sorry for bringing it up though
I g2g
Can I ask a  mod a question?
naturally robbaz already figured out how to make the ""swedish coat of arms""
Well its official
I am the Machiavelli of vomiting with how orderly I am at it
coincidentally oh god why
Yes, while my roommate managed to leave a trail from the door to the trash can monday I was able to call it well enough to actually cleanly make it to the bathroom and toilet
and then lie on the tiled floor of it for about 10 minutes in misery
I caught my roommates Ebola
its been going around campus
and I was fairly certain it was only a matter of time seeing I was cleaning puke off the damn floor
physical plant actually steamed the carpet but I did some of the brute work for it
Ooh, theres a very suspicious quarantine in progress in eve
am I lagged out?
Legion?
Got a bunch of anime shit on a list and a few stories here and there
got a half a dozen books too
I actually have a fairly decent reading list for how much abject stupidity I do.  Also that sounds like a thing to look at
adding it to the list
You know, marvel is improving quite a bit but they still have the problem of that ownership of there products are split between 3-4 entities, at least 1 of which isn't communicating or cooperating with others
on the bright side, sony is on its way to going under so that'll be resolved soon, and fox has begun to get there shit together.
The problem is Xmen is split between FOX and sony as far as canon goes, and similarly netflix and disney have been getting in heavily
it is odd how close disney and netflix cooperate though, and makes me wonder if they intend to prop each other up quite a bit more.
I mean, netflix is one of the five major online entertainment video powerhouses, if you count twitch which you technically shouldn't
so all in all, its between hulu, netflix, amazon, and google.  I'm pretty sure hulus struggling and youtube couldn't properly manage a lemonade stand
so really it goes between netflix and amazon for competition
its a difference of scope vs funding
amazon is larger, but netflix is only focusing on this one field
so while amazons best and brightest employees are mostly bulk freight and communications logistics (or blue origin which bezos has been taking people from other stuff for)
netflix is actually improving there grasp on that niche
honestly, Jeff Bezos is on the short list for people who could actually declare themselves super villains and possibly get away with it
Amazons created a few interesting pieces too
HBOs also arguably in the runnings
but they dont nearly have the same scope
you're doing it wrong, you need to use heirloom tomato if you want any good tomato flavor in tings
or cherry tomato
if you buy regular bulk store tomatoes you're getting the ones with the mutation to allow them to redden from ethylene
and are not actually ripe yet
You should be able to get heirloom tomatoes in finland too
ah
my condolences
Thats like reading a mlp crossover fic and expecting not to lose IQ points
I feel those hurt WB on a deep visceral level @Teruzi
Those hurt me on some deep psychological level and I've been pathologically exposed to awful fan fiction
as my roommate once put it, reading an mlp crossover fic out of boredom is the equivelent of wanting a 3 course meal and settling for bleach.
you're a terrible analogy
...I didn't think this far ahead
sniffing glue
any religion and/or cult
building an evil lair
being a dick to children
self-radicalizing?
There are a few active fics I'm curious how off the rails they're going
Revanent before the author vanished again was on its way to the slippery slope
Woot!
Drunk roam!
WOOT
you can definitely get fun stuff in it
plus if you get lucky looting you can go omega
RIP Harm baton
Value
Gallente
because viva la france
and communism
Expect to be stomped in Faction Warfare repeatedly
also laughed at but still better than minmatar
Armor tank best tank
and real men hull tank
Fuck shield cowards
Caldari is the capitalist and easy mode choice
and Amarr is what you pick to be a white supremacist
or to crusade with
It really is
although if you join a null bloc like I did remember to set potato mode for strat ops
If you dont your computer might actually catch fire
?
have you actually made it yet?
and has it loaded?
I just seriously fucked up
ah
@Brut, it needs 15 minutes to 1 hour to gen
give it time
also I fucked up
I pmed a random guy in a revenent and it turns out he was penifsmash's alt
I MIIIIGHT be getting purged
I harassed someone whose in the Upper management for Pandemic Legion, which is Pandemic Hordes father alliance
It was a random dude in a pirate faction super
who is in PL
Pirate faction supers are like unicorns
and are the equivelent of flying an american aircraft carrier
hilariously overkill 90% of the time
basically
it WAS the most valuable ship in the game
now its the 3rd
well, relative
there are rarer and more expensive but those aren't ever seen really
HOLY SHIT
THE REV JOIND FLEET
OP SUCCESS B O I S
well
I may have drunkenly reported him to the entire twitch chat of the mittani
and DBRB is definitely stalking us
If it dies I'm definitely fucked
the mitanni are goons by the way, the 2nd largest power bloc in the game
eh, it all worked out somehow
I think our drunkness amused him
What?
I mean, I'm a fan of it to an extent
over protective beats Christopher Paolini syndrome
HurrDurr better sell out to everyone and anyone with no quality control
Oh look my book is now an abomination
I...should probably log off
I'm nowhere near coherent enough for this
Yes
hold the doors shut against a 3 ton whale of a monster
thats the path to getting doors launched at you at speed
Wait
what if... what if she was
and Myrradin was right
in fact, myraddin was in that fight
since myraddin was there wouldn't him riding in with the forces of Rhorin?  Be a valid solution?
Oh god someone has to make that a thing
or some awful LOTR/Worm crossover or refrerence fic
Ah
I should avoid being on here while drunk in the future
sorry about last night
I'm not sure what emblem I should go for
might make the Israeli flag or try at a helix fossil
might also go for one of several innappropriate references or an EVE groups flag
can't find any symbol for maccabbees which was what I wanted to go with to shield of david would work decently
alternatively theres always the Robbaz emblem, which will get you yelled at
Could try to do a police logo
or an FD
you can call him WB, TameArrow, WarnerBrothers, Weibo, or whatever
we'll know who you're referring too usually if its some mix of it
he only pings to his name I think
I need to set this to ping to sheogorath speaking of
I'm a fan of WarnerBrothers and Weibo for the irony
didn't warnerbrothers make all those old DC movies?
you'll find it about 2 days after you give up looking
The barber?
who is that even
Bonesaw because start throwing crazy fucked up horror ideas at her and play her game as long as humanly possible and you MIGHT get a chance to get away alive-ish
you'll probably fuck everyone else over but you can play the tinker 10 year old game and probably talk your way out of it
probably with only minimal loss of organs or limbs too
probably
its more so playing with the fact shes acting like an excited child about it and you can theoretically ride that insanity wave to the end
and if you played along with concepts until you had a chance to get out of it or kept being amusing to her you MAYBE could end up not getting too abominationed
you're basically fucked anyway
but theoretically higher chance of not being dead than the others
At this point were discussing the difference in a 10% survival chance vs a 0%
...
You also have absolutely no shot at survival
on any level
eh, 70% chance caricturized 20% chance killed horribly
We killed a mining barge
it turns out it was the enemy fleet cyno
and we just effectively fucked ourselves out of a fight
cynos are beacons for things to jump to
we blew up a ship that was a bait one
effectively we ate the cheese before the trap was even ready
eve
Ow
dont ask about cargo
Dont you have a control issue power penalty also>?
so you have a chance of accidentally ash beast?
Hey, its charlie sheening outside
a large amount of fine white powder, HIV, and meglomania is falling outside
so on a scale of 1 to Taylor and her father, how dense are we talking?
Endbringers are basically genocide-bots with a biological component to add more psych warfare to them
they literally have blood soley to make it seem like they can actually bleed
the entire biology of them is a red herring
Was it ever clear if the endbringers were one entity or multiple?
Pretty sure blasto was mostly tolerated because he almost certainly funded himself by growing some kickass weed
and lets be honest, have you ever been to boston?  Weeds basically a form of currency here
Man
its always awesome to hear about all these odd weather phenomena
blue jets, red sprites, wilo'wisps and rogue waves were thought to be the stuff of myth for the past 150-200 years
and they've all been confirmed an even filmed and logged now
even if they have no idea how it actually works
Running theory with wilowisps are silicon getting turned to plasma and reacting and doing so in a lab condition makes a similar effect, although the problem there is that you can recreate ball lightening with multiple things that definitely dont occur in nature.  So it doesn't really prove anything.
and its too inconsistent to set up a designated facility to observe so its just a luck thing
Huh
so you can get the subparticles to anti matter from all over nature
awesome
I do wonder the important science question
what happens if you huffed anti matter?
that sounds unpleasant for you
So, I assume this process would be very lethal for you?
would you just basically vaporize yourself in the ensuing blast instantaniously?
probably leaving one of those freaky nuclear shadows behind
So I assume its recommended I huff something safer in my spare time, such as chlorine trifluoride or osmium tetroxide?
with science
Is it just me or are MRAPs an over-engineered and overthought out solution to a problem?
Like, I appreciate the idea behind them, a vehicle marines and army can deploy in that will act for troop transport and safeguard them against IED and anti personal explosives, but I feel the MRAP is the least efficient way to do so
sure it works, in the same way that systematically detonating the entire roadway ahead of a army patrol would work, but theres gotta be a cheaper and easier solution
Either we can come up with a lighter composite armor solution, come up with some ECM system for it (if cellphone mine based), come up with a better electrical detection system, or actually develop better drone systems
alternatively, come up with a BTR platform that is actually suited to rural combat
As opposed to the MRAP which is designed for urban
Part of the problem with MRAPs was that they werent standardized
and that they had next to no actual soldier input
and as one soldier put it they make us look like comedically evil sometimes
The big problem with the MRAP is that they never got soldier field imput
You can kind of see that difference and problem in American design when Comparing the M1 Abrahms and the Merkava to one another
the M1 is on paper a better tank but suffers from difficulty with both field maintenance, extended operation, and coordination with infantry
the Merkava is a technically inferior tank that is designed to be more suited to longer field operation, particularly in adverse terrain.  It has some features like replacable composite armor and actual air conditioning
not sure why air conditionings so rare in tanks actually
HEH
I do appreciate that the bots are assholes
as opposed to just inept
apparently they even BM
ubisoft fucks a lot of things up, evidently those bots arent one of them
also love an oro quote about the bot being better than the player who ragequit out
I feel they needed to take assassins creed modern at some point
I had this crazy idea of having a pvp mode with assassins and abstergo having different mechanics entirely
while assassins have the whole stealth mechanic and ability to free move on terrain, the abstergo corp security would be utilizing watchdogs style surveillience and cover/fire mechanics
which would give them the overall advantage in area control and actual open combat
but leave them vulnerable to blindsiding, ambushes, and oblique angle attacks
really?
I could imagine quite a few fun settings for that with modern environments, and huh, of course it'd be a tom clancy game
which is odd
they go between having such awesome mechanics in games and having mediocre ones
if you look at R6 Siege other than a few bugs they refuse to remove the games actually pretty smooth running
if you look at for honor the systems actually decent there too, yet we have these shit systems that get repeatedly implemented in there big franchise games
but yeah, ignoring the murdering of modern figures, which they can work around, I really dont get why we cant have a new future/alt future setting for that
especially with a decent pvp aspect to it
that and I want to be able to play like AC Unity with a musket and bludgeon people to death with it
perhaps with a bayonet so Its easier to finish the job
I am not a good person
remember, you have musket comrade, if you run out of ammo, you have club, if club breaks, you have spear
if spear breaks, you have hero
I especially loved the heavy weapon kills
especially seeing you could break a pike on someones face and impale them with it
also desyncing because you ran into too big a crowd of lutists and killed them
never not throw off building
Making it hail doc?
its what you call it when you make it rain with spare change
also called being blacklisted from the strip club
now I'm wondering what would happen if skidmark used his power to make it rain
but its only 2 40 in the afternoon?
ah, hes from one of those communist countries
night cyr, sleep tight, don't let the Bolsheviks bite!
heyo
Get out with your heresy
I know that feel intern, still banned from #politics
RIP
I definitely deserved the #politics ban, even if I dont think it should've been a perma
I always copy random letters in between porning and regularing
I proposed for us to build a wall and crush all of mexico to death with it
it was deserved
I can't go back to prison
what page?
I'm out of the loop
so yeah
what you do to get vern to ban you?
hes pretty laid back
ah
He wants petting attention
you should give it to him
and I am not secretly that dog having gotten onto the computer behind your back
dogs are cheating bastards
give them someone with a ball and some food and they'll abandon you in an instant
what kind of dog?
and aww, she gets the zoomies?
those arent even an indoor dog
holy crap, thats the absolute worst way to keep those dogs
terriers do worse than most in that
Its especially bad for animals that need open spaces and have a large social requirement to begin with
its not GOOD for any animal mind you
I'm a fan of that SI where the SI was white trash going in and only got worse as time went on
and is currently affiliated with the fanon antagonists, burned down the damn PRT building, and is vaguely affiliated with Empire 88
Ah, Greg Vedar getting ziz bombed to great effect
similarly you have the Going Native SI who wanted to do that and due to significant emotional trauma and fear of butterfly effect plus shard fuckery forgot several important details
by which I mean all sorts of important minor details that might cause his own or several other important characters imminetn deaths
which, Redneck SI who barely read worm or traumatised idiot SI
can get either if needed
Name it Space Station 13
thats all you need for us
Or Cuban Pete Memorial Station
Sooo
if I play for honor honorably am I doing it wrong?
Not shoving people off cliffs, or ganging up on each other
or shoving people into fire or spikes or the almighty Geysir
father of all Geysers
long may he roar
which justifies me ritually sacrificing enemies to it
Odd question
but why is Lynard Skynard - Freebird and Badfinger - Baby Blue so closely associated with catastrophic violence?
Good news everyone!  I'm not dying!
Apparently any one of the diseases I had could have left me feeling fatigued like I've been and I've had 3 in rapid succession
also :'( @EV
Fuck that, I'm going to live forever
But yeah, anyone here play for honor?
I'm considering going in and trying to make a guristas group
or serpentis
meh, guristas is cooler
how does it feel to know you are worse than deadpool
at least he crashes at the destination
have you tried turning it off and back on again?
Thats easy enough
you could probably straight up remove and replace that casing
or honestly bludgeon it until it fit back again
gently
or alternatively you could try shaving off portions of metal to try to thin it into fitting again
none of thats the important bits
also you could literally use high gauge sandpaper and it'd be fine, the really really high grit, not the 60-120 stuff you use on wood
Fuck you all!  Pokemon Go Gen 2 is out!
time to walk the streets of worcester and get mugged because I wanted those dank pokemon!
I finally have a phone that can run it
even though worcester is the unarguable WORST place to play PoGo in
up there with detroit and camden
Now
do I want to go normal looking
or full obnoxious colors
Well, I'm now Tumany Cooks
And you know what they say, it takes two cooks to make a stew
if that was taken I was going to swap to the female character Mei O'Naise
who is my fallback nowadays
Its a bit of a bland name imo
I dont get that one
Most of mine are bad jokes
Tumany Cooks is a reference to a meme
Then theres AntsInMyEyes Johnson
then theres Mei O'Naise which is usually a bad chef joke
because its a bland name that can vaguely fit into multiple cultures, just like the condiment
alternatively you have Anna Phylaxia, Anne Thrax, Cuban Pete, etc.
the first names a bit hard to swallow though
Anna Phylaxia?
...
ah, Anna Phylaxis*
got it slightly off
as I said, a hard name to swallow
basically its when you eat a peanut and your throat closes
or similar allergic reactions, hense the hard to swallow joke
Apparently a former gearbox employee was taking questions on /v/
has anyone noticed that the two most famous people to come out of the marine core are both famous shooters?
and/or porn star
porn stars*
Huh
apparently theres a push for New Zealand to be declared an eighth continent
Some geologists have been mapping the ground and taking rock samples and are convinced that the 5 million square miles around new zealand are all distinctly continental shelf
which has several measurable differences from oceanic shelf
although much of it is submerged it would still count as continental ground under those qualifications, and with it being distinctly separate from Australias plate it'd count as its own unique one
Its not entirely unprecidented
we know of a lost continent that used to sit in between America and Europe
Found it
Basically avalonia got crushed between Maine and England
and the remenents of it are found in that unique pink granite you find in both
or between a few continents
Nah
Avalonia was a legitimate area, not much is known about it or anything living on it due to its fossil record being destroyed
apparently being crushed by tectonic forces is not good for preservation of fossils
who would have guessed
but yeah, as a result its quite possible New Zealand may be declared a microcontinent, similar to how those were
especially since it will ultimately probably get crushed between australia and either america or asia in a few hundred million years
Not really my field though so I dont know specifics
How is it that teams that are on the cutting edge of science can have such a mediocre web page 
they've managed to be somehow stuck in the early 2000s
and the duke university project page is equally broken
This isnt nobel price, this is a different group altogether
these people are programming autonomous robots and setting up backend ROV interfaces, they have to understand coding
eh, I just handle frontline tech support from time to time, so I cant really throw stones with that
still, duke university has no excuse, they actually do have people on staff for that
even if its a private team they have actual tools built into the website for that
and then tech support that should be on hand to handle the webpage
I forget which team it is but one of thems building a straight up drone boat
effectively a nested, tiered, drone system
the mothership launches drones, which launch some form of sub drone allegedly and allow them to comprehensibly map an area
presumably with the 3rd tier being far more simple mapping
and the 2nd tier being for actual complex photography and investigation, and the droneboat for SONAR
The german team, as one would expect, took a conventional approach and refined the hell out of it
building a dozen very durable overhauled torpedo style autonomous mapping units
which apparently have far better scanners and remoting than the current gen
part of what I appreciate about a lot of german engineering currently, they take the "if it aint broke, it could still be better" approach while America tends to be about taking oblique angles and new clever solutions that might not be as polished
interesting the canadian team is actually a straight up professional drone and survey company
and it appears for them this is just a presentation of that tech, at least from what I can tell from the web page
 for all the teams btw
sorry
I nerd out sometimes
I've heard similar stories of deep sea drones straight up imploding due to mistakes being made
margin like thats probably financial
if it was a violent crime it'd be a lot more narrow
plus that wording reminds me ominously of my uncles ""mistake""
fair
either way, I feel were missing about 80% of the story here
so I really cant formulate any real opinion
Is youtube slow and laggy for anyone else?
I'm not having a problem with any other website atm
I'm on twitch tv without problem
and twitch is far more intensive
chrome
your existence is meaningless and we are likely the unwanted byproduct in a madmans attempt to build a car battery
avatar is my favorite anime, up there with seinfeld and toy story
Damn, its weird that I can look at something like this  and realize "huh, I could actually traverse that fine with my skis"
I mean, it'd scare the piss out of me but that terrain looks like its more so just steep and prone to some chutes and bowls than anything
it actually looks like some sweet back country
other than the occasional sudden cliff but thats back country for you
When you're number 1 but its actually the first crusades
well
thats a thing
yeah, SCP gets dumb at times
I'm convinced some people take lucid dream concepts and go with them
I thought LOLFOUNDATION referred to them doing comedically dumb things
I was a fan of the islamic state of eastern samothrace
which is either a country fucked over by a meme or a meme fucking over a country
or both
and either way nobody cares about it
I'm a fan of mild weird shit yeah
I prefer world building ones
SCP is pretty much everywhere you find IRC as one of those weird internet culture thigns
its a mixed bag
some are good, some are shite
take your pick
I do appreciate that it goes into detail of how to kill reality benders
as well as making the supernatural mundane via paperwork
they are
and its a problem in worm too as you can easily accidentally cross into god mode reality bender territory
honestly, SCP verse is good reading of how to do a power in worm actually
have it all around one central concept
and don't try to do too much with it, but at the same time try not to keep it fucking bland
try to make it something WITH A TWIST
I am a fan of  thouh
where they freaked the fuck out and thought this was a plague machine when it was a simulator
I closed my windows accidentally
Putting people on ignore is confusing
besides, it removes that authentic gritty 1990s irc feel
where people still wore balaclavas and had obnoxious neon green on black text scroll
wait, Twonk am I on your list?
actively offensive?
I mean I'm definitely in the top 5 worst people on here
I dunno Teru, being irish is pretty egregious
next you're going to say its okay to be slavic
Ignore lists are for the weak
real men shun the old fashioned way
the actively ignoring there existence other then shoving them as they walk past
the way that you see in some hassicic communities as a reform jew or some radical christians do to non christians
uhhhhh...
I wish I knew the mysteries of what went on in the #politics meta club
sadly I am permad there
I did nothing wr.... wait... no I can't even say that with a straight face
I deserved everything I got and more
I doubt rick does eithe
 Ooh
my alliance got robbed\
and it was a regular ore buyback!
Looks like my ice hauling gimmick just saved my candy ass
yep
been hauling ice to high sec to save money
at least I WAAAS 
RIP A Ship with a View
heyo
apparently my school has student escort driver jobs open
we might finally get one competent driver!
or probably not since I'm genetically half jersety
jersey*
Christ, completely forgot about that /tg/ story
where a party ended up brutally murdering a jewish merchant because the QM mentioned a phylatchery sitting out somewhere
they apparently just heard that and assumed lich
there was a moral in that story about either making poor assumptions, going with pressure, or being overly descriptive
I'm not sure which it is though
are saff and saramoff the same person or no?
fuck always mix up GM and QM
QM refers to online GMing
particularly on image boards
Honestly, curious how the new movie is going to portray it
some of my nice childhood memories are of watching power rangers with my grandfather before he passed
although honestly if they're making a movie of it I feel they can't take it seriously
9/10 chance it will be, but hey, if they don't it will be glorious!
also I'm a fan of that whatsitcalled is racist skit
I forget the thing in charge of the groups name
#politics for that teruz
what is this system?
can I play a chocobo?
WOOT
Hah, Arma 3 mistakes were made
someone crashed a littlebird at 600 km/h
because arma
my asshole roommate stole my drinks from the fridge again
I'm really getting pissed at him
was considering actually filling a bottle with piss but that'd be rude
we have a minifridge
and thats it
Welp
mr24601, you created an abomination
thats the rule you broke
also on an unrelated note, my headcanon is now that behemoth surfaced in central park, and immediately attempted to flee the stink of new jersey
it was simply too toxic even for it
also leviathan just wanted hugs
Oh fuck
scourge dropped caps on us in 7rm
RIP Russian dread fleet
oh god
what if a lost cosmonaut triggered
just checking
a worm that walks like a man
also, does that mean that scions species are responsible for making wormholes?
huh.  
you know, I thought this was what you call a landing
hey guys
guess what time it is?
I'll give you a hint 
ITS HIGH NOON
Otherwise known as, why face off is about to get nerfed in xcom 2
probably with finite ammo to explicitly prevent this
Xcom 2 isn't, however, the people behind the long war mod put out an Xcom 2 mod
and its amazing
completely revamps the game and is getting continual updates atm
anyway, face off is a skill that lets you take a pistol shot at every enemy on the map once
harder enemies, more varied missions and events, more difficult and longer campaign.  Removes most cheeses and requires management of rebel havens
and adds new enemies and tactics as well as more classes
for example, you now have ""rainbow pods"" of advent varients
gunners, grenadiers, seargents, rocketeers, sentries, etc.
split vipers into vipers, naga/naga serpens, sidewinders, etc.
sidewinders are a bitch to fight
they have high movement space and can hit and run
ah right, infiltration got heavily revamped
you want to go for above 100% infil to not die
if you get to extremely light/vulnerable you can stealth missions
which you can do anyway with more difficulty
and I've already come up with multiple sacrifice builds to exploit it
and am trying to build a cheeky kidney stabber gunner build
where basically you max movement range on tacticals, shinobis, gunners, and max support nades on grenediers, flash and burn the shit out of people, and then run around dicing
shanking drones is shockingly viable
you wouldn't think it, but apparently if you look hard enough you can find a traffic drones kidneys
The Long War?
added new enemies and sentry drones, new pods, new map tiles, new everything really
although I do notice an inordinate amount of ambushes occur in the slums
yes, which is what was revamped
to have one
also I g2g
fuck wrong channel
shit I thought I was on a completely different network
ah, I thought this was the timeline where anime was real'
and not giant murder robots?
and thats why I'm no longer allowed within 300 feet of a school
oh, afternoon WB
hey, it seemed like a good idea at the time!
hindsight is 20/20
ouch
did you have the luxury of at least not being on it the entire 2.5 hours?
because I've been stuck on a train for 2 hours when it broke down, and thats an experience I wouldn't wish on my worst enemies
was there at least food in the station?
I'm bias on that because where I commute from had a bunch of nice coffee shops on one and and the other end was grand central
potato potato
probably broke down at a bottleneck
if a train brakes down around harlem line or earlier everything goes to shit also
and trains brake down a lot
around harlem*
Metro Norths supposed to be one of the best train lines in the country too
so you all have it worse probably
@FinalPyre, if its more than 5 minutes late its a kaiju attack
Doesn't Europe have an oddly high rate of train collisions?
we don't really get train collisions ever in the US
we get derailments but those are different
so wait
we don't have to worry about korean fans stabbing us out in the night?
wasn't Kowloon that city from resident evil?
With the weird herbs in that that were supposed to be unique on it before resident evil developers changed there mind entirely without any in canon explanation?
Ah
Apparently I was thinking of Raccoon City
evidently a brain being similar enough memory and stressor wise is a neccesary
but I think that this falls into tinker bullshit where riley was going onto a tinker method that has no good true production parallel yet
I also suspect the powers themselves were transfering over memories to better solidify them, or else I can't imagine grey boy working
ah
grey boy is basically an anime antagonist
its basically a contagious disease, you'll contract it eventually
just stick around thal, saff, vern, and wing long enough
@Cyrix, his imagery was meant intentionally to bring reference to it
basically its like if you had google search algorithms come up with a generic god figure
you know, like the ones that put dogs into everything creepily
whatever that google thing was called?
morning
Ah, dog gifs, the most adorable things.  I miss my english springer spaniel, she'd lick whatever exposed skin wasn't under the covers until you stopped ignoring her.  Usually being my foot which is ticklish or my face which is just irritating.
Aliens, twister, apollo 13, agents of shield, and even nightcrawler man
nightcrawler*
and the guy who trained the crazy dude from Agents of Shield
And U-517
Speaking of the guy who died, apparently Agents of Shield is likely not getting renewed
its a shame because they broke so much new ground with antagonists such as "Slightly less creepy charles manson", Guy with telekinesis who can make anywhere become New Orleans, Guy who does every drug ever to become marginally stronger, and lets not forget, "slightly less creepy Pol Pot"
oh right, also "Slightly less evil medusa-lite"
Seriously, I was hoping they'd go the Agents of MeatShield route and actually have a compelling rhetoric there
instead they put the "people with powers totally don't deserve to be treated differently by the government despite being able to genocide with ease" thing
its a shame too, Agents of shield really had potential, but came into the "we don't want to risk getting too grim dark" thing
and as a result never really had compelling antagonists, even the hydra thing which started interesting got bland somehow
?
Its likely just getting cancelled
but honestly, I stopped watching a season or two ago
so idk
after that doctor guy got killed by "Australian Drunk Chain Dude"
dont you know cyrix
the fairy queens rampage never stopped
she just went insaner and started making up personas for her ghosts
as part of the way of sorting all those voices in her head
I definitely have or had at least three neurological things going on if it counts
possibly four
??
wait, why do you guys get to get away with that humor while I can't?
:'(
doesnt suprise me
Jews and Jews clash more than jews and non-jews
it makes sense for other cultures also
speaking of, it is disturbing how playing crusader kings makes you understand ancient history better
like seeing a turnover of a roman emperor to a new one and having the old religious and community leaders who had been in power for a lifetime in jerusalem get thrown out for the corrupt local corrupt rich landowners
didnt mean to double the corrupt there*
you know, originally hearing that would make you think how horrifying and inefficient a system that is, after crusader kings you understand where the guy was coming from
even though its still horrifying
yeah, their is a reason lesser lords tend to push for gavelkind succession
didnt a roman guy do that?
and Queen Mary
the Catholic Queen of Angelican England
hah
you can also go the evil route of having illegitimate children everywhere so that your court gets powerful people in it purely by probability
just don't go anywhere near greece
byzantium*
wait, yeah greece
CK2 used to have a bug where the larger greece was, the laggier the game was, due to the AI constantly running castration checks on every nobel it encountered
noble*
Started getting a strange smell and seeing what I thought was smoke from the oven
turned out it was just steam and I should've dried the tray
not the end of the world like I thought it was thank god
and not another repeat of Plantañageddon
Well you see, there is this wonderful spanish cuissine called plantaño Maduro, or fried plantains in english
to make them you fry some ripe plantains in oil on a pan, cool them, crush them, then fry them again
anyway, since I grabbed a random ass pan from the sink I washed it first and improperly dried it
and then hoped it'd be good enough and put oil in and started frying em up
one thing led to another and the kitchen ended up coated entirely in scalding oil
scalding hot oil is a bitch and a half to clean up, especially when trying to keep your plantains frying
hey, my cooking was fine and those plantains were amazing
totally worth
I just coated everything in dish soap and water and cleaned up the mess that made
because cleanin soap off of things is easier than oil
and if it works for BP it works for me
now gonna brb in 1 min to get those cookies out
I am not an idiot
seriously, cooking oil and petrolium oil have similar clean up methods
anyway AidenEldritch BP was using dawn dish detergent to clean petroleum off of birds
Cookies done!
and nothing is on fire
oh god why
people need to stop calling things the next shadow of the collossus
it just sets up games for dissapointment
the broom closet ending is my favorite
holy shit
I just updated my drivers and my audio quality is so much higher
how fucked was my realtek anyway
I always assumed the balrog was a !!FUN!! thing the dwarves hit that was independent of sauron
sure it was incredibly evil but it was a mostly unrelated evil I thouhgt
from when you dig too close to hell
wasn't the boss killed?
which is horrifying btw
that sauron had a goddamn peer that was almost as scary if not for lacking drive
Roarian, if you can't stab something to death you aren't stabbing it hard enough
just stab harder, sharper and larger
Ah, it really is the biggest problem about how most mammals (even ignoring us) have begun to phase out genetic evolution for behavior evolution
dolphin are so damned splinters you see unique behaviors with all sorts of implications that aren't seen elsewhere, which makes it annoying to draw conclusions from them
because sure the fact that 20-50 dolphins use tools is a strong argument for sapience, but the fact that the rest don't makes it harder to conclude on
wait
Yu Gi Oh is still alive?
I thought that shit died in 2008
CS Go and Starcraft are on the way out
And its a miracle dota still exists
granted battlefield 2142 just came back which is exciting
I think Team Fortress is on the way out too
but yeah, the card game stuff confuses me
@Roarian, on its own they'd be fine, the problem is that dragons attract the worst kind of people.
I feel that literature has ruined vampires, werewolves, and dragons for the next 50 years or so
there was a time when vampires were scary, werewolves were abominations and terrifying feral entities, and dragons were barely sapient godlings that would end you and everything you loved for staring at them wrong
now they are all considered fetish bait
Darkest Dungeons take on werewolves was actually decent, they are depicted in game as a misshapen lumbering creature that barely even has any fur on it and mostly looks like a wolf if you squint at it hard
but otherwise its an abomination that even being around is unpleasant
eh, true, vampires and werewolves were always so, although I feel that back then the vampire concept was supposed to be an antithesis of society with that form of sexuality to it
Brut, the concept behind frankenstein gets me every time, that we can decide to tell god to go fuck himself as we do whatever we want.  Its arguably humanities new Tower of Babel, that irreversible step towards godhood or folly
liches done right are awesome, especially when it requires being irrefutably evil
voldemort was fun for that reason, where we also got the implication that, along with being a very evil thing to do, it seems like there were...other... reasons that tearing ones soul apart was a bad idea.
such as that it either left you emotionally, mentally, or physically stunted, or all of the above
because I can't help but feel that pre-death voldemort and post death-voldemort behaved far differently
granted a lot of thats also an excuse for J K Rowling not being as amazing of a writer as people say she is
ah, reminds me of my nethack days
I wish for partially eaten, blessed, greased, rustproof silver dragon scale mail +5
it runs off of plotonium
its also probably comparable to whatever the currently classified and possibly mildly radioactive plating that the M1 Abrahams uses
the movies support the "liching yourself gives you brain damage" theory
Also harry potter snapped the elder wand at the end and didn't have his wand fixed yet which is a major plot hole
some of em are good, some of them are eh
they wimp out on some things but not on others
and they did start showing some of the more horrifying spells, although I feel it could've been more aggressive
it really doesn't go into the fact that, in a proper wizarding war, you get some truely disturbing spells gone around, with red mist and gore being the least of it
we did see it a bit with someone getting flung backwards at terminal velocity and another person getting petrified and turned to dust, but I'd imagine you'd see incinerations, crushings, black holes, multiple polymorphings, possible death clouds, probable abominations animated, and/or mind breaking spells thrown about too
pretty much the same reason parahumans don't fight in bulk against one another, because after a certain point skill level ceases to matter and eventually you'll catch something you can't counter or avoid
Goddamn it
So, are death sticks cigarettes or are they like nerve sticks in eve?
it could be a stick of solidified drug
like a jolly rancher made of cocaine
or probably a different comparable
Did you hear that someone apparently managed to beat a hippo to death in el salvador?
I didn't even realize you COULD beat a hippo to death
also I really need to check time stamps
thought you guys were quiet for about 10 minutes and I wasnt interrupting a convo
@Doc_Mod, it was an innocent animal that lived in a zoo
Guy did something horrifying, but at the same time I can't help but wonder how he managed to actually do it
El Salvador apparently only recently lost its record for being the murder capital of the world
Honduras
Central America is very competitive like that, you should see them in the CONCACAF Gold Cup
Currently Venezuala is catching up in a narrow 3rd place with 62 murders per 100,000 people
eh, its the only way to stave off crippling depression
hapless animal cruelty upsets me, theres no reason to murder a hippo
unlike the brutal thing that happened last week to those rhinos hippos aren't even poached
and they aren't responsible for deaths in south america by pure luck somehow so that doesn't make sense either
the other day some poachers held environmentalists hostage in a facility in south africa as they harvested the horns off of two orphan rhinos
that was south africa, arguably one of the top 5 most developed countries in africa
and the police could do nothing
Also chinas murder rate is suspiciously low, as if they aren't reporting all the murders that actively occur
just reading through the list
granted, its a comparable rate to south korea so who knows
and hong kong does report and is only marginally higher so who knows
I've been hearing good things about horizon zero dawn
with the only bad thing being its nowhere near as revolutionary as they said it was, which is to be expected
its still a very solid game
oh god
link>
tesla driver died the other day in a high speed collision with something or other
father accused the tesla of going off like a rocket, turns out the guy had a BaC of something like .21
girl*
apparently it was a female driver, finally, osme articles were awful with that
I do like the ethical debate of if the car can't safely stop should it prioritize your life or the pedestrians
As a New Yorker I do have concerns
seeing as our way of life relies on you speeding up whenever you have a green light regardless of whether pedestrians in the way
so that they don't take advantage and get in the way
because we are the jay walking capital of the world
in a situation where it comes into play, everyones likely dead anyway
80% of statistics are made up
I recall back in the reddit day trading community, there was an infamous dude who managed to lose money on virtually every investment he made
so consistently to the point where people were fairly confident he was trolling and stating he was investing in the opposite of what he actually was doing
that or he knew certain stocks were going to go down and actively fucked with people over it
the one time he took random investment advice from a twitch chat he actually made a profit too
ended up banned because the admins weren't sure what he was and just decided to assume he was a troll
er... mods
thats what people started doing
and making money off of
I dont remember, I dont day trade
Do you ever find a lets play for a game that you can't watch due to the guys voice being just that bad?
I found one that the guy sounds like he cosplays batman in his spare time
with that gruffness in the bakc of his throat that is just irriating
'what is nightcore even?
I'm declaring it here where all can see
Hiero is too innocent for this world
value him like a rare unicorn, innocence like his has never been seen before
and will never be seen again with his eventual passing
Oh god, Tianamen must have been horrifying
like with an obscene death toll to it
theres a bit of an odd cult /tg/ following of worm
even though they tend to avoid actually coming here
hell, I'm one of the two or maybe 3 4chan individuals here, and I'm only a semi-regular now
I suspect you show up on the /tg/ list of approval for books
tg approved book list*
tg, /lit/ (when they arent awful)
and maybe qst
I'm not a regular on /lit/
they are too confusing for me
Yeah, definitely recall capeshit being tossed around as a phrase, and as far as it goes worms the best source for it to base off of
everything else gets meta'd to shit
@Ridtom, I'm always a fan of the obnoxious matador cape
@Ridtom, you know those obnoxious shoulder capes?
I mean that kind, as opposed to the trailing cape
so you could still smother someone out with the damn thing or look fashionable
dark souls had a whole fashion police for it
Alternatively, this abomination 
Even worse, that is the unholy combination of Ornstein and Smough
9/10 doctors recommend you don't run through glass doors
1/10 doctors are a shill for big Ikea
ouch
that beats my stories
coping mechanism, your mind doesn't remember crippling pain other than the acknowledgement that x led to crippling pain
I am a lucky bastard, I've skiid off cliffs, had close encounters with sharks, wiped out into a ditch, narrowly avoided car collisions, fell off multiple chair lifts, nearly got concussed in soccer, nearly got concussed skiing, lost my weight belt diving, lost my respirator briefly, been bit repeatedly by everything ever.
I have no idea how I have never been seriously injured
Same here thay!
that was at my sketchy -almost certainly a CIA spook and/or army translator uncle
That side of my family has sephardic in them so they can pass for arabic, which leads me to suspect translator
Got a member of my family who all I know is they do classified military work, and take repeated trips to the middle east
and you'd be amazed how easily sephardics can pass for other ethnicities
uhhhh
what
I thought he was trolling
I'm going to duck out now
this is too weird and I have class in 7 hours
illegal as shit
as someone into worldbuilding, I feel the same
Granted, dresden is an acceptable character
even if he can't help but lie to people unneccesarily
partially because he has a martyr complex
martyr complex people are obnoxious
Their is bread on the video projector in my lecture hall
why is there bread on the video projector
that thing is 12 feet in the air
binge studying and working up one shot concepts
one day I shall be not-shit
I cant
I just cant be here right now
bye
Well I'm back
I don't recall anything from the past 4 hours, I have suspicious bruising and cuts, and there are a large amount of police sirens outside but I'm back
and lets not get started on the stains
last thing I remember was turning on a news livestream for... something... I can't recall and next thing I know is now
so who knows
Woot!  
Don't watch this if you have celiacs
I loved Alien and Aliens
and never saw aliens 3 due to fear of it being shit
might watch it then
but heard bad things about prometheus
hah
you just said aliens and happy ending at the same time
ooh
tornado watch in Indiana
that sounds fun
anyway, I'm losing it
night all
I get weird when I'm very tired
weirder*
Its kind of sad, if you look at the full diary of anne frank it has very interesting commentary into the development of teenage sexuality during that time, especially under confinment
all of which was removed by anne franks father in the revised edition he put out in bulk
and this wasn't where I thought I was having this convo
but yeah, basically the edition you see most commonly is the censored one by her father
There is an uncensored version, but I'm not sure which it is
anyway, huh, normally its #poligoon that goes into nazism, not you guys
ah, /tg/
never change
post a cat girl with the paladin style to it and it'll completely devolve
even better post a bound elf photo and everyone will go insane
Woot!  Wasn't me!
this is bad that I'm happy about not being in trouble
Woot!  The one member of the synirc community who was in the line of those tornados last night was almost certainly not killed!
always good for people to not be dead
Have you ever played a flash game in childhood, thought it was great, gone back and realized it was shit?
man how gaming has changed
the big problem I have is I have a subjective memory, but I have a very good memory
so if I replay things or rework things I can remember what I did last time
hell, I still associate random game scenes with music I was playing in the background
like for example, slavic covers of rock music to Xcom
There are several books I associate with the shaking and mild nausea of being on a train also
its actually annoying
yes, but I get bored and if I read I get nauseous but am not bored
so often I read
and I remember ambient conditions and sounds with it annoyingly
I'll gyroscopically stabilize your face if you keep it up
That doesn't work at all, does it?
Yeah
I'm from NY Doc, trains are a way of life
they are working to make them less shit though
You an upstater?
Long Island or Staten Island?
Either way not real NY
now Westchester on the other hand
THATS real NY
Fite me
Westchester Currently #1 in Varsity soccer
isnt that a sea turtle?
if you flip them over they can't get up?
I thought nobody drove in the UK?
Too much traffic
Quick question
how do I do a strikethrough on Spacebattles
I need it for the assinine editing of an inflight announcement for inflight safety to swap captain with OP and plane with Thread
nvm found it
I've played this weird anime game called chess once
anime board game*
I particularly enjoy the whole "god hedged his bets/was sleeping around" thing
where sure we are gods children, buuuut he got a bit sketched with us and decided to not put all his eggs in one basket, I mean, he totally loves us, honest, but he just wants to have some safe alternatives, ya know?
the guy from ME2?
Eh, I know that feeling, I went into campus health services due to moderate fatigue over a widespread period
apparently any one of the three illnesses I had had could have done it, and the stomach virus was the last straw due to me not eating for 2-3 days during it
and as a result I was fatigued as my body recovered from an energy depleted state
Hey
anyone got any good popular speeches they enjoyed
like TED talks and the like?
Need to pick one for an assignment to analyze
and I do pretty poorly with non-preferenced options like that, usually picking something unneccesarily complex or not being able to decide
I crashed
what was the link?
You know, when you drink coffee you lose some of it to ineffiency, if you REALLY want your caffeine fix you gotta IV it
Nothing can go wrong with that
So wait, could bonesaw make an ogre out of onions?
or would that require panacea, and this was actually bonesaws master plan
The Ruse Cruise!
I just imagine a werewolf like transformation by bonesaw into shrek or something insane like that.
It was a sectuple bluff twice removed
on your fathers side
Awwwww
all my evil plans, down the drain
Rain bow
meh, that was a bad one
wait I crashed here too right
Seriously world?
this is the third animal to be murdered in captivity in the last 2 months
and the 2nd one that was a rhino poaching
It seems there is a disturbingly large amount of organized heisting in france
Hey!  I was only thinking dirty thoughts pls no ban!
Wait... what was the talk about?
Ah
I love cancer
@Brut, you sweet summer child
I'm an eve and space station 13 regular
space station 13 is one of the most meme and cancer heavy games out there
and 4chan is 4chan
granted, the /pol/ samson initiative to evacuate the board and take over /mlp/ was hilarious
Hey, its not my fault it took me 2 and a half years to realize /pol/ was actually mostly nazis!
I thought they were just liberals with autism
they rused me
its the phrase they use so I didn't quite know a better term
sorry
hey, I thought I was pissing in a pool of piss, not pissing in a pool of blitzkrieg and lebensraum
Life Pro tip: Butcher your enemies in rimworld and process there meat into nutrient paste
Its official!  Ion is kill!
Is it a conspiracy theory to say that the teeth healthcare companies are pushing the whole "pearl white teeth" thing to sell unneccesarily large amount of hygiene products that people neither need nor actually help people?
to think that*
So, odd question.  How does turtle surgery work?
Like, say they're removing a fishing hook from the digestive tract
how do you get through the shell without killing the turtle
does it grow back?
How do you turtle surgery?
I did
the youtube video was awful
and its flooded with articles that caused me down this descent into insanity
Everyone who thought that was an idiot.  It was just more european political powerplaying
only it failed badly and put the british, french, and Americans in power at a time when none of them had any contingency plans for suddenly holding the fate of the entirety of europe in there hands
which is why, from the best of what we can tell, they appear to have resolved this issue by drinking and gambling
yes
huh, thats interesting.
Apparently Castro regretted his response in the Cuban Missile crisis in later interviews
working on a paper for that currently
wait, whats the abut?
The one thing I dont get, wouldn't con foam let carbon monoxide in also?
and thus kill whoever was trapped in it
It is a pretty clever system
especially since its good for on-the go fortification
theoretically you can use it for area denial and for portable cover
theoretically you could also use the stuff to seal doorways
also con-foam actually would be awful for fire fighting
that and it denies firefighters access
if you seal up areas away from firefighter access then they can't clear it to make sure its not going to flash over immediately
so you'll just leave a half of the building to burn freely and intensify until it starts melting the foam
If you need to use it as a fire break, you could probably just use water for cheaper
theres an image of someone who left the house sprinkers on when he left and them plus the road caused his house to survive
because the flooded yard soaked up the excess heat because waters fun like that
I dunno, if you were around in the 1970s fire hoses are a good crowd control kit too
sure they wont encumber someone like con foam would but they'll definitely make you miserable and weighed down
theres no real fan consensus on how fast foam disintegrator works, is there?
I've heard anywhere from seconds to minutes
and if its minutes or tens of minutes its problematic, although its generally acknowledged it ruins clothes
also parahuman fire kind of is bullshit for regular firefighting methods due to the fact that generally fires are low burning and very smokey due to limited oxygen
so people like lung throw the book out the window because we're talking a massive amount of fire with often limited fuel and abundant oxygen
doesn't spitfire literally spit napalm?
napalm does fun things too, and with the multiple holes in the building that were conveniently around, that fire would have good ventillation
you'd be amazed how fast a fire can get burning with proper ventillation for it
alternatively you'd be amazed how long a fire can take without good ventillation.  We had a house burn out that took 5 hours to get to that critical point where it actually became unsalvagable
took 4 hours for fire department to get called which didn't help
someone noticed the smoke and by that point the garage and wiring in the house was fully controlled and structural beams were already on fire
and the house had been derelict for months so priority went to damage control.  Plus it was below 30 degrees out so the entire front of the house and street became ice
apparently 5 reported injuries on site from slip and falls
one of which serious
I kind of want a campaign with old-con foam, the non-porous kind
so villain stakes and protectorate stakes are that much higher because if you fuck it up you get a massive PR blow and/or die horribly
I forget, might have been fanon
but wasn't there a whole thing about con foam coming from an older, shittier tinker tech
also you've gotta cramp something fierce while pinned by con foam
also shadow stalkers power is kind of bullshit
when you hear smoke you expect particulate
which shouldn't be penetratable to con foam
hell, gaseous shouldn't even allow you to pass through walls and windows
What about that one where everybody almost certainly dies
as a guide of how not to hero?
like Grantsville or something like that
I always botch the town
there was also the dude frozen in carbonite
Your waifu is trash
so yeah, whats your experience with whale meat faust?
also if ereu is rioting can we join in?
not even a little?
I have no idea what I just did
also I need to sleep
wat
Hey, what would happen if you launched ash beast into the sun?
so, on a scale of 1 to "endbringer rock concert" how wrong are we talking?
I also doubt that the shards would condemn people figuring out a way to launch others into the sun as it definitely qualifies as a form of conflict
they actively avoid those planets
they actively sought out an earth with only one planet occupied
they're avoiding competition, they don't want more than two of them
they could do whatever they damn want, they just powergame everything worse than armsmaster
they were going to maximize everythings efficiency and success, they can do god knows how else but they elect to do it a certain way
and they also did have a margin for error with shards, increasing as the shards vital-ness to the collective decreased
so while QA and Destination might be guarenteed to not go to the wrong place and bind right, something less important like Redact or a data shard wouldn't be as perfectly aligned
they werent just traversing the galaxy
they were traversing multiple realities as well
often skipping from reality to reality to make for more efficient space travel
while using vistas shard all the while to shrink space
he can't neccesarily go faster than light, but he can avoid breakage for that distance
legend, his power reduces mental facility and effectively converts his body into a breaker state when he travels like that
which is why he survived getting time fucked without any ramifications
he just kept going in circles around the barrier until the barrier ceased
at relativistic speeds
they can break holes in space and time
they are basically powered by bullshittium and bay-michaels reactions
with some plotonium thrown in
remember, legends shard wasnt meant for human usage anyway
Legends mental facilities is a safeguard to allow him long distance travel
"""\
Rude
I was about to add on more to that
10,000 years in deep space alone will make anyone insane, regardless of how stable you are
What are you talking about
I've been following and contributing to this.  You're not in a Private conversation you realize
10,000 years in deep space alone will make anyone insane <-- how about Mannequin?
thats probably a non-issue for him
by the way, is it bad that I have mixed feelings in regards to the whole W2 writing piece WB is working on?
I mean, on one hand its nice and all, and he might make it a better piece seeing as he has improved over the last few years at writing, but on the other hand I have concerns with one hit wonders who write follow up sequels
crap
I'm convinced some entity out there hates me
pls no bannu
100% chance for 12-18 inches here
campus already closed
up to 24 if we get unlucky
we always get unlucky
Hey, I'm cooking bacon and eggs tomorrow to survive the snowstorm as well as spaghetti and meatballs in the evening
I've never made either
any advice?
Also already had an olive oil mishap
We lost power
so I cant cook bacon eggs and toast
because my campus decided to put the only gas stove in the basement where its pitch black and I'd die and leave the windowed areas with gas stoves
frying bacon in pitch black is asking to set the building on fire
and we can't leave effectively as the emergency exits are snowed in
so I'd rather not kill everybody
plus my roommate swore to drag me back into the building if I did
like some kind of horror movie shambling abomination
huh
who?
I didnt recognize that ban
rub it in
I got a fun permaban from #politics, even if it was well deserved
there are several common harmless chest pain causing conditions
although they only last a few hours
at most
we all make random interjections that don't contribute anything.  For example this random interjection which you are likely still reading despite the fact that you will find nothing further of usage after this.  Seriously what are you doing ignore this already!?
how big is your text or how small is your chat window?
ack writes smut?
since when?
and where can I find it
for science reasons
I mean, I know northwest, I got banned for discovering that guy
ah, done, sorry mother
10 minutes til estimated power back
POWERS BACK
FUCK YEAH
You know, its very odd how many animals show signs of pseudo affection or appreciation when they really lack the intelligence we traditionally associate with needed for affection
granted with sharks its quite likely they just get some sensory feedback from being scratched on the nose and positively associate it as a result but the end result is the same as appreciation or affection
Its a miracle!
We didn't burn down the entire building!
I mean, its a snowed in college dorm filled with people so burning down the building would kill people
and my roommate swore to drag me back into the building while on fire like some sort of monster from a horror movie
QUICK!  No time to explain!  I need italian music for cultural appropriation purposes!
isnt that luca turilli
but yeah
apparently someone DID set off the fire alarms yesterday cooking eggs
thankfully it wasnt me
Coil can be considered a master 0 because he can just keep you waiting in one reality and keep throwing new tactics at you in another
he can fuck up convincing you a dozen times and get it once
if you can do that much time fuckery why not just make crawler grandfather himself and let the recursive incest fry his brain?
dont need a second trip, just need the one and then he has recursive pre-power brain damage
presumably too dumb to function, hopefully
and then jack gets bored of him
Deus Vult!
uhhhhhh 
I'm not sure whether or not this is politics, but what the hell russia?
from what I can tell the zoo doesn't understand advertising and the advertising agency doesn't understand animal care?
Speak for yourself Doc, there are always new and creative forms of cynicism to engage in
Well yeah, but then you get to go into all the creative ways people are going to be scummy
is WB going to get back at you for expressing concern at W2, will Elar kick me for my insane views, will Anti finally suffer that psychotic break we've all been expecting?
Every paranoia is a plot of its own
Will Thalia, Tubes, and Saff finally unite with one another and form some kind of meme voltron abomination
and will they drag me and dragonkid into the gestalt abomination also?
arent you also a meme lord?
ah, mixing up people
ah'
Faust maybe?
Make fun of Quarians
question how they manage to support there body weight on legs that aren't designed for bipedal movement
Realize that the Volus are actually pretty awesome once you read into them
They're also one of the few non-super power groups in Mass Effect who actually have the clout to fuck over other groups
Wonder why you never get an Elcor Squad member
Elcor are basically krogan lite if you read into their combat
also I enjoy elcor and volus due to being the only two races that really experiment with alternate physiology
volus are a high pressure non-oxygen breathing species that are distinct from most other species because of it
I think elcor communicate through pheromones and infrasound also.
which made them a fun species to look into, part of why they're translators were so sucky
Krogan were interesting but never evolved past "lol space-vikings"
I feel the Turians and humans should have ended up closer allies, and that the Quarians would likely have a more central role after the goddamn geth, an entity traditionally the Quarians problem, became a galactic problem
also there was the one Krogan that did poetry who was interesting
and the mechanic on tuchanka
and maybe Okeer if we understood why he was the way he was
Yes, I notice that, and it annoys me
that hook up doesn't work really as the Quarians and humans have vastly different physiology and culture
people just like shipping shepard and tali
and/or removing the Quarians are suffering thing
They are.  Its totally their own fault
they repeatedly dig themselves deeper holes
and they could always just settle a barren rock and build permanent structures on it
or just settle a marginal green world
having a permanent structure that could be more easily maintained than a life ship would solve a ton of problems
and also be less prone to the being exploded by cerberus issue
The Quarians decided to double down over and over again and lose
They want rannoch back because its the one planet that has organisms that can co-exist with them
granted why they didn'
why they didn't have a DNA or seed vault is beyond me
I mean hell, they have mad scientists, just let them go at it until they die off or get it right
also that nobody decided to Turing Test the geth or try a similar measure
hell, there are several easy things you could do from great distance that would allow someone to get in contact with the geth
Which is counterintuitive to legions statements later
and arguably is completely incompatable with the geth we learn about
Yeah, deep down the meat of it is just that Mass Effect has some great writing mixed with piss poor writing and appears to be multiple setting concepts ham fisted into each other
I feel that they had concepts for a good 2-3 different franchises they merged in it
Yeah, the ME2 starts a bit of a shit one
especially since I can't imagine they'd just plug there ears and not even have contingency plans
also ME3 screams of not knowing to into math
I do hear EA finally got there head out of there ass and is giving Battlefront 3 to Respawn entertainment
or battlefront 2 I guess
fucking EA
but battlefront 3 is battlefront
and yeah, Respawn actually knows how to do multiplayer
they have a few problems but thats mostly related to the fact that they have a VERY high skill cap
they did Titanfall and Titanfall 2
they're basically all the people who made Call of duty up until COD 4 who left Activision
who left Infinity Ward*
ah right, Activision fired the CEO/co-founder and CTO of Infinity ward and they decided to make there own gaming company with hookers and black jack
and while Black ops, MW3, Black ops 2, and the one after that were busts, They made titanfall
and then Titanfall 2 which is actually pretty highly reviewed
Apparently a large amount of Infinity ward left to be with the CEO and CTO after they got fired too
because apparently firing a charismatic CEO is a bad idea
who would have guessed
also brb 5
back
anyway, one interesting thing in Mass Effect Fanon is how Volus military are depicted
they effectively fight America style compared to everyone else, using a large amount of expensive torpedos over standard railguns and kinetic barrier tech/larger ships
Which is a very interesting concept I am upset never got used, that different species fight differently
That was fanon, I dont think the volus got elaborated on in canon
a particularly good fan fic though that actually went in depth into shit
granted most mass effect fics are pure shite so that doesnt say much
anyway 
has a disruptor torpedo summary in canon
Yeah, got a bit gritty at times but actually depicted the Volus as starting to ramp up and trying to get out from under the turians thumbs
granted it also depicted humanity as grim derp as shit to the point where siding with cerberus happened because they were the lesser evil
which says something seeing they did 2/3rds of the shit they did in canon
and yeah, the only things really said about volus military is they're big on air superiority and heavy bombing, and also built a kick ass dreadnaught
that doesn't make sense seeing that if they're so big on air superiority you'd expect them to start pumping out more bombardment vessels
yes
Once again, they really fucked a lot of the smaller races
similarly I don't understand how the Elcor wouldn't hold up at all on the ground, sure they're no Krogan but they're the second best thing to them by descriptions in game
seeing as the standard method of killing elcor involves anti-vehicle weaponry
o7
Welp, that was fast
Not even a week and already theres a new meme name for Ryder
already there is a Dick Ryder meme
its also transcended gender
need more of those yellow marshmellow bird things
ah right
peeps!  We need more ofthem in #games
Man, remember back in the early 2000s when everyone was on about anonymity and hiding your identity from everybody
In hindsight that was stupid, granted edgy teens actually gave death threats back then
Everyone was trying to hide everything
and was god awful at it
like nowadays online nicks are just that
they aren't some overencompassing identity we try to keep completely seperate from real life
granted the idea of having them mandatorily be tied to peoples real identities is equally stupid
You have to agree that 2003-2008 are the dark ages of the internet
when porn trolling and shitty memes were a way of life
XCOM 2 on sale !
hmm
anti-cancer relay
Save me from this Elo Hell
Teemo is the one true god
all other heroes are haram
I had an endbringer dream last night'
dreamed leviathan flooded the world followed by dreaming of the oceans being drained
I really need to not stay up reading weaverdice logs
yes?
oddly enough I was dreaming of the gulf drying out in segments
with water level gradually lowering around them
liquifaction
at that amount of vibration everything behaves like a liquid
this process is bad for most living things health
I swear to god the amount of spam and crank calls I've gotten have increased ever since I applied for colleges and gotten into clark
I've been getting phone calls from what appears to be a malfunctioning robosystem in clearwater florida
Not sure why but occasionally I'll get a call, it'll drop me half way into a bot asking for a password, then it will say the wrong code was imputted and hang up on me
oH DAMN
stealthed my first mission in LW2
didn't expect it to work so I had a guy ready to be sacced as needed
also had a guy on the roof ready to be lee harvey oswald
rangers with a max height advantage are fucking terrifying
I was prepared so that if it went loud in the prison room I could just gun people down from above and anyone who got out of LoS would just get flanked and murdered by the rookie
uhhhhhhhh
I just missed a 100%
Xcom, y u do dis
odd question
is it illegal to send superfluous complaints to the UN?
asking for a friend
so if I file a UN complaint over excessive meta on SB it will be okay?
hypothetically speaking
From what I'm aware so long as you don't send threats, explosives, biohazards, or drugs to the UN its okay
apparently drugs have been accidentally sent to the UN before
apparently during the big haitan relief effort someone sent a package to America with a crudely framed fake UN logo and an address to somewhere else entirely, but the post office fucked up and sent it to the UN aid office
and then it got flagged as suspicious and turned out to be a shit load of cocaine
fucking hell, that got me pissed, sadly that specific news piece is definite #politics material
even though its actually a pretty big deal for the science community
that nobody actually cares about yet
heyo
also wow, legend of zelda breath of the wild deaths are glorious
get lasered or crushed instantly
or fucking sent to the moon
no, not literally
but you can be bludgeoned significant distances
even if, unlike skyrim, you don't quite get sent to space
Ah right, thats why everyone freaks out when I use that phrasing
and accuses me of spoiling despite the fact that the enemies that due that are random roamers and are in no way plot related
I did love that some fan fic had the idea of pirate radio stations all running a "Free Bird" campaign for Canary
the original concept of the constitution was similar to the jewish torah
it was supposed to be modified, interpretted, and stretched as needed to suit modern life
some people want it as it was originally, some people want to throw the whole thing out and make a newer more modern document, based on relavent events taht occurred after the fact
and nobody can agree on anything
As is defense of others, even perceived
and in some cases stand your ground
NY and boston however do NOT have those laws
Mass*
and I have no idea why this convo is here but I can't bring it up here anyway.
Presumably being body controlled falls under extreme emotional distress?
which is actually a way people can and have gotten lesser sentences
when they were emotionally stressed to the point of being compromised
interestingly is the argument for negligent homocide for allowing yourself to get body jacked
Doc_Mod, wouldn't the sleep walking murder cases qualify with that?
Basically, if you're big and scary you're fucked in court
am I right?
or if you're just a serial killer
Narwhal is a 2nd trigger
FUCK
I just grazed for 2 damage on a 91% ambush high ground shot
I do like that people treet Doorman like we treat the AI in space station 13
I also like to imagine people are equally rude about it
AI DOOR!
They basically treat a fully sapient piece of hardware as a door opener
huh
Holy shit
I just got Iron curtain and close and personal as AWC buffs on a technical
I am now going to start sacrificing rookies to RNGEESUS
Just as planned
also now I cant help but wonder if WB shamelessly stole the plotting bird creature thing from WH40k
...which I should not speculate on while he is here
fuck
I just don't want to be rude to you WB
Its your place here
and the concerns the other day wasn't a dick thing but a common trend with newer authors
and I was never really serious about being a dick about it
you're a good guy and a good writer, but sequels concern me in these fields because the historical precident for major one hit wonders tends to go downhill.  Just look at The Maze Runner, Eragon, or even arguably the Harry Potter series.  All have a notable decline in quality from book too book as the sequels go on.
It was more so I was amused at that timing
I wasn't quite serious that time
this time I also wasn't very serious
but did think I made a bad joke a bit rudely
and I am sorry about that
If it helps I make fun of stephen king and JK Rowling a shockingly large amount of the time
as well as stan lee and bioware
not helping?
I'm just going to shut up now
Tal, someones already done an ass comparison from ME: A and ME: 2
its glorious
@JENTHULHU, thats been a consistant and annoying thing with modern tech.  Everything is supposed to be shinier with more moving parts.  As opposed to basic simplicity and efficiency
hell thats the big problem the Tesla was having, too many engine components causing the battery to explode early in'
they fixed it later but still.
also why the US military has major maintenance problems.  The Osprey is an awesome piece of tech, as is the F-35.  But both of them have so many goddamn moving parts that they break down constantly
in the ospreys case those break downs usually occur in places that crash the vehicle
and/or kill everybody on board
fair.
those things are awesome, they can carry tanks
and most of the crashes involving chinooks were maintenance failures or from being shot down.  Otherwise its a beast of a vehicle
They're also large enough to support an obscene amount of soldiers
really has that vietnam feel going to it, even if its not used in front lines much now
Awww, I cant find the video
some livestreamer I watch cheesed the hell out of one of the breath of the wild temples when raging
Also theres a fun exploit someone found
Fucking sectoids!
I remember I was once playing brazil in a Watch the Skies campaign, we allied with japan immediately, and the GM promptly told us we were NOT allowed to create a team of Teenage School Girls with attitude to combat the alien menace
we both were pretty upset
We just wanted to give 12 year olds high tech military equipment and send them to fight aliens in hostile nations
Is there REALLY anything that wrong with that?
Yes, my presidential term as President of Brazil was interesting
We were brazil, were one of the most degenerate nations on the planet anyway.  Have you seen Brazillian beaches?  They're one step away from being straight up nude
and don't get me started on our plans to combine capybara DNA into our national soccer team players to create super soldiers/win the world cup!
Or how we accidentally started a nuclear war covering up the theft of Germanies world cup trophy
and directly contributed to the end of the world
and how the aliens were a peaceful scientific expedition the whole time
we were just incompetent
I've proposed it here, I can pull up Wonkmins notes from synirc if you guys want
he rewrote the entire module to be run in rd20 over the course of a few weeks
as opposed to irl in a gym
hey vereor, you know xcom 2 lw2 at all?
I need to know if I'm about to !!XCOM!! myself
I have a 7 hour deadline to a supply raid, can I run it or will I die horribly?
Got the link to the module
Anyone want me to PM them his watch the skies stuff?
He also wanted me to invite you to the thane game hes running atm
Watch The Skies, its a megagame about an alien incursion and Earths response, different players play different government groups of different nations
and/or corporations, press, UN, or the aliens themselves
Thane is basically a Game of Thrones style middle ages game
although I am markedly less familiar with that because this is the first time I've done it and I haven't played it like I have watch the skies
but wonkmin is a pretty solid GM
anyway, heres the handbook for Watch the skies 
sorry for the info dump
Ah wow, that was fun
The stun lancer tried to melee my technical, missed, and was mistaken for a pheasant
which opened up the flank for me to grenade another soldier, move onto the flank to force the troops to move into an area supression from my high ground supression gunner, and then got the sectoid burned to death
Wait, I can't Iron Curtain with a shotgun :'(
FUCKING DRONS
F*CKING DRONESS
sorry
Xcom 2 rage
I recall this weird idea of a antagonist trying to commit mass genocide for achievements
Akatosh is a weird topic.  Time fuckery was involved and Akatosh may have killed his father and assumed his place, caused a dragon break (a temporary break down in space and time working right) and then gone stark raving mad
Its like Clavicus Vile
Clavicus Vile is both the Daedra and the Dog
they are two faces of the same soul
even if one murders the other for a hundred years or so every now and then
Daedra can't truly die, as they are tied to those planes, however what you can do is hijack a role from one another.  With Sheogorath it was giving the role of Sheogorath to the Hero of Kvatch, which is probably the most poisoned gift one could ever give
especially since it comes with a heaping teaspoon of your face no longer being your face
Which does WONDERS for your sanity
Also why you get fuckery like Alduin saving you at the beginning of skyrim because you free him from the elder scrolls later in the campaign
up until you release alduin from the elder scrolls you HAVE to live because if you are killed causality fails
Yes, TES is weird.
but its one of the most fun and lore intensive settings out there
the games might not hold up as well.  But the lore is amazing
I moderated the wiki for a solid two years back in the day
Yes, and time has broken in the past catastrophically
and this may have happened multiple times
Because they got baited hard by Azura into stabbing the heart of what turned out to be the heart of the daedric god of knowledge
Its also become a justification for lore inconsistencies
The coprus guy got claimed by the Daedric lord of Pestilence so didn't go with the rest.
Also why Meridia and Jyggalag are the two odd ones out in the daedric lords
because both are so fundamentally against the basic concepts that daedra stand for
Similarly why Arkay is weird
I thought sheogorath was because the Daedra all hated Jyggalag
so they cursed him to be his antithesis
which also was much more in sync with daedric principles of entropy
in fact, sheogorath is arguably the strongest representation of entropy, up their with Dagon
But yeah, Arkay and Jyggalag are basically the polar opposites of the groups they stand for
Arkay is a force of entropy in a group that maintains order, and Jyggalag is a force of order in a group that maintains Entropy
but yet destroying arkay would be disasterous as would tolerating Jyggalag to live
because Jyggalags concept of order tends to be mutually exclusive to life
Jyggalag stands for order.  Perfect Order.  The kind that is perfect in every sense of the word.  Think Accord if he took adderal
the big difference is Jyggalag has goddamn eldrich abomination powers on top of that
I also am dissapointed at oblivion not ending up a divine proxy war
it would've been awesome if you had to negotiate between daedra for which ones will side with you or rather not side with dagon
because some of them, such as Sanguine, Azura, Meridia, and even arguably Malacath all have good reason to want humanity to continue
Dagon wanted to fulfill his purpose
which was destruction
Hex, Molag Bal could draw people into his realm by claiming souls
he did so in game when you killed a supporter of his rival in his name
he has a whole dimension of unfortunate souls he tortures indefinitely
Mehrune Dagon wanted to destroy everything so that he could effectively become all powerful
by doing so he would carry out his nature as far as he physically could
Azura, Nocturnal, and Hircine all had voluntary tributes
Vaermina required the living in order to harvest their dreams
The Night Mother was weird as fuck and is too mysterous to really get much on
Peryite
Clavicus Vile doesn't neccesarily need tamriel but enjoys playing tricks on them
similarly sanguine draws enjoyment from drunken degeneracy even though he has a large amount of mortal souls of drunken degenerates he has won over
Sheogorath has the souls of the profoundly mad in which he has plenty of, but always is looking to invest further
Boethiah claims souls by the dozens since his followers are constantly assassinating each other in his name
Hermaeous Mora actually lost his war with azura so is pretty fucked
Yes, thats the problem.  Sheogorath is utterly unpredictable
he might decide he likes you and grant you his boon, only to drive you profoundly mad at a later date because he got bored
and/or just kill you and wear your guts for garters
true
plus the aedra are playing a very unclear long con also
it doesnt help that the head of the house of aedra is profoundly insane
yes
Or that Arkay is similarly paradoxical
Insane like he possibly was the descendent of akatusk who retroactivelly killed akatusk to become akatosh and then suddenly akatosh was always the god of time yet he was never born and now he is in a paradoxical state of existence and oh look reality broke again
~~Dragon Break~~
Schrodinger just suffered an anurysm
@Hex, it doesn't help the altmer are complete douchebags also.
As is your waifu
Which is arguable heresy and opens up all sorts of !!FUN!! implications that tend to end poorly
The altmer also hate Arkay for that same reason
because they consider morality a curse
mortality*
forgot an important letter
I should sleep
as a resident of /tg/ I agree with you, but I think we mean different things
But yeah, all the elves suck in Elder Scrolls
They practice ritualistic necromancy
and live in the biggest volcanic hellhole on Tamriel
heh
Did you miss the rest of the snow elves?
@Mister_Shoebox, the problem was... the nords DIDNT wipe his species to extinction
But hex, have you seen those warriors from hammerfell?
They have Curved swords!  Curved. Swords.
Didn't sheogorath also convince the dwemer to drop a moon on a city?
because sheogorath didn't like the city
so he decided they should have a nice A E S T H E T I C crater instead?
Which got him a nice seat in the naughty corner of the house of troubles
I'ma get off too
happy to pick up this convo whenever though
see ya
have a great one
It is annoying you have to manually check and install them are
I'm STILL having some odd compatability issue I'm not finding
my god
WB was the ghost of Stan Lee this entire time!
Everything makes sense now
it was run by a quadraplegic, of course it was a shitty party.  Hard to make good guac when you have no motor control.
Its hard to make good guac with full motor control even
I need to make some guac now
I'ma go out and get some guac stuff later today
@WB huh, I should try that
oh my god
I am so jealous of that
wait, did he died again?
Elara, I take back everything
we can never be friends now
I just cant befriend someone who feels that way about avacaods
avacados*
I don't quite know what just happened
I just have a strange series of burns on me and a lot of confusion
burns to my self esteem WB
wait, I cant tell if I actually pissed someone off or not now
ah
I g2g
WOOT!
Ore freighter carrying several thousand units of compressed Glare crust went down
I have a whole cache of glare crust I've been sitting on to sell
so now that the market just took a hit the price will suffer a mild spike
not a huge one because theres a lot of glare crust, but 2000 units isn't insignificant
seeing that was approximately 1 billion isk worth of ice for that one type
Is it bad I'm cheering on the demise of a massive freighter with a crew of several dozen to over a hundred people onboard?
but doc, capitalism ho?
but I'll make a killing in the process
Hey, I also fly police comets and play as the space police
I make some pretty amusing local comets as I blow up mining ships for illegally operating without a permit
or for speeding, or [Redacted]
gotta see if I can say the last one first
but I do some pretty shitty things in eve while carrying out police memes
bleh, they're all afk I'll just move on
waaait, WB rolled dice on taylor in the endbringer attack too?
huh
That seems like a bit of a risky plot.  Definitely would've been interesting to have a multi perspective piece but it also would of probably had less impact
still would DEFINITELY be an interesting concept
Also cardboard plot armor
her biggest plot armor was her literal armor
Also it literally killed reagent to be a hero.
Also someone commented that Mannequin is basically Mr Freeze and now I can neither unsee it nor stop attributing Arnold Schwartzenegger quotes to him
Ice to see you
Also rocket science is definitely a thing, at the very minimum boeing does it to build missiles
granted, most of what we call rockets nowadays are actually misidentified
rockets are any system that is only guided on the initial takeoff, and once launched is unguided to destination.  Missiles are guided systems
also rockets tend to have less fuel or be less efficient with it.
heh
>not buying a $2 bottle on the otherside and stocking up beforehand
Or alternatively getting the free bottles on the Iceland flight
but they are duty free
that means none of that money goes to the government right?
I got drunk at a fundraiser once
it was fun
have you ever had fig liquor?
My judgement is poor enough when I am sober
Amen
same here actually
makes me worry I will extrude an eye patch and get a pet parrot
What kindergarten did YOU go to?
I don't really go for bitter stuff either
I used o be all about sweet, savory, spicy, or sour
unfortunately with my lactose issues savory is harder to come by
Tonic is awful stuff
Only the british could come up with something so repulsive to consume
well, you and the nordic countries... goddamn Lutefisk
Also, It is very interesting how tonic works
Along with that, it has some interesting side effects
Huh, I didn't realize quinine was actually toxic to the malaria parasites
I thought it was just something that made malaria infected mosquitos actively avoid you
and it altered how your body sweat smelled or something.  Apparently I was wrong.
On a completely unrelated note, Harvard apparently finished analyzing that purple orb Nautalus live picked up!
Apparently they think its a novel species of Velutinid
@Ritic, man, even with that being empty that broom and dustpan still gotta have some grit on them
granted maybe my greenburgh nature center days have me jaded to the average amount of mess those clean up
so much chinchilla dust, mache bedding, pine shaving bedding, birdseed, and feathers everywhere
and just general dust
Its a very very dense read
its a good read
but an extraordinarily dense read
You WILL miss things the first time around
I like using house of leaves levels of _____ as a descriptor now
Is there a WoG on what sleepers power actually was?
Woot!
link?
Ah
What if his power is to make you suddenly get one of those waves of fatigue you feel when caffine gives out on you?
where you just can't stop yawning and its very annoying
but its a wide area shaker effect and nobody can be arsed to deal with it
Do you ever think up a question when dreaming and decide to ask it or say it in chat only to realize its non-sensical and your subconsious is a shit comedian?
WB can make a serial killer power out of a ham sandwich
Elara, please tell me you aren't anywhere near downing street atm
Ah nvm apparently the parliament situation was police shooting, not a gunman.  Phew
EA is definitely a big part of it Cyr
They are pressuring companies into rushing products under threat of cutting funding
also they have a truely cancerous payment and support system
historically people have been banned from origin forums and all of origin at the same time
or banned from origin for single player modding
because the goddamn thing was scanning your entire computer
hell, even valve was more discriminatory the one time they set that up
Also fuck pre-order culture and broken game purchasing
Also a large part of the problem is the fact that I genuinely can't tell if Bioware is actually a company that makes RPG games or if they're an overly complex overly graphics driven Haram Waifu Sim game
I'm still convinced the entire reason for the reaper incursion was because they wanted Shepard Senpai to notice them
This is the same reason the Illusive man wanted to bring back Shepard.  Do you have any idea what humanity could do with that kind of power?
The power to waifu the entire galaxy at their finger tips?
The illusive man was truly messing with powers outside of his control
I was commenting that everyones got it wrong
Mass Effect is actually a Haram waifu simulator
and The Illusive man just wanted to master the secrets of shepards magnificent ass for the purpose of human supremacy
it doesn't help that they used a fish to map the mouth code
Also I'm waiting for the outpouring of Richard Ryder memes
I just opened that twitter link and now my wrists are bleeding
thanks vereor
I gave it 11 episodes to get good
it didn't
Shit
Anyone know if Elara lives in london or not?
okay, just checking
I like to check in on people after things like that just as a good principle.  Especially since the eve community has had...incidents before.
I cant help but feel worm makes the same issue with expendeble and disposable
PRT are supposed to be expendeble, Merchant grunts are disposable
eh, something that popped into my head about how much people mix up expendeble soldiers and disposible in both definition and function
using PRT as throwaways in stories who die by the dozens when thats not how they get used
Has anyone noticed how disturbing all the breath of the wild shipping charts are?
I mean I understand everyone wants to ship Link X Sidon but has nobody noticed how creepy that was when its apparent you and his sister were an item
basically, Legend of Zelda BOTW is why Hyrule cannot have nice things
You know, I only just realized
Oni Lee, if he wasn't completely brain damaged, could have totally pulled the TELEPORTS BEHIND YOU: "Nothing personal kid" meme
as could trickster
Mass Effect was a bust
I just missed a 100% iron curtain shot with a goddamn machine gun
how do you miss with a machine gun
Night guys
have a nice time with your conversation about pedo clocks
or pedometers
whatever they are
my meds give me weird acid trip dreams
if any of them are worth sharing I can share em
All they want is a hug
Do you think hugging them would throw them at all?  Or actively fucking with them with non-sensical action?
they clearly are designed to react to actions seeing how reagent shit talking it got him smited
the trick is to fill them with lead, works much better, plus gives you that awesome paint taste whenever you scrape it
ah, went there, kept cutting the inside of my mouth, damaging my braces, or lamenting that I couldn't eat apples/corn
and then accidentally doing it anyway
You ever bit into an apple only to feel a harsh tugging and think "goddamn it not again"
apples are chewy and firm
if you bite into one it drags the wire
and it puts tension on any particularly weak binding
and then next thing you know you lose some of those metal caps painfully
and you need to go and cut the goddamn thing
yeah, thats an odd bit
but when it gets worse it starts prodding your cheek
cheekily
RIP
have you gotten one of those wire cutter things for emergencies?
oh I know of some wax that'd help
Huh, new report on the New Zealand earthquake came out
they're calling it the most complex earthquake ever studied
and it is pretty fascinating, apparently it did some very bizzare things for an earthquake and actually might help explain that 1800s earthquake in America that study of was impossible due to it being in silt and mud
Apparently the earthquake jumped faults, possibly using some lesser faultlines they didn't even know existed, which is impressive since its New Zealand, one of the best places to study earthquakes on the planet
its right on the ring of fire and in a country stable and resourceful enough that you can actually get supplies in safely and regularly and arrange long term residency without serious concerns
wat
wait, what would happen if clockblocker and grey boy time stopped each other?
but clocks power trumped scion for a good minute
didn'
thats an odd difference
you'd think scion would have the advantage, but it seems like he has to manually activate everything
and thats why you never activate all 100% of your brain processing power
I know, it pisses me off too, plus what people say seems to misunderstand that theres a reason consious thought is only one portion of the brain
because the other bits of our brain all perform vital functions too
like interpretting all those random sounds as words and then tying those words to concepts, allowing us basic comprehension
you're one of those who are a fan of gestalt theory?
more interesting is that brain mass definitely isn't a raw contributer to intelligence
seeing as humpback whales are unarguably less smart than us and some guy was missing between 60% and 80% of his brain mass and still at only slightly0 below average intelligence
are we citing the same thing?
because the guy I'm thinking of was a public servant
and definitely not average intelligence, although was close
huh
only knew the one
then theres the usual phineas gage citation which, word of advice, NEVER read the medical documentation for
I was curious, I read it, it was horrifying.
very curious about the Malala case too, she took a bullet to the head at close range and suffered minimal brain damage from what we've seen in public appearance
and what is definitely visible is hard to distinguish from nerve damage
The big problem, is that the brains already energy intensive
the more processing power, the more blood and nutrients used
so eventually it becomes unsustainable
I personally think the interconnectivity is vital to the whole thing
if you mixed and matched or tried to connect a bunch of rat brains together through some sort of hypothetical method to make them function as one unit, you'd still run into problems that can't be resolved without having our brains level of interconnectivity
that does make me curious about animals like dolphins and parrots which have seemingly no time at which plasticity ceases
I do appreciate that my roommates opinion of worm is that the more you learn of the setting, the more grim derp it gets
oh god I tried watching illegally streamed content and just fucked everything
hopefully didnt get a virus
definitely scanning everything before doing banking
also yeah, figured out what happened
RIP vereor
heh
I have two programs meant to block ads and tracking software
and I guess they fucked up whatever malicious ad was trying to be loaded badly enough to crash chrome
which is part of the fun things they do
no its not
Ublock origin and disconnect
ublocks a pain in my ass to manage to not break things with
disconnects actually decent
I'm a bit more aggressive with parameters due to twitch and youtube being annoying
but yeah, basically, sometimes when they block a script programs will try to load it again
and it creates this exponential effect where the site is running more and more attempts to load a script, failing, and then reattempting
followed by starting a new process due to poor coding due to people not banking on a script failing
we had an event of this with the midi code for the graveyard in SS13.  every 2 seconds someone spent in it was another process doubling for the sound file, so if people were exploring a bunch that round the server died
I forget, does blushy have a .tell function?
or no?
That does raise the question, aleph and bet 4chan have to be constantly shitting each other up and/or egging each other on
it'd be amusing for 4chan to raid tumblr on another dimension for what the iteration on one did
yes
clean your damn fans occasionally
and the dust filters
thats odd then
somethings gotta be goofing
thermal paste might be chipping
check that out if you can crack it open
if the thermal paste is compromised it might need to be replaced
fuck
second stutter today
skin/spin goof
huh, this one actually has me stumped
normally videos like this tend to be concerning because people shouldn't get close to whales, but this isn't a sick whale, its definitely not sleeping or stressed, and this isn't a behavior I recognize for anything else.  Plus the boat appears to be idling as they should be.
so honestly, I think this is exactly what the face value is.  Which is adorable
but I still am stumped to how it occurred
fuck, their goes easy solution usb hub possibly fried
i didntt think that thrpugh use usb mouse
god blrss touch screen
yep, that appears to have unfucked it
USB hub was corrupt
Hey
should I be concerned if I last changed my password July 25th, 2009?
evening
eh, so so, I removed 76 seperate adware programs and had to reinstall a ton of drivers and change all my passwords
but other than that good
I had one virus that likely downloaded them all over time
probably from one of the many shady porn sites, mods, freeware, pirate streamed cartoons, pirate streamed anime, 4chan related things, pirate streamed movies, or school software I downloaded/viewed
what'd it say?
ouch
thankfulyl IRS is forgiving so long as you pay them
double check it to be safe
they're right more than they are wrong, but they occasionalyl fuck up, verify you actually paid
yeah, just remember, although the fine will go up, so long as you make a reasonable effort to cooperate you'll probably be fine
So...
life pro tip: Do not put oven mitts or microfiber cloth in the dryer
its a bad idea
I forgot why I uninstalled McAfee last time
Fuck McAfee
also it has dozens of annoying pop ups and is borderline adware
huh
glen has a SB account
TIL
glenraj
or however you spell his name
didnt want to ping him but he aint here atm apparently
is there any plot to monster hunter
or is it just ride monsters like a bronco and stab them in the face
while basically being weibo dark souls
Frying plantains again
hopefully it doesnt explode like last time
c1First pair came out great
Also @Achelea remember to always drive defensively, if you get in a crash you will lose, so try to not push situations like you would in a car
as you lack the protective metal box
@Lacks, not drying the pan before cooking
water boils off in the pan and since its at the bottom it blasts out 300 degree farenheit oil on everything
odd question
what happens if noelle grabbed the butcher?
or even worse, if noelle killed the butcher?
Huh, now I get why theres the big debate on taxonomy with sea lions and seals
they really do look like they behave closer to overgrown weasels than bears
on the flip side, I've seen a sea lion do a territory challenge on my brother and that looked like a bear behavior
(that behavior involves charging at speed and stopping literal inches from the person)
scared the SHIT out of my brother
Basically, it was a juvinile male that was likely practicing on him
so he probably wasnt at real risk.  Still its a 200 pound mass of blubber, muscle, and murder so its intimidating
200+ pound mass
You know, seals and sea lions got me into marine and behavioral bio
when I was like 10 I got knocked over and disoriented mucking about in the waves off of cape code and saw this harbor seal swimming past giving no fucks, literally within 3 feet of me
was absolutely fascinating to see at the time, especially when I couldnt tell whether or not I was above or below the waterline.  Then the undertow hit me, slammed me into the seafloor, and I ended up scraping myself a bit while getting shoved back onto the shore by the wave
I was not a smart child
Huh, something that confuses me
Why did every single field except for biology go completely insane in the 1960s
I mean psychology went insane, dosing EVERYTHING with LSD and electrocuting things, or raising them like people.  The government sanctioned the CIA to do everything, including giving diseases to the populace and dosing colleges with drugs.  The only notable thing is people finally figured out how to properly keep animals in captivity, and that was overshadowed by people also figuring out how to better exploit them.
they also dosed an Elephant with 297 mL of LSD for an attempt to cause it to enter Musth
in comparison for you non-drug using plebians, the average dosage of lsd ranges from 50-100 Microlitres
they're techically behavioral biology which is somehow a subsect of psychology
so we get to disown them and be smug
Christ
Some people from the space station 13 crowd managed to apparently create a negative temperature singularity in the engine room
causing the temperature to become INFINITELY NEGATIVE as well as the pressure
and froze everything on the station after sucking it in.  Even cyborgs which aren't supposed to freeze as well as other ""unfreezable"" items
can you direct scion our way, tell him we did it
at an infinitely negative temperature I think entropy stops as everything is holding onto its potential energy
or something
someone who actually understood it explained it to me, that it causes the entropy curve to become a line
Apparently its because at that temperature, despite all being at maximum potential energy, it has nothing to dump into, and therefore is stable (in a state of extreme instability)
if you touched it you'd cease to exist violently however
heh
now I wonder, do you think there are parahuman pirates off the coast of africa?
with naval task forces actively hunting them?
although I think leviathan ruined that also
do you think Somalia would be more of a shit hole or less of a shit hole?
because on one hand feudalism would actually be a step up for the average somali
but on the other hand that many triggers means anarchy anyway
Granted everyone forgets Somaliland is a thing
Aren't you an engineer anti?
so why the sad face
you should be smug and condescending to biologists for not being a real field of science
I have to use laptops in class. My handwriting is illegible
I learned to write when I still had the hand eye coordination of a victim of parkinsons
seriously, I had a whole bunch of neurological issues back in the day and still occasionally have problems with them
You know, before it turned out I was among the dozens of people that got trolled, I was legitimately curious how it'd go if taylor died and aegis didn't during leviathan
then it turns out that WB wasn't serious and was just being cheeky
you said a while back you rolled dice for the endbringer attack
that quote made tvtropes among other places
Isn't it being cheeky to troll half the fanbase with that quote?
wait, Hey!
Someone told me you later said you weren't serious about that comment
That was the quote, I think ti was vereor who said you later said you werent serious
unless it was vereor that trolled me and not you
That wouldn't neccesarily cast you in a poor light
fucking with your audience would be perfectly valid
I mean, sure WoG is significant, but it wouldn't be a big suprise if you occasionally fuck with the crowd and dropped some horrifying thing before not being serious, or give us some ominous commentary
anyway, sorry WB
i mean, i doubt wb was planning to kill off his main character that early
oh
i read that one, no clue what it was called
aegis picking up taylor in the back of his mind would be a weird way to continue worm, lol
It was a joke, Jyggalag
Someone in chat asked if he was serious, he said no
Sometimes I notice that there's lots of people who still believe the joke about the dice rolls during the Leviathan fight
I can supply more context but yeah, I'm confused now too and roar was only tangential to that line
anyway, night folks, or... morning I guess?
ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
also vern you trolled me and WB got annoyed over it
I thought you were serious when you said WB was joking over the dice thing
that WB used dice for endbringer attacks
I never got how the flash doesn't kill the people he interacts with
he should be causing extreme whiplash and dislocated joints or even straight up concussing people with what he does
Does super...wait shit he did in at least one fic
actually thats canon*
that he does have a beard in one thing involving time fuckery
That is a fair point, depending how you interpret it his x-ray vision may even be a subset of it, or hes just sandbagging hardcore because its an obscenely strong ability
in one of the alt verses he actually was lobotomizing people with it
which was pretty damn horrifying
flight, physical invulnerability, x-ray vision + (generally suggested there are other elements to things he perceives), and enhanced hearing at a minimum
along with the vague heat vision stuff and super strength
granted both are inconsistent
invulnerable to physical attacks
most of what hurts him is some form of magic right?
Zods kryptonian, hes got the same bullshit going
huh
a power I bet alexandria is jealous she doesn't have
man the consensus on bioware and ME:A is scathing
they put their C team on ME:A and only put $4 million into the budget for 5 years
they tried to emulate ME 1 ignoring much of ME 1 was due to coding constraints
they had the cutscenes and elevator scenes as a way to hide loading screens
they also managed to have worse facial animation than ME 1, which is actually an achievement
also I like dunkeys statement that he tried to make a comedically fucked character but couldn't outdo the default female character who looks like she could be a botched plastic surgeon case and/or serial killer
her face reminds me of that crazy girl meme from the early 2000s
and the voice acting, banter, and lines are mediocre too
@keyonte0, ~~Eezo exposure~~
Yes, but most depictions aren't
I always loved the idea that "you arent the chosen one, you're some random crazy dude that took brain damage and somehow managed to become saner from it"
Well, it brings a sound end to the franchise
theres no salvaging that
Wait, someones asking me for a description of weaverdice who doesn't know worm
what should I tell em?
This was in a /r/rpg thread on high fatality settings
and/or systems
Taking the description off of the what is weaverdice thing on the subreddit
and linking him to it for more information
I feel the warp overtaking me, it is a good pain
I actually have to duck out now, probably wont be back for a while
hey spell
heyo spell
IT LIVES
Did the server die for a while?
huh, I was getting a consistent connection error and ping tests showed you guys down
PC stands for Personal Computer and anyone who disagrees with me needs to check their administrative privileges
that quote is glorious
did that message go through, it freaked out over the coloring
Vape the space alien juices
I love moderate to heavy rain and thunder and lightening
but I goddamn hate drizzle
fuck drizzle with a rusty rake
either go all out or not at all weather
but yeah, lightening is always beautiful
especially when you've got that lighting up of the sky and can see the glow of it
there was the most surreal thing after hurricane sandy where you could step outside and it looked like the storm was thundering heavily, but actually you were just seeing dozens upon dozens of transformers arcing uncontrollably
yeah, took us a good 10 minutes of watching to realize that there was no thunder with hurricane sandy, it was actually a bit freaky in hindsight
new york got maybe a half an inch of rain or so, all the flooding was storm surge
is it calculus?
if so RIP I got a 17 on my final in it
in that case I might be able to actually walk you through it a bit
wont answer it for you
but I may be able to explain what you're forgetting
pm it to me?
hey aly
gratz
...hasnt it been like 5 hours?
Yes, mostly offscreen
she had a blaster power that allowed her to effectively be artillery
Fracta, its more so she could do the job of conventional soldiers solo
and can aim, load, and fire artillery with precision at automatic rate of fire
despite the fact that doing so is literally impossible without losing hands or blowing up the gun irl
because her power reset the howitzer each time
She can't do anything the military can't do, but she has the effective ability of an entire goddamn artillery platoon
what do you call a cluster of artillery with support?
with like a few dozen logistics, math, and REMF nerds behind it
because she effectively does the work of a good half a dozen of em or so seeing as she can fire it, despawn it, respawn it, and instantly fire again
also starbursts, smoke, tracer, and chemical shells are weapons
star shell*
endbringers they throw every asset at
the big problem cy, is that you dont know what happens when you cross the streams
the more exotic effects you randomly cross the more likely you have an adverse reaction
two powers that cross and kill everybody
you NEVER cross the streams
the thing is, if clockblocker fucks the timing he loses a limb and/or dies
if the siberian goofs she just has to respawn her projection
arguably a one sided gamble
hell, didn't siberian do a number on scion, even if it didnt make a huge difference
she went inside of scion-senpai for a good like 20 seconds
straight up overlapping him
Scion-senpai notice me
oh god, now I'm imagining a siberian that was black and white tiger stripes along with the kawaii purple things?
Thats a relatively amusing and horrifying notion
would that even be gibs or just like...meat strips?
would the meat still be frozen?
I honestly have no idea how he confers immunity without accidentally   his allies
presumably the striker power is a different thing entirely
thank god dabbing isn't canon in wormverse
it only became a thing in 2016 right?
I got banned last time I tried to tap into meme magic, would not recommend
You know, New Zealand wildlifes scarier than Aussie wildlife
this  is wildlife in new zealand
yes, but you also have giant spiders
Giant. Spiders.
What about these dudes?
New Kingsmen poster also went up
I am hype, I liked the original
hey, does anyone know how to stop getting system exit mutex BSOD errors?
I cleared the one virus I had off of my system, reinstalled all the fucked drivers, and verified integrity
WHAT
OH GOD NO
NO NO NO
Please god!  We've had enough snow!
Hypothetical scenerio
someone finally lets bonesaw have a pony... how quickly does everything go to shit?
damn, almost had it
I'm playing on legendary and have to take down an early game muton which got an extra HP point with a bunch of experienced soldiers with only moderately upgraded ballistic weapons
I got very close this time, got the package, killed the sectoid, and their gunner and had an evac down, but the muton didn't get put down by a 100% shot that missed somehow
and as a result I needed to devote someone who should've been hacking a robot to it
I'm on the preliminary for my research grant proposal so I'm hyped
and pending discussion tomorrow it sounds like even with the strong bit of conjecture I can't use the proposals pretty rock solid
?
ah, not to me
yeah!  If all goes well I'll be the guy who threw 10 years of observation data into question and changed how the methodology works
Wow this is creepy as hell
I'
For my psych class I've been tasked with observing groups of people behaving normally on school property
and I'm just creepily staring at people and putting dry as hell notes as if I'm talking about cattle or something
really fucking bizzare
It just feels...dirty when its a group of women... I mean sure its what I'm supposed to be doing but still
like I'm being one of those horror story creeper folk
huh, not familiar with that one
gotta look that one up, I'm familiar with a good 9/10 major dolphin studies
even know half the horrifyingly unethical ones due to lessons on how not to run a project
But my college had a professor directly involved in MK-Ultra, so psych at this college is extra fun
I'm studying psych
but I want to go into behavioral bio or marine bio
the place I did my high school stuff at was a relatively fun outpost in belize
with the big problem of they don't have a known mortality rate or cause of death for dolphins in that region since the crocodiles get the corpses first
eh, the crocs are scavengers, the problem is theres no way a landbound researcher will beat an aquatic crocodile to an aquatic animals floating carcass
its just impossible
I dont think grant paid field researchers get paid enough for that
dude, those crocs are 5 feet when they are young adults, the full grown ones are anywhere from 7 to 11 feet long
and terrifying
like literally one of the few animals I nope away from
Yes
twice
New York, I go to college in New england
but I spent 2 summers in Turneffe Atoll
turneffe has crocs, sharks, mannetees, mosquitos, cockroaches, you name it
its central america, everythings native there
Woot
op success, scientist recovered + intel package
and I only took 100% squad casualties
Xcom 2
It was an extract the VIP
I had the vip and used my rookie as a distraction
at the last possible moment the specialist squaddie procced another mob and got grabbed
and then got devoured by serpents alive as the scientist fled
I am an ethical commander
wasnt that historically russias combat method
throw bodies and conscripts at a situation until the government imploded and/or it resolved itself?
Dear god
its snowing outside
and starting to stick
Why england, why did you have to name us after you, cursing us to forever share your awful weather patterns
except we actually get snow here
what is it with England finding all the coolest things by luck on the beaches
first they find preserved human footprints and now this
Are we going to get a large influx of new members over this?
So... think the aussies will be mad when they realize WB killed their capital?
rick died?
ah, rick adn morty nvm
also this 
IT LIVES
Wow
someoen significantly revamped the read worm post on /r/place
and two more bugs
and Australia made there thing 3d and neater
now if you excuse me I am vandalizing the chelsea logo to have Sucks under it
Scion was a Brute "Yes"
and a mover Yes
basically, if you are getting in a fight with scion, you have SERIOUSLY fucked up somehow
probably because that involves directly attacking him
which even the S9 knew was an awful idea until they elected to end the world
So wait, by the end jack slash was in a pepetual state of dying over and over again right?
I imagine scion mostly doesnt stop parahuman bullshit, he'd just save civilians
or keep the building from caving
Reminds me of some fic where taylor triggered with nice guys power
and scion held up the building, hatchet face tried to kill him, and then died horribly
I imagine someone mugging someone, scion runs in, and makes your gun melt
and you just go home and rethink your life
The cancer guy?
Cancer dude touched scion and triggered
My roommate recommends I read watchmen
as an allegedly less grim derp superhero setting
ah
watch what?
not yet, just got it recommended
my weeb friends also recommended my hero academia but its pretty animu
and kind of the kind of setting I'm eh about'
I was at anime boston, they gave portions of s2 e1
and one of the two people I drove trolled me and told me the guy on stage who was translating to english was chris pratt
he totally wasnt
the american guy responsible for the english dub
ah
I totally heard her say Chriss Pratt lol
It was Chris Sabat
It was just loud
and I'm not a big person in the anime scene, just big on going to boston
Anime boston was just an awesome excuse
who?
also yeah, I'm a gamer but not so much an anime guy
but I want to get into a 1 shot thing and I needed dice so I went anyway
got some sweet ones
Also Poor lisa 
If you shove enough carrots into your eyes you will eventually begin to see better
don't you see that the universe as we knew it is a lie!?
Its carrots all the way down man!
its 1:40 am
She must have been busy
wow, makes you think, oni lee could've pulled the same insanity
and did to a far more limited extent, thats probably why he was tolerated as long as he was
Alybad, be careful with that, you don't want to accidentally time paradox and upset the lore junkies
@Logos01, well, for one, it didn't psyche-kill him slowly
oh... oh dear...
her*
how long did kaze last against scion exactly?
and does that work with armsmasters brand of bullshit swords, because if so it gets even more horrifying
so death by 1000 paper-cuts...
except not at all
is it bad I kind of wonder what would happen if black Kaze and oni-lee went full anime on each other?
other than everybody in the splash zone dies?
yes, but she is FAR more dangerous when shes teleporting
oni lee is still dangerous but hes still only at regular-trained killer but normal person strength, shes enhanced and with dozens of her
huh, true
but if oni lee jumps into the teleportation lines of kaze he still instantly dies or takes wounds, so it limits that strategy on both of them
I'd put my money on not wanting to be within eyesight of this event
@Alybad, You didnt dupe region to usa to get $30 off and not get fucked over for no reason
arent NZD and USD basically 1-1?
huh, nvm you didnt get shafted huh
heard stories from australia of having to pay $90 for games that are $60 here
night all
hey aly
You know, I've noticed that one of the big reasons people die in video games is due to looting dakka from wrecks/corpses like a heroin junkie would smack
@Hakurei06, if it helps, the volume selling on bitcoins is shit
its worth a lot, but good luck getting someone to buy it
granted we DID have someone tumble 2 bitcoins after ransoming the source code for one of the space station 13 servers a while back
before everyone stole a few minor tweaks that didn't really change the game all that much and otherwise stopped caring
in fact, arguably the only thing of note that happened from that breach was the fact that most servers got parrots
Has anyone noticed that half the shit in the American military requires roughly as much maintenance as you'd expect tinker tech in worm too?
Germans actually lost a U-boat to someone using a toilet wrong
Which is more a failure of design than actual failure of the user
Chernobyl is a sterling example of communism applied wrong
just because you want to push the everybody applied equally doesn't mean you give random uneducated people jobs that normally require a pHD
because that is how you get ants... giant radioactive ants that kill people
basically, a lot of the people working there were grossly underqualified to be operating a nuclear plant
based on a true story
I've called an ambulance and sent it to the internet
it should be there once they figure out how to TRON things
anyone have a good spaghetti recipe btw?
my last attempt shit the bed a bit apparently
I mean, it was good, but the sauce was watery from too much stock and the meat was tough
still was good food for a snow day
Wait, thats actually a good WoG question for WB:  Did Fukushima plant meltdown due to the Kyushu end...fuck
because leviathan made some NASTY tidalwaves and it was a tidal wave that caused the plant to catastrophically fail in the first place
yes, but it certainly doesn't help the situation
and thats japanese mainland
Sinking Kyushu would've made tidal waves for the rest of the world also
shit, that would've irradiated the fish stock around japan
either lower life expectency or higher poverty/starvation or both
hell, didn't 4 people die in california due to the tsunami in 2011
wonder if those seawalls would've been up to snuff
would have to study all of them to figure out build dates
@Alybad, not irrelavent either way
its the difference between the coastal harbors being destroyed and the cities being destroyed
I'm going to use the Canary Island?? example for a NYC tsunami for this one
where the estimates are around 120 feet or so?
yes, it doesn't help that its a perfect storm scenerio and the biggest supporter of it is info-wars
if hurricane sandy was anything to go off of Staten Island, Long Island, and the subways are fucked also
as well as maybe some of the bronx and landfill queens/mannhatten
still, we'd be talking a death toll of at least 40 again from people not evacuating, ignoring the people who couldn't get out in time or who get caught on the subways
that was in a harbor and they never got a real number on it
that one was a perfect storm scenerio also
earthquake caused a major landslide
it was for Kyushu but theres literally no precident for the rest of it
just like how sinking newfoundland would cause problems
not the least of which being Iceland and Ireland both going broke promptly due to the fact nobodies willing to bulk trade with them
and Icelands a big source of volcanic elements and aluminum for Europe
Speaking of, I do wonder what the piracy scenerio was in the carribean, or if the protectorate had a team explicitly to deal with it
because theres no way capes made mexico or the islands any better
But yeah, the canary island scenerio used to be the big disaster sim for the emergency responders and government to practice with
after 9/11 and katrina it switched to hurricane/widespread terror incident
Which REALLY came in handy for hurricane sandy
We even got emergency responders to staten island (only for survey and simple S and R but the fact it occurred is impressive)
the big problem came with logistics later, which was a QoL issue but wasn't actually life threatening
and where it was life threatening they dealt with it promptly
Not suprised, you've been up longer than I have aly, good night
so doc, how bad off do you think the phillipines are in worm?
They've gotta have a pretty big cape conglomerate there, presumably have vigilantes fighting cartels, tinkers competing for scrapyards/landfills as well as probably more of that insane shit like people stripping historical wrecks behind the worlds back
Have you ever heard of the tragedy of Khepri the wise?
2spooky
The New Wave was a short story WB was writing before worm
I get the feeling WB wrote quite a few short stories and merged them into worm
This is how the world ends... in thunderous applause...
or maybe its that golden guy... shit
You know, I wonder if Kaiser was a game of thrones fan
he controls his armor
@WB kind of like opening a lobster actually
isn't that how you do it with lobster shells too?  You break the joint seals so you can get that meat out of it?
its up to the waste management departments to deal with
much like yard trimmings after your landscaping company illegally dumps them on nature center grounds
which obnoxiously happens twice a goddamn day
Rid, have you ever eaten lobster?
you know how you open up the shell without damaging the meat?
... am I the only one whose gone to a proper lobster bake?
yeah, but you gotta do the arms
'or claws
whatever
You fucking plebian
or is it charlaten
jesus fuck
someone managed to get a 417k hp lorewalker cho
I didnt even know you COULD get to 417k damage/hp in hearthstone
I do love the idea of throwing glitter in accords house
also @keyonte0 its glorious
so many great shit posts come from it
especially when you get things fully on point
I wonder, do you get a blaster 0 rating for throwing rocks at people?>
or a brick/cinder block
so we cant demand 0 ratings for menial things?
Isn't it lunch time in iceland atm?
steams nowhere as good as people give it credit ofr
for*
but it does consolidate things at least
Corrupted my mouse driver again!
I either still have a virus that anti-virus aint catching, or I have a random corrupted driver
think its my freefall sensor?
hmmmm, do you think thaat WB and Gun would make a better ship or WB and anti?
WB and gun both have that stoic thing going but anti and wb are the two big Weaverdice contributers and seem to be the really dedicated folk
I'm definitely shipping saf and thal though
er...
fuck
anti-bow ship it is then!
all aboard!
naturally theres also the rit-E.V. bromance ship also
I'ma stop now
Goddamn
its 45 degrees and rainy out again
I blame you and your country for cursing us again el
why did you have to name us new england, forever tying our weather to yours
well you see, there are land spirits that control the weather
and we offer up sacrifices to them to help satiate them
and they graint us rain for crops and sun otherwise
and keep us warm.  The british cast some kind of freaky gypsey curse on us to make us as miserable as them clearly
I mean, taylors already pretty edgy
the knives are borderline superfluous
Rit, I've never seen this star you refer of
granted I live in new england which has been pepetually grey
Russian is a fun language like that
its very context based
so the word blyat can mean fuck in one context, damn-it in another, or express hatred at the world in a third.
yeah, but english cusses are pretty rigid
while yours are far more flexible in usage
Problem is a bunch of the nuances of worm translate poorer in other countries
like the general nature of the US education system or how much of a decline in lifestyle this book represents
in general
we don't have graveyards of abandoned and rotting ships in america like that usually
even the shittier ports in the country see usage
and there are a half a dozen agencies that are supposed to stop that from happening
for all of them to not care suggests extreme breakdown of the entire maritime system.
thats ignoring the gang situation, although thats basically Camden and Yonkers for you
Sword arts a really bland setting
I can tell you, if I end up in a video game like that I'm market pvping the shit out of it
oh god, 4channers forming a clan in game
and all the eve online players salt farming
they have limited sense of self preservation
and would likely immediately close the nearest body of water
Remember, these are the same people who parcored across british buildings and nearly got arrested just to spite an aging possibly insane celeberity
never underestimate the internets power for degeneracy
Audio drivers just went bye bye
fuuuuuuck
Figured out what was wrong
but it wasnt in time to save those drivers these times
one of my USB drivers and thermal framework got fucked and I had to fix em
I thought you were a hyperdimensional space whale, and thus never all here
must be really annoying to type with pseudopods or tentacles though
ah
thats gotta chip the hell out of those hooves
type /join #(whatever)
and you can usually set autojoin
hi rid
Ah man, I just died gloriously in SS13: CM
??
MMM?
I don't speak squid jen
Ah, I got facehugged and infected
and then ended up frantically waiting for a shuttle far too long, getting aboard, threatening to shoot the pilot if we didnt take off, rushing medical only to find it fully occupied, and then emptying a gun into the door, trying to pry open an airlock with my bare hands, and then chestbursting violently in the middle of medbay
Human arm strength
slow map I guess, it was the ice planet
Ignoring the rampant stupidity found by your average player and the fact that half the marines are basically cannon fodder, you get some nice moments
Well that was another interesting death
apparently this time my blood was more poison in my bloodstream then I had actual blood in it
I dont know, they finally gave up trying to AED me
I managed to inadvertantly become the squads meatshield
including from friendly fire
literally all the goddamn acid and neurotoxin hit me
yes
Someone made a Colonial Marines game in the space station 13 engine a few years back
and its a shit ton of fun
but yeah, my characters blood was apparently more neurotoxin than blood at the end
heh, there was a bunch of people going after a moderator on /r/videos for taking down a video that violated rules but was popular
and since everyone was accusing him of taking money from united I accused him of being a radical islamic terrorist, because if everybodies going to accuse him of crazy shit I might as well also
seriously, what is it with people online assuming mods are taking money, I'm like 60% sure thats usually not how it works for the larger companies.  Maybe the small shady ones though
hmmmm
cognitive dissonance demonstration where we were prompted as a class to sing upfront and were supposed to be discomforted into not doing it
I just didnt want to disrupt the lecture
does that make me fucked in the head?
o7 lacks
morning
its a beautiful day out, I've got an entire essay to write and prep to present on by 6:30 PM, and my parents are flying United to Europe for a trip
so pretty solid I'd say
eh yeah, gotta write a persuasive, I'm doing why your privacy is a lie and theres nothing you can do about it
heh, my mom does insurance, I'm sure she'll be fine on that front
got the stock ticker going live for schadenfreude
thats the chart for it
is the stock itself
note that united isnt the only company in UAL, so they wont drop AS much as they would otherwise because continental got out scott free
and 3.8% drop in less than two hours
in comparison southwests down only .96%
RIP
but yeah, United really fucked up, as in they REALLY fucked up.
and then they doubled down and got the meme market against them now, which is arguably worse because once the public meme makers are against you your PR wont be able to keep up
its interesting how the internet actually overlaps economics
traditionally, airline incidents affect all airlines, however, traditionally airline incidents kill people.
so this is new territory
nothing hurts the economy more than dead bodies
I need to watch it, didnt get a chance yesterday
but the bits I've seen look bad
I've probably watched worse
I've watched quite a few cop murders so as to make an opinion on them
cops murdering people*
not the other way around
Its impossible to get an accurate 2nd hand view of those incidents sadly,
I phrased that poorly
Yeah, geeze they fucked the dude up.
Also the "I'm a doctor" justification is reason enough to NOT bump the guy
you don't bump medical staff from planes, thats just asking for problems
They goofed a few times
for one should have actually confirmed seats for vital personal
then they should have bumped people on standby for those people
then if they still needed to they should've done it in the terminal where there policy says they are supposed to do that at anyway
and then they should've not been idiots and called security on a doctor who got stubborn when there are 100 other applicable individuals
outside chilling today
HYPE TRAIN IS REAL
Taun-Tauns confirmed in Battlefront II!
Truely what we have been waiting for
Its actually not my keyboard, its my I2C (12C?) HID driver failing to properly initialize and me needing to reset it, which is why uninstalling and reinstalling it worked well
havent figured out the cause yet, which is presumably the actual problem driver, but for now I can reset the driver from the manager without actually installing it to fix it
 mistakes were made
aren't one of you folks either provi or BRAVE?
Amarr are the Deus Vult Crusaders of EVE who believe slavery is a valid method of governing other cultures
Viva La Gallente
Where we can snort crash off an exotic dancer and pay her minimum wage to do so, all while being just as unregulated corporate wise as the caldari we claim to be better than
but we also have Quafe, the galaxies greatest soda
so long as you are older than twelve, younger than 70, and not prone to heart conditions
What about Yellowcake?
don't you put it in nukes?
Anyone know how to PM in discord?
ah
There are a few of those.
They arent quite fires in the sense you'd think
they're basically really goddamn slow burning
but its like a goddamn oven
just carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide built up, with barely living fires that don't really consume anything but never quite go out either
and any time you open a hole to it it backdrafts like a motherfucker
absolute nightmares to deal with
theoretically those aren't a problem with the Wyoming coal mines due to modern ventillation and firefighting foam
West virginia its 50/50
honestly if you look at the stats Wyoming coal production is objectively superior to West Virginias, which is part of why they are broke
I have to wonder... every time tracer does her time stutter thing, she can't be keeping her consiousness through that
so thats a whole timeline wherein she died and stuttered back to a state of being alive, over and over again, with her likely having trained herself to not do whatever she was about to do when she experiences one
Was he robbing trains at that time?
how the hell does that work!?  Her brain is part of her body thats being reset
~~Nanites~~
its nanites all the way down spell
Also Mercy has a quite literal Messiah complex
which for someone who can literally play god with life and death is a very scary thing
with a currently 90% success rate, ignore reaper over there
So her tech went horribly right with him?
I'm just waiting on the reaper and torbjorn ship to finally set sale
sail*
Besides, Omnics arent people
They're arguably VIs half the time
immitation of consiousness that lacks the intelligence to back it
shhhhhh
After 200 years of sitting idle and malfunctioning heavily
that was only 20 years!?
Jesus christ that city repaired itself fast
With the new expansion genji has truly become anime.
Ireland hates England, they'd get popcorn and Guinness
I thought the Irish really resented england for the whole 700 years of oppression thing
I'm a fan of the concept that the S9 weren't the only murder hobo group out there, just the longest running/most successful one
who?
I got a really goddamn weird question on some kind of creative thinking exam
So, question
What are alexandrias costumes made of
and did she just have a goddamn wardrobe of them for when she burned through one?
Did she take advantage of her super speed to fuck off when one got shredded, don a new one, and return to the fight?
How the fuck did nobody realize alexandria was costa brown
We all know the internet would be heavily studying alexandria fights for potential nudes because degeneracy
but what about the Greg Vedars of the world
did cauldron just dissapear them?
I mean I wouldn't complain if contessa systematically wiped out /b/
Well, granted she did only have one eye, but the replacement was tinker tech and was durable enough that it took echidna to break it
Wasn't time itself starting to get fucked in dark souls?
Which was why you could get random people from different timelines come in, parry king you and then dance on your ashes?
Or drop multiple "very good" ironic notes on you
I also like how the respec system in dark souls implies if you use it too much you'd end up a flat worm
Dark Souls also brought back a whole genre of gameplay and is a good part of where Rogue Like popularity re-emerged from
and from those of us in the XCOM and Nethack community that was great
Its one of those difficult as shit games where dying horribly repeatedly is an expectation, not a failure
and where you do get punished for dying repeatedly
granted not as hard as other games
May the Hype be with you!
Guys, theres only one way to resolve this
Nous and jules, in a cage, fight to submission or death
keyonte0, this is vidya games, nothing is more serious
Okay, so since we're all openly arguing at this point, what if I told you that Saint did nothing wrong?
I actually don't know that slang
god no
no
Chlorine Trifluoride is one of the nope chems
up there with hydrofluoric acid, osmium tetroxide and diethylmercury
No. I do not want to buy youtube red, please kindly not be immediately south of the subscription button
Odd question
can aegis get cancer?
also would it do anything to him even, or just immediately become a functional organ
never not low quality slutty cosplay
its the anime way
HNNNNNNNGH
FOR THE EMPEROR!
 Classes and prequels confirmed
they're apparently going back to a battlefield esque system for this one, which actually works tbh
Ah, the old argument, Is nosing in considered reckless driving/road rage or acceptable
 Also @WB nosing in is the traffic manouver
where you try to sneak the corner of your car into the other lane to get into it
What about heavy traffic
That sounds like a fun story
ah, reminds me of a few fun exploits I've heard of
So I had an odd thought earlier
Wouldn't accord, in another life, have made a kickass hair stylist?
Imagine it, he could revolutionize the fashion strip
and dear god that'd be a worm/zoolander crossover
Twenty what?
tentacles?
oh god that abomination
I love the star wars battlefront fighter squadron exploit allowing you to abuse shields and falcon punch enemy fighters to deaht with the millenium falcon
Ereus
do you not want to have to cuddle lucio?
Zenyatta
Fuck everyone who says otherwise, bastion is a tank
Soldier 76 is better if your aim is shite
Also if you like to play standard shooter style
as opposed to McCree who is arguably closer to using a shotgun/SMG due to the goddamn handcannon status
Never not mod your game to turn health packs into dorito bags
and the ammo into mountain dew
Never not play anime genji
genji can be good, but has too many notoriously awful players
Plus you get to make harambe jokes with winston
and then kill him with widowmaker or Ana for the drama
morning
but yeah, as I was saying about an hour ago, todays news is weird.  Adidas marketing team shit the bed, Aaron Hernandez finally lost the battle with Chronic-Murdering-Disorder, and also this 
how goes it cukier
always nice
I'd say hiking somewhere nice
granted if you're not new england it might not be as nice
I'd probably then go on to list out hiking spots of interest but I dont know your region
If you're in NY or NJ I'd recommend you hike the Pallisades some time, its a really nice rock scramble for somewhere that is literally just 10 minutes away from the city
ah
also yeah, basically the second coming of OJ Simpson @ El
except less dramatic and more wtf were you thinking
he could've gotten a superbowl ring and visited the whitehouse with the patriots this week, instead hes rotting in a jail cell because he decided to drive-by shoot someone for insulting him
he was*
damn, you guys are getting rained in this weekend apparently
or at least warsaw is
which I assume constitutes the entirety of poland because reasons
Morning
morning assorted folks
jesus fossil
you can't even stay awake 5 minutes without napping?
Welcome!  Please accept your gift bag and assorted party favors at the door.
and complementary *
Out of curiosity, how'd you find this community?
awww, was hoping you were one of the /r/place folks
ah well
there was a relatively large spike in views to /r/parahumans associated with it
allegedly
Hat, he technically is
oni lee literally does realistic style teleporting wherein the old copy is violently destroyed and a new copy is created
oni lee literally does realistic style teleporting wherein the old copy is violently destroyed and a new copy is created" -- that's not so much "realistic" as it is specific to one limited understanding of how teleportation might occur.
I recall one fan fic once compared manton limits to a spork, something that so clearly was artificial and haphazardly filled in a role envisioned by someone with no sense of basic practicality
that actually makes sense
On that note, I've had a question bouncing around I was curious about
What would happen if aegis took a tinker tech stim of some kind?
Normally tinker drugs cause horrific side effects and organ failure but that isnt a problem for aegis
says the idea that the majority of random untested chemicals are probably not great for the human body and I cant imagine space-whale-squids do long term FDA testing
or short term for the matter
mostly fanon from a few sources since tinker drugs dont actually show up in worm
but I think people have gone into it before
and generally agreed that if a tinker made it it'd probably kill your kidneys to take regularly
eh, fair
I crashed by the way and probably missed a part of your rant
Panacea could PROBABLY make drugs, but if she was doing so she would probably just do the simpler thing of altering organs and glands seeing her ethics code is out the window anyway
New York is objectively better than New Jersey
Two can play at this game
who would win, Serbia or scion?
Referring to Polandball serbia
Who would win.  All of the nations in polandball or scion?
I could definitely see serbia stabbing scion in the metaphysical kidney, Or Ireland for the matter
I bet on the roomba, those things are scary
Hes basically a reference, the same way that Armsmasters clearly a statement about batman, Alexandria is a blatant superman reference, and Myraddin is a Dresdin File nod
Myrridin*
Myrddin had some kind of dimensional fuckery he definitely could do other shit with seeing I vaguely recall he melted Evil!Eidolin alive... it didn't stick but still
Coils basically Dr No
well hello Ms Tattletale.
No, I don't expect you to talk, I expect you to die
I want to see somewhere where Jack Slash gets scion to kill himself
as a situation gone horribly right
you know, making scion blow his extradimensional brains out in a manner which would almost certainly be bad for everyone elses health
Hmm, always a fun debate to go into, the whole saint thing, and I know its an overdone argument but thats because its just so compelling, where do you draw the line between an AI mimicking human intelligence and an AI designed to think like a person, and at what point do you win genocide bingo by mucking about with it.
the big problem is the fact that people have started doping in E-Sports
Its apparently a problem in Korea
people need to be at the top of their game so they are encouraged to use amphetamines, and thats ignoring the game rigging
Has anyone ever noticed flechettes power is really good for cartoon style antics?
like the comedically slamming a door in someones face to flatten there face or the swiss cheesing someone bit, (although arguably more horrifying?
flechette as the horrifying amalgamation of shadow stalker and mouse protector.  Everybody run for the hills
I mean, her power IS to be edgy as hell after all
I should sleep
yees
I like to imagine contessa sometimes draws a path and gets half way through it before realizing its either literally suicidal or requires her to do something stupidly evil
sadly dont have my bike in college
dont trust Worcester enough to have one
RIAA is dying for other reasons
most notably the fact that they ardently refuse to follow the current changes to their respective industry'
which they shouldn't be suprised by because in the last 100 years its gone to about 5 different types of records, three different kinds of casettes, and two different forms of cd before going digital
so they REALLY should have seen this coming
yes, but once casettes came about people started making mix tapes with them
which was literally copying the audio off of one onto another wasnt it?
and then you got cds which they barely had control over and everyone was making duplicates of
yes, but its not a sudden thing
there was a natural progression leading up to this point in ease of access
also piracy isn't the big issue now, the big issue is that they don't understand how to properly sell music in this day and age
youtube
yeah
also adblock the shit out of things but thats less of a problem now that I purged the 76 seperate adware programs I had on my computer off
also disconnect because fuck tracking software
?
I do however pirate movies and television, because fuck you disney for making your shit so hard to find online to rent
its either lol buy it forever for an obscene cost or nothing
I like physical books
also its starting to become cost effective to not use larger distributers
Well thats sad, yet another case of onset mental illness in /r/legaladvice.
sadness
Morning
have you ever noticed that iguanas are basically scaly squirrels?
they climb trees, they get into garbage, they're flighty half the time and give no fucks when foods involved, everybody hates them and they get into houses and cause problems
oh, afternoon WB
RIP Bird removal job
Government shutdown risk probably made them leery
seeing that half there job is regulated by migratory bird act and birds of prey protections
you're cyan here
whats that dull blue?  grey color?
Huh, nova logic is suprisingly straightforward
especially since you're basically looking at a giant nuclear meltdown on the surface of a distant star
I cant help but feel that whoever named Anti Psychotic meds Anti Psychotics kind of fucked up
I mean yeah its a good description seeing they are usually used to treat the steriotypical insanity conditions, but it also makes people who take it upset a taking it
especially when there are plenty of diseases that anti psychotics help that don't make you insane
Fair
Taylor is suffering
superpowers arent balanced at all I thought, isnt that the point?
some random asshole can trigger into being a literal god, usually with horrific side effects
thats fair
lung did get the upper ground in the third encounter with taylor though
Also I figured out why scion was so dangerous
due to his powers he had the high ground over everybody
Help, I'm ODing on prequel memes, please send help
Worm 2: Now with extra suffering
70% human casualties across ALL planets, with earth bet being implied to be significantly heavier
extreme cultural shock due to cauldron not neccesary thinking through which planets got whic people
teachers still doing his insanity
He somehow inexplicitly lived too
didnt he?
who knows
but a lot of them had first contact events by seeing a strange golden man immediately followed by the appocolypse
so they probably aren't going to be very happy with parahumans
especially seeing all the nukes and large bombs on there planet immediately got stolen
which probably plunged some uneffected planets into immediate wars
I cant imagine if every nuke and large explosive on earth dissapeared spontaniously that there wouldn't be an immediate war or five
Israel, Iran, America, Europe, Russia, China, and North korea all get screwed
oh right
Pakistan and India are nuclear also
how long does it take to make a nuke anyway?
like a few months?
they aren't like Ikea furniture surely?
Americas biggest threat is the fact that it can fire a missile or launch a bombing raid anywhere on the planet within 20 minutes.  Without missiles or bombs americas just stuck with conventional warfare, which although America is good at is a lot worse of a situation
and means that you'd be sending in commandos instead of bombs
would be interesting as a scenerio
also everyone immediately laughs at North Korea for being back to square one
I can't imagine taylor was being quiet when she grabbed them all though
wouldnt literally millions of portals open up everywhere at once?
Depends what future culture is
we'll all probably end up looking horrible
I mean past America is war crime upon genocide and UK, canada, Europe, Asia, and South America arent better
if you fuck up a nuke like that it'll act like a dirty bomb
as opposed to an actual nuke
which is a pain in the goddamn ass but isn't catastrophic
we'd be talking a clean up of a few blocks as opposed to a few miles
aren't there unique minerals you ONLY get from those experiments?
Roar, liquifaction is impressive and horrifying
apparently you CAN get a similar effect from strong earthquakes on sand or landfill, there are stories from Mississippi in the 1800s
you don't even need a nuke for a proper mushroom cloud, just a sufficiently large blast
Right, thats where I remember it, there was a train car explosion with a big one
Was MOAB a mushroom cloud?
there WAS video of it online, and as far as bombing videos go its a cleaner one due to it being a tunnel collapse
They did that
then people died by the dozens
I do enjoy the fact that, in gold morning taylor had that epiphany to stop trying to pretend to be other people and to just be taylor.  An epiphany that lasted precisely as long as it took for everyone who actually had a plan to fail miserably and ruin everything
at which point she proceeded to zis bomb herself and become an abomination
The only thing that stands between myself and all those gun wielding maniacs is my trusty gun
Emma didn't live it down
I wonder where she ended up after that, living off the woods is only so fun as it is up until you realize why your ancestors decided to become farmers and build society to begin with.
because nature fucking sucks
Also contessas running around doing...something?
hopefully trying to bake bread without her power and failing
Step one, acquire gun
step two, put gun to side of head
step three, discharge at perfect angle to cause severe brain damage and knock you into a zenful coma
I do like to imagine she got repeated suicide paths that she ignored
Going Native was going that route wasnt it?
also greg vedar SI somehow fucking things up less
or more
the greg vedar SI one was pretty good
some random white trash redneck who barely skimmed worm got SI'd and/or zis bombed
multi lane drifting, the only true solution to the train track philosophy puzzle
Wasnt that a concern by the going native SI?
that either contessa or zis would fuck him royally if he actually came out all at once and went full SI mode?
before then realizing that he couldn't meaningfully change anything and electing to take the emergency exit from the worm setting?
the thing is, contessa was running in a data vacuum
having knowledge that "DONT DO X THIS WENT HORRIFICALLY BADLY" would help resolve some things
Speaking of, at the end, didn't defiant personally kill an entire dimension?
which one had scions shards in it?
huh
I also dislike how most SIs assume they're in the setting and not victims of infinite monkey theory
or use the "were damn gods " thing
given an infinite amount of monkeys with typewriters and an infinite period of time, one of them will write shakespere
or in this case given an infinite amount of multiverses and an infinite amount of fiction writers, one of them will write the universe you are living in
in this case WB is the monkey, no offense to him
On the topic of earlier by the way, It could be like hitchikers guide where you enter an identical reality except the murder bots are black here instead of being grey
You get SI'd into the worm setting, you discover that Taylor is dead, you then shoot yourself in the head because you are in Atonement
Doesnt earth Bet Use dollar coins?
I'd like to imagine someone brings CoC into an anime setting
and the eldrich abominations are the ones that suffer mental trauma
call of cthulu
Well from my point of view the Canadian currency is evil!
Hey, lets talk about an easier philisophical question.
Where do you draw the line between a Melt and a Grilled Cheese?
didn't eclipse phase go into that and it was horrifying?
where the fact that they unencrypted the brain enough to be able to upload it meant wonderful things like memetic warfare and psychosurgery were now viable?
What?  The idea that with the right series of things you could bug a brain Nintendo Style into a certain series of neurotransmissions that also do something else?
It works for old nintendos so it should work on people too jen
gratz anti
but yeah, if a certain series of very specific actions can make a bit code to spawn a missingno, fuck your campaign, or to spawn a ho-oh randomly in pokemon gold, why cant we do the same to the obviously similarly complex human brain
I've gone profoundly insane
RIP Naga
We were trying to gate camp slyce with alpha battlecruisers
it went...poorly...
nah, just being outgunned at EUTZ
PHorde is mainly USTZ
So wait, was skidmark british?
Oh dear fucking god
Someone just accidentally texted me an anthropomorphic, a fursona, and a pony lightning mcqueen varient
and now I think part of my soul is dead
dude, fucking furry lightening mcqueen... It is seared into my goddamn eyes now
it cannot be unseen
it WAS a car
until someone on deviant art redrew it
and then evidently commissioned it to the wrong damn phone number
I DIDNT NEED TO KNOW THAT EITHER
I feel that I am now legally barred from the kingdom of heaven for seeing that
and I am most definitely worse off for it
meh, average for furry shit
before you ask, disturbingly large crossover with the COD fanbase and furries, not sure why
so they often had the same commission artists for emblems
that WAS MW2 era so maybe
plus that was like 2012 internet
I have seen things not meant to be seen by the eyes of Man
I got a commissioned piece of art
if you could call it art
I would call it an abomination man was not meant to seed
see*
the hell?
They know my irl name and there insistence makes me think I'm actually being trolled
as opposed to a wrong number like I thought
I have no idea who this is but I think its one of half a dozen people
eh, if its a friend they'd know it'd get a reaction out of me and this isn't stalker level material
my head canon is skidmark is british\
I mean think about it, it all makes sense
hes pale skinned, sweaty if its hotter than 40 degrees, and has bad teeth
plus he swears like a sailor or a chav
wait shit, gundor isnt british right?
phew
bullet dodged
If you're slamming Australians might as well include the Kiwis and the Irish while you're at it.
Well you can't NOT insult the french
does incoherent grumbling count as a sentence?
or muttering?
why not chav skidmark?
oy u wot m8, I swear un me fokkin mum!
you know, I've heard of people in Australia licking toads to get high
are we sure thats not where WBs creativity stems from?
just constantly seeing in the fifth dimension from bufotoxin exposure?
man, that name brings me back to the early 2000s
when everyone wanted really goddamn cryptic names to seem cool
and I went with an anagram of my name that nobody ever understood because I wasnt willing to give my real name out online
so it just seemed edgy
which in hindsight it totally was
I assume yours is also an early 2000s artifact mib?
that makes sense
thats an auto genned mibbit irc client name
For some reason I thought it was a cryptic men in black reference
that I was missing due to not following the comics
Tommy lee jones is old
but there WAS a men in black/21 jumpstreet crossover allegedly in progress
but I think its in development hell
because SONY realized they are shit at making movies
fucking sony
Recent movies include Amazing Spiderman/Amazing Spiderman 2
both of which underperformed
The Fifth Wave, which took a breakdown of cliché teenage romance survival books and made it a Teenage Romance Survival story
a cliche*
Goosebumps, which I wasnt even aware came out so that says enough as is.
Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2, which Jesus christ why!?
and ghostbusters which I shouldn't need to even elaborate on
also Life which is a half assed aliens rip off
wherein a crew aboard a space station encounter alien hentai and die
Alien ripoff*
good call Jen
you'd like it though
your kind of squid abomination is basically the antagonist
Passengers which had some of the most botched advertising I've ever seen
and then there was Concussion, Angry birds, and Pixels which they published but played a very limited role in actually making
oh wait, Pixels isn't the pixar one
Pixels is the awful adam sandler one
How the fuck did I mix up Inside Out and Pixels!?
I'm an idiot
Jesus christ eidolon in echidna was one of the dumbest things anyone could see
I can't imagine that cauldron didn't seat him down in the naughty corner after that
just ask if they're lying to you
wait fuck
that just gets two no answers
oh right
Ask them if they have read the terms of service?
JENTHULHU, ask them if they've read and agree to the terms of service
if they say yes they are lying
I just rejoined that and RNGeesus immediately boned my opponent
Replicants were always a bit of a weird idea
especially the whole thinking they are people and looking obviously human
why go for those things on a disposable planned obsolescent platform?
Especially for industrial models that the public doesnt see
but why do they die in two years if they are designer clones?
that seems incredibly arbitrary, its like planning on building computers that are useless after two years or cars that are completely outdated and falling apart... I mean what assholes would do such a thing?
I thought nuking it from orbit was the only way to be sure?
Its ~~Ethical~~
you can't change genetics post-birth easily without killing the affected person
thats why genetic engineering as a corrective measure for autoimmunes is such a bitch and a half
they literally have to remove the bone marrow from your body, treat it, grow enough to replace it, and then transplant it into you or you get cancer
and even then you still might get cancer
From the bottom of my heart.  Fuck you SONY, you trampled on Harold Ramis's grave with that movie and you know it.
its not a coincidence they waited until he died to start on it
Low sec carriers just ate shit!
hey, odd question, anyone interested in cards against humanity or something stupid?
or town of salem or some other game?
we got a discord?
wait
is tin mother a bot or no?
I genuinely can't remember this
and kind've assumed they were a spam prevention bot or a ban evasion prevention bot for quite a while
This stuff is awesome.  Shame they couldn't film the 2nd stage, although interesting that the sattelite had features that were classified like that
Christ
New World Record, and objectively the kind we DONT want to see
the toxic dosage of PCB is roughly 20-40 mg/kg, at least in rats...
this whale had 957 mg/kg of PCB in it
enough that its literally too toxic to dispose of in the ocean
Not sure, I'd have to look the study up
They're apex predators
and although I'm not especially familiar with them, I suspect these orcas commonly eat Halibut, which is the second worst mercury level thing orcas can consume
the thing is lank, it fixes to fat and we cycle fat reserves in our body
some fat gets burned, others replace it
blubber doesn't work like that
and whales have far more blubber than we have fat
trying to find a good toxicity study
Its fatty insulation, to allow them to maintain body temperature regardless of the fact that water saps heat 25x faster than air
so for an animal like us we'd go hypothermic in UK waters from long term exposure, hell, you can go hypothermic in subtropical waters if you spend enough time in them
with whales, due to this blubber layer, they can survive indefinitely in even artic waters without problem
also it allows them to round themselves out a bit to be more hydrodynamic
and provides a protective layer they can afford to get abraided or infested without negatively affecting the rest of them.  This gets really interesting when whales get skin cancer actually
the tumor grows into the blubber layer and often fails to penetrate it
often developing enough that you actually get cancer cells beginning to compete with one another in different strains
or straight up collapsing due to going inviable from the heavy mutation rate.  Cancer cells aren't exactly healthy.
granted, whales really only get skin cancer if they're albino
theres SOMETHING about the extremely large species that usually prevents cancer, whatever mechanism they have is better than ours.  Part of why its suspected larger whales live in excess of 120 years without anthropogenic interference
Ah, good old cognitohazards
Theyre a horrifying idea but I love them so
especially the concept of memetics that function on nintendo code logic
I'm suprised there was never a proper SCP-Worm crossover, them attempting to contain scion would be interesting
also Roarian2, a lot of memetics are basically designed to reprogram your brain
to make you look at them and then either propagate them or to do x behavior
its really awful
and its someone shoving scp shit into taylors head
Safe skips arent safe
so probably'
if you can shove it in a box and ignore it its a safe skip
theres a few particularly easy ones
Dr Wondertainment the tinker
I always had this idea of the PRT as the GoC
guys with fancy armor and guns sent in to deal with or monitor potential supernatural issues
or to catalog known entities and make sure they didnt fuck with humanity or get kidnapped by other entities
 it was particularly fun when you got into groups like the FBI UIU bureau whose SoP when encountering another competing group was to for the love of god listen to them or you will die screaming
clef doesnt have a spider head
also SCP gets REALLY edgy at times
and manages to be more pretentious than the fan fic writer community here
er...on SB
Fair
cant help but feel that there IS a bit of wikipedia syndrome going on
you know, 300 writers on wikipedia write the vast majority of edits and articles
and attempting to do anything that any one of them dissagree with gets you lynched from the site
I remember SCP 666.5-J
otherwise known as the story of my goddamn life
evening
wait
clarvel lives?
I thought he was just a myth
morning
Woot
We are not living in the real world any more
we are definitely living in the reality that maximizes memes.  Also afternoon bow
Ooh
Okeanos is out atm
I dunno, I always enjoyed obscure characters
I do feel the avengers make it so that its hard to feel that things shouldn't get put down harder
Isn't it normal to blame popular writers or admins for everything wrong with your life?
can't you just download a new one aly?
I mean, I blame el whenever the weather outside is miserable because her ancestors laid a curse on our land when they settled it.
New England weather is awful.
I'm not a fan of the lack of intuitiveness of paradox combat
I mean its mass based but I wish we could control our ships at least a little
Like if we could try kiting or properly brawling in that game
granted I'm an eve player so I have a bias towards eve fleet combat
Ah, the stanford prison experiment
Ahaha
joined ToS as Jester, claimed mayor, got doused immediately and people thought GF due to that ruining the invests view
also got the jailor to give me his role
God damn it
I just bit down on a fork and chipped a tooth, what do?
I have two finals on monday and tuesday and my dentist I normally go to is in New York
so if I need a root canal than I physically cant afford to do so
it was initially but it stopped
although I feel mild uncomfortable pressure like I bruised my gums or something
I mean what?  Sepsis takes a solid few days to set in doesnt it?
I have time
small bit of tooth fell out, like a sand grain bit
phew
I'm more of a vodka person but same end result
Gaelic has a lot of norse influence
seeing there was a solid 200 years of vikings owning dublin
I mean, ignoring meta which literally cited Burnout in an April fools post
I got the feeling Aegis was a character that was likely written about in a short by WB before he wrote worm
and that Browbeat was a character placed in because he wanted to round out that wards team for the bank scene
Wasn't the bakuda nuke quite possibly the first cauldron interfere we got in worm?
because I'm pretty sure alexandria came in for that one
ah
However, physical projectiles are easy to use the force on and also materials in star wars are so stupidly hard that cycler rifles (closest thing to a regular firearm) are not good for armor
Also jedi could Neo you with bullets in almost full certainty
Never watched the best Star wars movies
ah yes
Exactly as Miyazaki intended: 
I saw that too
very amusing
My fanon take of the norse countries in worm is a vibrant cape culture filled with viking-wannabe villain capes launching raids on europe occasionally and fighting the Geisselkraft for who gets to use all the nordic historical names
Also the worm-Norway having an even more awesome death metal scene
Watching a cohh playthrough of it atm
but yeah, really fun game, also interesting alt earth setting
It was featured in the demo so I dont think this counts as a spoiler about talking about that setting right?
Wow, whether in SS13 or ToS reading WgW is a surefire way to get lynched
hey rit
hey ereus
Hypothetical question
do you think you could ship packets of mayonaise oversea without getting your letter confiscated or the packets smushed/fermented?
Awww
how would send then?
Is mayonaise a thing in england?
I havent been to england in a long time
Ah
You think even less of me now dont you'
because one of the slavic youtube channels I watch keeps asking fans to send mayonaise and rarely actually gets mayonaise posted
Ah star trek, when they wanted to have females in military roles and revolutionize that view but got fucked by the producers into going at it comedically sexistly
Can't you just 3d print the water from a template?
problem solved, all we need to do is make sure that printer doesnt run out of toner
Alternatively, open up an Olive Garden in 3rd world countries, then they should have unlimited breadsticks to feed the masses with.
I'm not actually serious
oh
OOOH
hah!  I missed that joke
QUICK
No time to explain
do I go full dakka or full !!WARP FUN!!
Writing a character sheet for WH40k deathwatch
got to get it in by saturday
choosing between librarian or devestator
and we get 14500 req points
any opposed?
hmm
can someone walk me through this sheet?
I get how strength roles are calculated but what about the top number bo?
box?
Literally everybody in this group is new
I'm a /tg/ regular and I'm new to this crap
I've got some of it down
theres guide online
and I got a book
but yeah, somehow I'm a space mongolian now
Odd question, I'm using an outdated lexicon, do you guys know the stats of Duelling Tulwars in WH40k?
Christ
thank god my wisdom teeth are just upside-down and I'm missing one
Tetracycline sounds like some really weird four sided motorcycle
from the future
so... does anyone have the current WH40k lexicons on what white scars chapter specifics do?
:P
yeah, but people on at prime time aren't real users
in fact, everyone on here but you is a bot.
Squats were systematically hunted down in WH40k
or something vague
wat
no... you're screwing with me.
Oh my god
  
Basically, this was supposed to be the hardest PVE experience in EVE as of now (even with the goddamn drifter sites)
also yes
The goons cheesed it with huge punisher fleets to get under the guns of the sotiyo.
TEST then dropped on them and stole it with a frigate, which got sniped, and then looted it with another frigate, which also got sniped, destroying the Molok BPC
for non EVE Players, the Molok is supposed to be the new most expensive buildable ship in EVE as well as one of the scariest
so the fact that the first BPC of it to EVER drop just got blown up is hilarious.
blueprint copy
basically a copy of a blueprint of which the DRM software only allows a finite number of production runs of
because even in space fucking IP laws and software fuck everybody over.
Goon comms afterwards (Warning: RIP Headphone users) 
Anyone have the dueling tulwar stats or the multi-melta stats?
I need em for a char sheet
errr...
I was trying to build a white scars devestator and I appear to have fucked up
For some reason I am now a star craft vulture
with cluster mines and a bike and everything
still, melta bombs, krak grenades, heavy flamer, mines, and a goddamn power glaive is nothing to scoff at
I can move in at speed, dismount, and then treat it like a regular weapon and basically wall of fire everyone
Throw what?
testing 1 2 3
WOot
can anyone give me a rundown on death watch req point requirements
or some of the stats on the heavy flamer, power glaive, or dueling tulvar
that was amazing
My group met today
one of us was stoic and quiet, my character is a hotblooded asshole who is bitter about always playing clean up duty
And then there was the other guy in our group, who was mocking the shit out of me for being pissy about how this wasn't dignified to transport space marines in an IG rhino
and then I managed to accidentally break both the holomap and the servitor I tried to fix it with.
which has become a running joke because I critfailed both of those
Fucking Raptors
 science went too far...
to put this in perspective 400 rads is LD50
for acute radiation poisoning, ignoring all the other problems with radiation poisoning in the long term
such as your fucking bones being radioactive and the things this causes to happen
oh shit, you play ss13 too?
Tricords on most servers
just not goon
because goon likes to make you work to heal people
they DO have omnizine which heals everything but addicts you
Not going to spoil it, but Jesus christ
Alien Covenant Is definitely going off of the original Alien style
there is one thing I want to spoil due to happening in the first 5 minutes that was dissapointing
but idk what the acceptibility of that is
aww
If you are talking about what I think you are that I haven't been here for, you sure the police aren't a good choice there?  Better a choice that gets them help than leaving an issue like that to random chance.  You definitely don't want them alone.
anyone know how to make people have different colored names in hexchat?
night all
welcome back
I drove for two and a half hours after packing all of yesterday to get to college in time for a class
had a whole support thing set up and was looking fo rjobs here and everything
and I get an email today at noon telling me the course is cancelled
Wow, prey is the first video game world that honestly makes me feel like the station was actually alive at some point
How so
it really had that think tank feel to the RnD section
you had Clyde who designed a whole composite foam dart crossbow for pranking people
and became the office menace
You really have to explore to get a feel for the station
any of y'all seen Alien Covenant?
morning CG
Morning sheo
Its like playing with sockpuppets
its childish and immature, but its amusing
oh wow, great writing prompt on reddit today.
Oompa Loompa doopidy doo, Dear Mr Wonka this is a coup.
Am I a bad person for calling campus PD on an an african american women who was panhandling for money outside my campus?
I mean, she looked like she definitely needed something, but the way she was immediately throwing the "Im hungry and pregnant out" and how agitated she got when I said I had no money on me was a bit of an indicator she wasn't using the money for food
not to even bother bringing up the fact she didn't have shoes on
on the sidewalk, in the middle of summer... as well as a cast on one of her feet
This is also in worcester where broken glass, dog shit, and used syringes are all common visitors to the sidewalk so not wearing shoes around here is a pretty solid giveaway you've hit rock bottom
Eh, back in NYC a lot of pan handlers and homeless are legitimately in need
The trick is to speak with them a bit first.  Or have a dog, thats usually a big giveaway.
Theres a massive issue of severely mentally ill people not getting help they need in NYC
One giveaway oddly enough is how a homeless person fidgets.  Restless leg syndrome in ADHD people usually maintains a consistent ""tempo"" to it compared to drug users who are more erratic, granted thats conjecture
wanted me to go hit up an ATM so I could get her money
after I said I had no money on me
and got annoyed saying she was hungry and wanted money for food
As I said, the lack of shoes was a pretty solid giveaway
we've got plenty of thrift stores and Salvation army locations in Worcester
Yes.  But they do generally give away ratty clothing for cheap
There are some good and bad places to be homeless
for example, in New York you really want to be homeless in either white plains or New York city, and both have pros and cons
with New York Cities cons being due to the cost of living people tend to fluctuate back and forth on the poverty line
with White Plains theres a finite shelter size so you run a small chance of freezing to death in winter
and just don't be homeless in yonkers or you will die
Or Utica or any of the other big shit holes in New York.
Like... your literal phyiscal book you were reading?
What favor is a homeless person going to give you?
I mean, I'm all for giving homeless people books, that was my whole mitzvah project in hebrew school
but what favor do you expect from it?
Coincidentally, the highest form of Mitzvah is to give something to someone you don't know, who doesn't know who they are receiving it from/
so it filled that pretty nicely too
that sounds like something a villain tinker should do
get a bunch of homeless people, give them low grade power armor, and then tell them to go wild and commit good deeds
sure most of them will probably die... but some of them... some of em will make it big
maybe even have some sort of a homeless tiering system for if they turn in enough contraband or collect enough money from criminal enterprises you upgrade them
like some kind of RPG
Pay homeless people in power armor for protection... suddenly you are the unstoppable hobo hand of the setting
@ThalAI, you were going the Krieger route?
Hobo Shock Boxing
and its not called shock boxing because of the fear value
Gotta appreciate that they doubled back on the whole limited oxygen thing in prey
They were going to go a deadspace 3 style "you have a limited amount of air and need to go after oxygen canisters" to survive, but realized that wasn't fun in player testing
Hypothetical question
Could you burn your house down with a potato?
Anti you are an engineer, you should know this stuff?
If you made a sufficiently large potato battery, would it be powerful enough to start a house fire?
Whats the math for that?
I know you can power a lightbulb with a potato, cant you?
how hard is it to spark an electrical fire with an improperly grounded potato then?
or at least electrocute yourself to death with a potato?
Its going into !!SCIENCE!!
Is there some way to supercharge them, like growing them in particularly mineral rich soil of some kind?
to increase your conductivity or capacity?
I shall harness this power to become the potato killer.
My reign of terror shall be endless.
Or alternatively it'll cause the potato to cook itself and then blow up, giving me 2nd degree burns and doing fuck all else
like if you fail to poke holes in a baked potato
The more resistence, the more energy you lose to heat
if you are trying to conduct a fuck load of electricity through a potato chances are you'll cook it
and if it has no way for the water vapor that is flashing to steam to escape its going to pressure blast
not really a big ""explosion"" per say, but its messy
water that much of an insulator, or is the liberated sugar just more efficient?
water also isn't a conductor, and diluting your solute would theoretically weaken its ability to transmit power
granted it also acts as a heat sink so you can run power through it for longer without it melting
which is a serious problem with wiring.
One day, our cell phones will be potatos
and JFKs dream will be realized
hmmm... so... how many would you need to produce adequate power to time travel
1.21 gigawatts of power
Mistakes were made
yeah, just goofed with mouse acceleration
Coincidentally I broke one of my rules for space station 13 in a non space station 13 game
Note to self: Don't trust the swedish chef when the chef was not obese and/or swedish prior to the incident
or just plain dont trust nordic chefs
they will kill you and make borscht out of your candy ass
would you aspirate on foam do you think?
I recall a coil death by aspirating on vomit due to containment foam in his mouth
that was a crack fic though
People do that?
Out of all the things you'd have to put up with I have to admit, that was not on the list of things I'd guess
In whoever it was's defense, I have asked Elara several times to make it rain less in New England
So question
if mistakes were made and a room was filled with mostly hydrogen gas... would it still explode violently if you discharged a firearm in it?
I mean, if the room was like 60% hydrogen wouldn't it be like methane where you get past critical mass and it no longer goes off?
methane has a sweet spot between 4% and I think 25%??
does hydrogen have similar?
the problem with methane is it likes to sneak out of places due to being lighter than air
so if you get above the sweet spot it acts more like a time bomb then an inert gas
Only in Germany
Americas the #1 Helium producer and was embargoing Germany at the time
I think Russia is #2
and also was embargoing germany
The Germans knew hydrogen was risky but also believed it was worth it to maintain air superiority
Firefighting gives you SOME help with chemistry but the problem is some of its teachings are that you generally are either sealing the building and calling Con Edision, running the opposite direction, or cutting the buildings power and gas lines, waiting a bit, and then putting fans everywhere
Fans are a shockingly common tool in the fire department arsenal
Oh boy I remember playing Nintendo back in the 1970s
er... netflix
fuck I ruined my own joke
I'm not an idiot, I swear.
Also @potato is it bad that I only learned like two days ago that Alucard was Dracula spelled backwards?
Hey!  I swear to god I am not an idiot!
also TIL batman once fought dracula...
damn it DC
How the hell has the DC verse not completely diverged from earth by where it started
I mean, WWII was completely derailed with comedic casualties
there have been medieval entities left unchecked for way the hell too long, as well as at LEAST one person who was immortal since the stone age.
I just don't get how you get modern humanity or even a non-dead conventional tech humanity
You mean my cousin?
all hail the hypnotoad...
er... bulbasaur
Ah the Black Midi music genre
for when you've decided a piano has personally wronged you
You know
it took me a while to realize that the ending fight in Avatar is basically a rip off of the last fight in Aliens
Also that the entire movie is basically "the white man swoops in and saves the day"
both were pretty bad movies
Besides, waterboardings totally legal
kids'll be doing it in elementary school soon enough
I'm lactose intolerant
doesn't stop me from eating dairy products and pastries
also ixi, I worked at a nature center for five years and got bit by half the animals in it
its just part of showing they are awesome
you ever been bit by an angry corn snake?
or by an annoyed pheasant?
or an absolute wanker of a chinchilla?
I'm From new york.  We have rats the size of small dogs
My condolences
Damn it again
Ahaha
got ambushed by homogaunts
while me and the salamander in the group were fighting with our dudes, him tanking it and me juking like a mad man, our assault just dual chainsword critted his guy and then did a jetpack jump to crush mine
apparently I was definitely in the splash zone for that homogaunt death
Artist interpretation 
shit, the one player I particularly enjoyed in the group is leaving it, I understand why, we're going to failcascade, but still
yeah
think giant angry mutant ant
hormagaunt*
well, my Deathwatch groups on track to implode sadly
not a suprise for a novice group online with a novice GM
still met a fun guy in the group even though hes dropping, and made a work of art
Why not play teemo?
doesn't everyone hate teemo?
the trick is to play chogoth so you can literally be fed
damn I feel old
How are there only like 500 birdcage capes again?
unless some numbers are reused as they get murdered
or is it just that most villain capes die after they've reached cageworthy status
Also, I feel it was a multi-murderer whose quote could sum up most of the problems in worm.
"What we have here is a failure to communicate", so many problems could've been solved by people talking things out
Capes are high profile
one just vanishing raises questions
and then you get into the problem of loose lips sink ships
like in CKII where I managed to get half of damn Europe in on a plot to kill my cousin
fucking everyone started bragging immediately
Now I have kinslayer
Found beavers!
sorry about my awful commentary, was talking to someone who you can occasionally hear on and off camera
You know, figured out what we need to do
who wants to do an oregon trail run some time
Ah, I never get old of that phrase "mobius double reach around"
You know, looking at the S9 and its apparent success, it makes you wonder how many copy cat groups or individuals attempted to go full S9
and how quickly they got slapped the hell down and/or killed horribly
define failed S9 recruit?
and not being horribly dead at the same time
ah
that sounds about right
@Vereornox, wouldn't bitch be a 1, where she got a neat wolf out of it and ended up otherwise not giving a fuck...
which is actually kind've impressive in hindsight
Wish you a speedy recovery ver
Where do you live at?  Where I'm from the metro-north is a way of life.
granted yeah, 40 years ago NYC was a shit hole, hell 30 years ago NYC wasn't great
amazing how much things have changed in the late 1990s to now.
no, I'm 20
so you're technically half right
Oh god, the alphabet lines are, have been, and always will be shite
the big problem in New York is the sheer scale of how many trains are navigating, and the fact that theres a limited budget and a large part of it has to go to preventing the train tunnels from collapsing catastrophically and to keep the rats from taking over.
seriously, if left to there own devices the rats would rule the underground and begin plotting to invade the surface world.  They're craft bastards like that.
what did you even get in your eye?
Also have you considered buying or renting a parrot?
I handle python.
Gotta stop them from crawling into your shirt but they're pretty chill.
they need help shedding sometimes though.
night all
Word to the wise: Regardless of the setting, game, or universe, never trust the clown.
Even if there is no clown, do not trust them.
I hate you so much StealthRock
every time you take 12% hp off of my pokemon
Every. Damn. Time.
you can solve it by spamming defog and rapid spin
but those are both shite moves
The trick is to burn yourself with it enough times that you develop an immunity to it
or maybe I just burned out the nerves in my fingers
I'm not sure which
Its a move in pokemon Gen IV and onward.
it adds an entry hazard that damages pokemon coming onto the field by a varying % of HP based on weaknesses
Basically it puts sharp pointy rocks on the field, and one common trick is to play match ups in your favor, swap out a pokemon that is weak against a move for one that is immune or stronger when hit by that move.
With Stealth rocks on the field doign so is an unsustainable tactic
which limits your options significantly
also means some of the cheekier tactics (such as speed boost protection spam) is no longer viable
because ~~pokemon~~
the trick is to give your balloon pokemon a balloon so it becomes a balloonception
I actually dislike the last few gens imo
granted I was a gen 3 player so I may be locked in the old ways
anyone here play twitch plays pokemon?
that was pretty glorious
I was around for when they managed to get trapped for four hours
I like how the helix fossil became anarchy, the dome fossil became democracy, and the olde amber became dictatorship
somehow
RIP Jay Leno
Also Y'all need Bird Jesus
also how they broke the dragon E4 member in gen 1
ATV FTW
Goddamn Divegrass.
What order thing?
I'm in the middle of like four things atm, job interview tomorrow, finding a first aid course, doing those readings, picking apart that homeland security study, etc.
Ah yes, people normally don't refer to me as Jyggy when talking about that though
not if they don't want to be violently disintegrated
Orcas, dolphins, and lately elephants
did you know elephants have been confirmed to display altruism?
Specifically towards lesser intelligent species than themselves, including one case of an adult female elephant rescuing a rhino calf despite its mother repeatedly charging the elephant
Altruism is incredibly rare in nature, and usually has a limited spread.
Such as with Merecats which display altruism due to the fact that, so long as siblings survive, they pass there genetics on
however that altruism is only limited to merecats.
Oddly enough, dolphins and orcas really don't display that.
I mean, social groups of dolphins will help one another altruistically, but they systematically abuse porpoises and lesser dolphins
and don't get me started on Orcas
I actually have a theory that they actively fuck with people at times (one that is effectively unprovable)
Usually its denying contact with other males, but sometimes the denying food happens
dolphin behavior is incredibly splintered
eh, bottlenose dolphins are cool and are easier to study, but orcas are awesome
They're interesting, but not nearly as smart as you think they are
in fact, blue whales and humpbacks are objective proof against the raw brain size theory
they both have brains far more massive than ours, and while humpback whale song is very fascinating and useful for studying trend distribution, they don't do THAT much else of note (well there feeding habits are cool but yeah)
Blue whales on the other hand are awesome because they can be observed south of England from Bermuda listening posts
you can literally track them appearing and dissapearing as they get occluded by the mid-atlantic ridge
(occluded is the wrong word for sound observation)
Its kind've funny, there was a case in the cold war where the military tracked a russian submarines odd movement around the Caribbean only to later realize after sending spotting planes after it they were tracking a blue whale
they were really paranoid because it'd idle in certain places for hours and then move on, and was a pain in the ass to detect, making the military briefly think Russia pulled one over on them
Whats depressing is the same lecture I learned that at was one that was really happy about an elephant observation post in Ghana that later got shot up by poachers
ahahahhaah 
server source codes been open source since a russian hacker literally stole it and leaked it.
so they take public patches now after vetting them.  This was one that failed vetting.
?
the source code is out there and can be patched, but only admins can actually implement patches
as for using the server code... a few minor servers may have tried?  But so far the major servers all have there own decent code bases
and goon is heavily different from most other codebases
Why do british people have to call fries chips
its annoying for recipe searches
Also when your first hit for a recipe is from a PETA site, you start to wonder if you goofed
Goddamn it
suicide in this games a common occurence on most servers
NASA is unironically launching a rocket into the sun
and it is glorious
they're planning on skimming solar winds for a variety of reasons that are beyond me but I can see the logic behind
but that requires getting obscenely close to the sun which will make that probe the fastest craft ever built by man
as well as probably the hottest
predicted to be functioning after consistent exposure to 2500 C temperatures
100 C is boiling point of water, and table salt boils at only 1413 C
is that kind've like how apparently if you are too enthusiastic with pennywise he'd literally throw you back out?
in Steven Kings It?
like if he tried to woo you into the sewer, saying he had season 3 of rick and morty, and you just fucking immediately football dove in.
Huh, just watched a dashcam video of a naked tripping women stealing a police officers car
We truely live in the best time
er...body cam
I just got a tech support scam call
walked her in circles eight minutes of her trying to get me to compromise my microwave
she said computer but it was loud in the room
I dont understand, the bottom left of my computer says stop
not ctrl
it does
but they get paid by the hour, and it lowers there income marginally
I was just acting like an idiot at my microwave
Also spell, you know what I did for my summer internship?
RIP
I was the one vetting the spreadsheet used for telemarketting
to verify peoples contact information was correct or that they werent dead
or in prison
I got paid $15 an hour and got to cause countless irritation to hundreds of people
I think I might be evil.
Makes you wonder about how serial killing culture held up in wormverse
I mean sure you have people like jack slash or whatever, but do you still get those random assholes who just kill prostitutes?
Has anyone actually written that up as a trigger for #weaverdice?
PEW
I read fiction like I watch TV too, while bored and hopefully intoxicated
welcome lagomorph
I will blame you for my problems in CS Go and ss13
when in doubt blame lag
hey
some of us play porn over our mics too
or shitty music
HOw the hell do I scan this document
holy shit I nearly fucked up
I just deleted my work contract
thank god for recover recently deleted items
I'm sure that'll never be used against me
hey is there a way for me to message antioch
or do any of you know specific technical stuff about acoustics?
Got a problem and I was hoping for someone who is at least familiar with the scientific method and article reading to assist me a bit
and antis the only one here I know meets the bill
saff was running a session
and its not
I'm just ADHD and go in and out of productive phases
just tell him I wanted to speak to him about it
a whole science nerd discussion thingy
Basically, Homeland security created a system for identifying individual boats
an algorithm called DEMON because the government can't name shit and not make it sound evil
 Detection of Envelope
Modulation on Noise
DEMON
because nerds
?
anyway, I need to verify this research paper is valid and that my concerns are legitimate
if my concerns are legitimate I can actually reach out to the writers on it
dont want to waste Homeland Securities Time because I'
I'm being stupid
because its goddamn homeland security
My concern is they use two different NYC ferries as there proving example
and those are not standard built
no two ferries are exactly alike since they arent factory built like yachts are
you know, your 14 foot pleasure craft or whatever
I am split whether I want to use an identical model motor or a different model motor of same effective statistics
but either way the ferry example is very weak
dont forget that most motors are theseus's ships
they get fixed up and have parts replaced so often and have minor variations in them
'so theoretically a new motor and an old motor should not sound alike
neither should different make motors
even of identical stats
the example was two different otherwise ""identical"" ferries identified
as each individual ferry distinctly
the thing is there examples really bad
the homeland security study is supposed to be a proof of concept example that this can be done
basically my theory is that dolphins identify boats by the motor sound
this study is supposed to support that it can be done
but since its the proof of concept that this is possible, I need to verify it is solid
there example is currently weak
yeah, its meant to both identify class and ID individual ships
except they used ferries to prove it
which is my concern
yes, but they sound far more different since they are not built in bulk
ferries are built in dry docks
smaller craft are factory built
factory craft has less room for variation
because differences in the crafts shape and weight effect the sound of the engine
as well as how hydrodynamic it is
basically I want to show that, with this homeland security study, individual boats can be identified by motor sound
if homeland security can do it, why couldn't dolphins, which identify each other by unique sounds and have evolved for acoustic identification
yes
I believe that ferries are a poor example here, granted with what I want to do I actually have a lot of leeway
I also need like $12500 at max which is the real pain in the ass
basically, my concern is that no two ferries are really alike, even though New York City ferries are closer to one another then a different craft
also ferries vary heavily in weight depending on who or whats on them
but they're supposed to be a similar example no?
like two of the same ""class"" of boat
shit
so this doesnt work for what I want to do
which is identify different individual boats
fucking hell
but not for what I want to show
that is that by primarily acoustics it can be done
I really hate google atm
whenever I search this shit they assume its relavent to dolphins even though in this case I just want about boats
because normally I search for dolphin studies
so my scholar google page gets flooded with it
er google scholar*
Everyone knows birds aren't real
They're a myth, like Santa or tax returns
exactly
most animals don't like to show off if they have a problem
so usually you don't learn they have a problem until its too late
and for birds who have a heart rate usually at a minimum ten times as fast as ours
that tends to take the form of massive sudden heart attacks
they might have had a heart condition you werent aware of previously, but how the hell would you know that, at best they might act slightly lethargic as a warning
hell, one famous captive parrot which was monitored heavily still managed to cop a heart attack out of nowhere
cats and dogs both behave differently to people than to other dogs
or cats
running theory now is cats indeed to consider us something other than a cat
even though it used to be thought they just treated us like a very large cat
because they simply don't meow like they do at us in the proximity of other cats only.
Granted cats have apparently managed to serve a purpose in the modern home other than just a pest.  They act as a canary in a coal mine for harmful chemicals in living spaces.
but yeah, basically cats suddenly started getting hyperthyroidism out of nowhere back in the 1970s up until the 1990s, out of nowhere
and only after 1995 or so when they stopped using some kind of fire retardant on furniture did the rates begin to decline
they're in steady decline since
 Isn't Othello a board game?
that you play with like 6 year olds?
wow
the medium forgot we had a vet at the end
and I assumed he wasnt THAT stupid and wasnt town at all
It was town of salem
thats par for the course for me isnt it?
sorry for random
RIP FTL 13, killed by paper bug
Also wait what is this convo?
about breakers vs other weird stuff
@JENTHULHU, Goldilocks and the three bears is a story of why the [Redacted to #politics]
how did velocity die again?
I'm blanking, but I feel like it was getting mushed by leviathan.
or that
Isnt leviathan a mover 12 or something obscene?
hes "teleports behind u, "Nothing personal kid"" fast
You know, If ubisoft wasnt incompetent it would be interesting to cross a watchdogs style game into Assassins Creed verse
theres something to be said about the fact that Humanity is completely and utterly fucked as is.
seeing that at least one group of entities made it to Sufficiently Advanced Technology stage before getting wiped out by sheer bad luck.
?
Hey, weird question.  At the end of worm in the epilogue you see bitch with her pet wolf, right?
Is that wolf the same one as the one from before gold morning?  Even after the whole biomass kerfuffle, or could it be argued to be a different wolf panacea modeled off the shambling abomination of biomass that was bastard?
Usually
but gold morning she broke one of them
yeah
huh
fair
how'd they get him out of the bay though?
Of course
didn't they use the biomass to drive scion into depression again?
using the writing mass of limbs and biomass to replicate eden forming?
ah
didn't realize they did it twice
I assumed it was the same flesh pool
dawww
What kind of dog is that?
ah
I have no idea what kind of dog this is
running consensus is someone tried to crossbreed a pitbull and a bulldog and didn't realize why he was the first to think of such a clever idea
bull^2?
its 4x as much of a bull as a regular bull
or can you not quantify bull^2 like that
You know, its shocking
Where I go to college in worcester you see a lot of pit bull owners
and almost all of them are absolutely nice people
at least the ones I've talked to
Scion was 1988 right?
Shiiiit
Chernobyl was 1986
he was
chernobyl didnt happen
or probably didnt
Which makes Ukraine slightly less of a shithole
which is annoying for writing Ukraine
means I have to factor in Chernobyl as a city and hmm, that'd actually be an interesting campaign location
WD Chernobyl
I like the feel of that
I mean, I imagine scion solved the melt down by occams razor, removing the nuclear material that is melting down
so they might have replaced it, or they might be studying the parahuman anomaly in the area
from scion rendering radioactive material inert
spent an unknown amount of years wandering
but that could be anywhere from 20-5 years
2-5*
So...
my house just got struck by lightening
there was a loud bang, power went out, power came bac
I've surveyed the house and nothings on fire
discords good for a group of 1-2 dozen
anything more and it gets crazy
Welp, sorry bout that
fire department showed up
apparently our alarm went off anyway despite me disabling it
and we have verified our house is not onfire
Ah man
RIP /y/ and /out/ we hardly knew yee
at least in the 4chan cup
bunch of teams got culled due to inactivity, lack of effort, or telling the coordinators to screw off
I have this headcannon about taylor asking contessa to tell her about the undersiders as she got put down
in a reference to that scene
yeah
You know, Taylor basically went full lenny at the end
Hey, hypothetically, could they have broken dragons power similar to how they broke taylors and then cause her to go basically full endbringer status?
they had trouble loosening code restrictions without damaging her personality and other code bits
jailbreaking her power with no regards to that would be easier.  Even more so if they shoved her into an organic computer so bonesaw could get at it
big problem is, theres nothing stopping dragons power from reverse engineering bonesaws power and sewing several hundred capes together
bonesaws tinker tech*
On the bright side, before he died you would get to see saint bragging he was right
shortly before his brain was salvaged for processing power for the mecha-endbringer
you know, kaiju mecha dragon WOULD be pretty glorious
especially fighting a cyber panacea abomination
Oh shit
boss invasions are back in dark souls
as is a bug where black crystaling in that invasion boss brings the NPC back to full health
Try not to get your house struck by lightening
that was NOT fun yesterday
welp, XCOM 2 recruitment crackdown apparently
Didnt realize that advent could retaliate against recruiters
then again, it DOES appear they were holding an XCOM Charity bakesale in the slums
which might  have been a bad idea
yeaaah, also apparently ADVENT was not amused
Update: The baked goods terrorists live to sell another day
Also jesus christ that was an intense mission
Oh you missed it ritic, I posted earlier that I was playing XCOM 2 LW2
and the recruiters I had out got retaliated on
and it appeared they had been having a bake sale at the time for XCOM
yeah, ADVENT crashed the bake sale
apparently holding charity events for terrorist organizations is a bad  idea
but yeah, after extreme effort and more than 1 near death I got everyone out
it got particularly terrifying when I ended up mistakenly attempting to melee a muton centurian
apparently they just knock you the fuck out and strip half your health if you do that
I actually used an edgelord as muton beserker bait in a failed attempt
it went for my token russian instead
By the way
I enjoy thinking of the alternate of the immediate post endbringer fight chapter if eidolin was there instead of legend
where tattletale gets immediately red misted and everything goes to hell
ya know, I never thought about what taylor actually looked like in civ ID
its interesting some of the discrepencies in taylor fan art depictions vs the skitter ones
I was looking through the gallery, a lot of them show her a lot less fit and a lot less assuming than you'd usually put a protagonist in a story
especially when the skitter imagery tends to show her as particularly slim and fit
when her civ ID is just mostly average.
  
never skip leg day?
The point is you'd completely misassume appearance based on one vs the other
what is it with the internet and moths?
theres a very odd /tg/ interest in them
Oh, hey rit
also moths are cute
pretty good
chillin
Also Crowbats actually scary
and one of the two shiny pokemon I actually legitimately acquired was a zubat
I imagine thats the case with a lot of people since the pokemon you encounter the most are going to have more chance to be shiny by sheer math
poisons bullshit overpowered as hell now too
the metas moved away from dragon types and fire types to water types, rock types, and poison now
particularly the toxic protect spam
toxic is an effect that doubles in damage every turn its applied
so you can throw out a toxic, protect or boost evasion, and then just wait for attrition
there are quite a few abilities that heal poison and status effects
thats where the rock earth trap metas come in
one common one is foretress and a bunch of trap and resist moves
also rapid spin is one of the few counters to it
Gen IV is the last real pokemon generation
all y'all kids and your fancy actual 3d are living a sham
Dude, I had a tentacruel and a golem that were two of my power pokemon
and neither hold up well in competitive
Same
I had my sceptile (treco starter) because everyone mocked it and tentacool was the bane of its existance
absorb and its varients were a popular move and using one of those on a tentacool does damage to you instead of healing
also the poison types nullify grass type super effective bonus
and electric types were all the trashy plusle and minus's
ah man, I used to have a torkoal as my hard counter to ice types
Welp
just got permabanned from /r/woahdude
top mods on a purgefest for anyone who comments on the drama surrounding him purging anyone
purging everyone*
night
huh, didnt know that was a thing
yet another reason to never go outside
I enjoy how 200 IQ gameplay has become a meme for clever plays
and 420 IQ gameplay has become the meme for doing something absolutely idiotic that works out somehow
Also RIP
Confirmed, NASA has come out in support of the model that suggested proxima centauri is unsuitable for life
RIP Proxima B Dream
would've had some interesting ramifications if there was a possible green world only 8 ly away from Earth
but its not to be
Mostly Player Unknowns Batlegrounds
or PUBG
420 IQ is usually whats used when a livestreamer tries to be clever and fails
like trying to be sneaky and falling off a roof
IQ only goes up to 200
200 is the smartest man on earth, 100 is perfectly average, 0 would be the dumbest person on earth, who would almost certainly be someone literally braindead
the system adjusts as IQ adjusts, although IQ itself is obsolete as an intelligence scale
its mostly good for judging structured education standards, however.
but yeah, 420 IQ shouldn't be possible
eh, if you are braindead it'd be a 0
because you are physically incapable of answering correctly, or at all.
because once you hit below 0 its irrelavent and you probably arent even sapient at that point
very true.  Its not really a good system for intelligence, there isnt a real catch all
not any more it isnt
its just the cheapest to use
hey Glernaj
also yeah there are much more in depth intelligence tests that go into individual facilities of the brain and other possible abnormalities
the problem is they take 2-3 days of individual exam
while IQ tests can be done in bulk
Exactly, simply put the majority of the country can't do those tests effectively, and those that do generally reserve them for those who they suspect to have a disability
The only reason I got one of them is because I have ADHD, and I scored 17th percentile in processing speed. (very bad)
while scoring very above average in another part of it.
I have a slow processing time for dense things I don't have an immediate interest in
especially when compounded by sleep deprivation
I have pretty solid reading comprehension to make up for it
so while I am slower to process data, I process it fully while other people don't neccesarily
Its a complicated subject, especially since assholes like me are trying to create a standardized system for more than just humans
which is a pain in the ass since you cant hand a survey to a dolphin
no, trying to work towards a system
some way of telling if an organism is actually intelligent or not
or what ways we'd even classify intelligence as.  We clearly are, but then you have animals like dogs which test all over the place and dolphins which you can't conventionally test
Gorillas have been studied a bit because you can teach them to communicate in modified ASL
and that means you can then actually run them through things effectively
Elephants are difficult but can at least be reliably MRI'd with heavy equipment
you can't really do that for dolphins as they respond to sedation by not breathing
I mean, you could  give a dolphin a survey, but they tend to just prod at the paper and pens and then it kind of just disintegrates.
and then the government fines you for littering in a wildlife preserve and violating the MMPA
the whole point is to make that Shemetz
the big problem is internal and external intelligence are two different things and theres debate whether they should be classified as such
at least one species of ant has passed the MSR test
which is a good example of what you are talking about
Thankfully Shemetz we have Turing for that
it isn't
its an absolute pain in the ass
Slime Molds have short term memory
and external "long term" memory
the slime they produce tells them where they have already been
and they can remember weather patterns for about a day
not a LOT of memory mind you, but enough that its bullshit for a colony organism
Another good recent one was from the coral cold shocks lately
its been found that branch coral will preserve its extremities somehow if the reef cools past a safe point
shit
branch sponges*
sea sponges*
not coral
Sea Sponges are barely even a multicellular organism
you can literally blend a sea sponge and it will come back together with only mild damage
Branch sponges prioritize preserving extremities vs individual cells or central body during cold shock
that makes biological sense but not logical sense seeing as how sea sponges cells all function independently
they have nothing even resembling a nervous system
they shouldn't be able to make prioritizations like that
yet they were repeatedly observed doing so after a cold shock in Florida
where branch sponges were all very damaged but survived
Its actually bizare and it suggests what we know of simple multicellular organisms might be wrong
I mean, Shemetz its basically plant level intelligence ish
except its in something nowhere near the cellular cohesion of a plant
plants are all specialized and communicate via chemicals from one part to another, telling them when to grow, go into damage control, flower, or whatever.
yeast definitely
gotta remember yeast are near impossible to kill via physical means
gotta use chemical assistance for it or heatshock to death.
As for plants theres a bit of a grey area on where algae stop and plants begin, and depending on that some green algae maybe
On an unrelated note fuck everyone who argues animals only imitate emotion for food
many of them legitimately do have emotion, especially dogs which are put down with that the most.
Guys, I have a confession
I don't like sand.
Its course and rough and irritating, and it gets everywhere
:'(
Poor anakin
Obi wans response to his rants and going insane was to leave him to bleed and burn to death on a black lava sand beach
I've been to iceland, that shit gets everywhere
and you blink it out of your eyes for the next few weeks
Your first task as my new Apprentice is to go to the Jedi temple and murder children...
hey rid
Why is everyone bitching about the new LoL character reveal?
Brut, I saw people calling the reveal facebook tier?
isn't LoL in general facebook tier?
Wait, I'm confused
is Bose Einstein Condensate and Quantum foam at all related or am I just heavily confued.
Ridtom, you aren't my roommate right?
because that looks similar to his comic art
I'll post it
I need to NOT read the wikipedia list of missing aircraft at 1:40 AM
good news is your plane should be impossible to be dissapeared by 2020
Malaysia airlines caused a bunch of countries including China and America to put measures forth for better plane tracking
so that planes will be tracked in real time by 2020 and the black boxes will be more easily recoverable with a longer window
granted its quite possible from what we know now the blackboxes were destroyed in the crash
yeah, and sat tracking
and a bit of Radar to throw into the mix
the big problem is that theres a lot of ocean
also the protocols for handshaking with immarsat were weird
but they DO suggest intermitent power failure on the plane or severe altitude fluctuation apparently
Dude, you're gonna be fine tomorrow anyway
planes nowadays are roughly the safest form of travel on the planet
huh
you fly the big jumbo jets or a prop plane?
or are you some rich guys G6 pilot?
But yeah, MH370 is, to me, actually less horrifying than MH-17
the idea that a plane can dissapear and not be found is scary, but the idea that some asshole could misidentify a plane as a military target and theirs nothing the pilot could have done about it is worse
Welp, my family doesnt wat me watching terrorist propaganda in the house anymore
Yes
I've generally watched combat footage and propaganda for analytical reasons in the past
you can learn quite a bit about common combat doctrine and the current state of affairs from minor things in those videos
like the fact that hezbollah all have roughly identical uniforms and only different helmets suggesting Iran has phased out a line of equipment and that hezbollah actually tries to standardize themselves
or that you can see a barret .50 knock off in one of the videos
clearly not the real thing but the fact that someone had one suggests they're being thrown the occasional late-cold war relic, which also means Iran has better now
I have those
WB is basically that guy from the incredibles
if he can't be a superhero, nobody can.
now I gotta go and run out to teavania and buy everything
as its going under
I like saying Warner Brothers when referring to him sometimes to
too*
because it brings back memories of good old 1960s super hero movies and shows, back when they were glorious
by which I mean oddly homoerotic and completely nonsensical
Goddamn it
gonna head out now, see y'all
By the way, do you think the US government ever does black bag shit on Yangban or Russian infiltrators in wormverse?
I mean from how they were described you'd think the spy game would be on and aggressive
guess who I'm sticking with
I'll pass Brut
Uhhhh
panic
lets have a moment of silence for thal... he died doing what he loved... leeping head on into traffic without looking both ways
you didn't go into that IRC right?
glern made some very solid points as to why not to
I understood some of those words
I would've just set up a virtual machine and then connected and macrospammed eyegouge fan fiction
which would then fuck me over because it'd compromise my router
yeah, you definitely win the contest of that
and that isnt worth waking up WB for
like, not by a long shot
my theory is ESL
probably looking for a sex term and mistranslated
...I both want to ask and don't want to ask at the same time.
...but...why?
and was it just any quaran segment or just the random radical shitty ones?
heh
reminds me of back in synirc where someone made a yiff bot
and people would just invite it into random channels
resulting in the guy who wrote it nearly copping a server ban despite having no control over that
Thalia, were...were the sermons at all interesting?
WibblyWobbly
I enjoy that bug in Heavy Rain where instead of actually being able to do anything in the final scene, you end up just shouting Jason!
shawn*
this videos glorious even though its awful camera work
I love how alice in chains put a 3 legged dog on one of there albums and half the fanbase of them thought it was a stock photo
Oh right
is that the o...no wait I'm mixing it up
sorry
yeah, I mixed it up with the one Elijah wood is directing
Transference
reviews look very solid
9/10 on IGN so they definitely have money, 9/10 on steam so people actually like the game
Man, shortening pyrotoxins name to pyrot is just weird for some reason, granted I can't throw rocks from my glass house
Alchemists actually did some very important stuff
ignoring how incorrect some stuff was, they were effectively the first to create the backgrounds for chemistry and scientific method
the first to establish that something must be repeatable to be meaningful, and that things can be classified in a logical manner
A lot of harebrained experiments too
theres a reason alchemists were the ones to discover phosphorous, and they did so in the most hamfisted idiotic way too
they tried to condense  gold from urine
but yeah, I'm half tempted to try to make my own gunpowder one of these days
granted I don't want to end up on another list
you can apparently make it by mixing charcoal, sulfur, and potassium nitrate in the right way
Morning
Ah, the most roundabout as fuck way of software hacking I've ever seen
yes
the most roundabout possible way of SQL injection too
I almost guarantee you there are far easier vulnerabilities seeing that software is usually circa 2006 and not updated
I found an omake the other day of an alt power taylor that turned parahumans into cats, it was glorious and horrifying.
So, today I learned a valuable life lesson
I should definitely wash my hands before using the restroom after I have just applied cortisol cream to multiple bug bites
or else bad things happen
Ah man!  I'm excited!
I can't wait to level that hospital!
Man, really makes you feel doesn't it
I'm poor
Besides, I've got two crime boi family members
in the arms of a batman
or wings
fucking hell
You know, there always was a disturbing fermi paradox implied with the shard entities
if one species can naturally evolve to pseudo-godhood, what else can
Its possible they are the first and only entity to d so, but its also very possible they weren't
?
One of my !!FUN!! theories is that there is at least one capital G God, abaddon was the metaphysical equivalent of a sticky paper trap, and also that said God considers the loss of a handful of civilizations and species to be a mild nuisance
or a moderate nuisance
Which is horrifying to consider
probably, its one of my fun theories
I made a few up for awful scenarios
Goddamkn
That band has amazing music but they have one of the most assinine names to remember
Live
sorry, playing xcom atm cant hear IRC
Ahaha
Ah, gotta love paying $86 for an EBOOK
New Jersey is the state so awful even the endbringers wont go there
When behemoth surfaced in Central park he wasn't trying to go on a rampage.  He was just trying to get further away from the landfills.
Isn't that where the Jersey Devil lives?
which may or may not just be pissed off owls?
Atlantic city has only gotten shitier since than
Cape May is nice, but all you need to know about it is that they got sued for $24 million because they built sand dunes to protect from hurricane storm surge
and they lost that lawsuit
West Virginia, Come for the Meth, stay because you sold your car to buy more meth
Its the shittiest slasher cape ever
especially since all it fucking does in myth is swoop at you
Reminds me of my idea of a Cauldron Clearance Sale campaign
where they sold off a bunch of useless crap vials and nemeses
buy one power get a second one free (no refunds)
This is what happens when you buy cauldron vials for the low low prices of only $19.99 (Plus shipping and handling)
But wait!  Theres more!
I mean, water types are weak enough to electricity to beign with
if you combine the two it becomes like 4x as weak against it
fucking peliper
What about Ferry hotdogs?
Wait
can you theoretically register yourself as an emotional support animal?
Officially speakig there is no process to go through for the government to consider an animal an emotional support animal
only for actual seeing eye dogs
so theoretically there is no reason you can't register yourself as one
oh right, I'm an eldrich abomination, I forgot
Nah, just one of those fancy extradimensional entities born out of oblivion from the corpse of the living manifestation of entropy and chaos.
Actually, you can register other wavelengths such as ultraviolet or higher, its just that it looks like a weird purple or blue at best
part of what Chekovs radiation is
Yes.  If you can see Chekovs radiation you are probably already fucked or way the hell too close to it
Yes, but as someone of Ukrainian descent I still feel genetically inclined to consider that too close Roar
Even though my family left Ukraine in like 1910 and that isn't how genetics work
Oh fuck
Bikeman had a heart attack
@Teruzi, yeah, hospitalized atm, apparently needs heart surgery to clear 3 blockages
Livestreamer on twitch, generally has a viewership of north of 5k viewers per stream (often times up to 10k), and is generally an all around awesome dude.
One of the few legitimately funny streamers and affiliated with a bunch of other major streamers including cohhcarnage, lirik, waffle, shortyyguy, 5hizzle, and others.
Eh, could be worse, you should see what mibbit does in shitty cell reception
or by forgetting to close out of the app in general
but the good part of it is everyone will think this is a coding screen
and that you are some kind of elite hacker
doesn't it let you hack the white house and nuclear launch codes?
WHO HAST SUMMOND THOU
Also hah, he probably rigged it too
Lord Singuloth is a fickle god
Also somehow ALL of the replacements for the singularity are MORE horrifying than the singularity
the Supermatter occasionally breaches goddamn realities if it explodes, and causes everyone to suffer horrifying hallucinations
Which server?
Ah
The Tesla is NOT less horrifying, seeing it wanders the goddamn halls
like some kind of angered spirit
hunting for the souls of the innocent
Doc_PRT, the codebase definitely counts as tinkertech
and all the remakes have imploded or otherwise failed
so...possibly?
They say staring into the goonecode (the server codebase of goonstation) has made lesser men go mad
I thought wildhere was someone doing a joke
and WG was WB who is afk
sorry
Greg Vedar SI, his power is annoying women to the point they physically attack him.
link to bread?
I love the immediate "Was getting caught part of the simurghs plan?" meme
Also my theory is that WB is going to seguey into the Friendbringers and everything in worm two is going to be sunshine, rainbows, and happiness
or is that not even tangentially viable within the current reality in which we reside
carp
So, in case you ever wanted to eat fruit again
this kind of incident is considered acceptible mistakes in the industry, and is known to happen with venomous animals in many regions
the nature center I worked at even had a black widow spider from california brought in after someone found it in there grapes (NY)
I don't think that guy sued but I'm pretty sure the fruit company gave him several hundred dollars to not talk about it
you don't actually have damages if nobody gets injured
Even the scorpions want free Canadian Healthcare
come on Jen, name ONE industry that hasn't had corporate war crimes committed in it
that isn't a company and theres rampant scamming going on even by the head mods of the reddit community
I mean, look at Lemon law, they had to make a whole law due to how toxic the lemon industry got
Dogecoin is where its at
You know, we could try to make a weaverdice general in /tg/ if we want that kind of attention
its totally valid and MIGHT? bring in some GMs or people, granted its 4chan so they probably would cause a rise in moderation incidents also
but think of this community on drugs?
Wow, that didn't take long
Firaxis introduced the XCOM propaganda center ahead of the NEW DLC
glorious things are happening
RIP
he broke his ankle and I can't imagine thats not going to delay the movie
this is coincidentally also why actors doing there own stunts does NOT make them cooler
I haven't really read twig, but there is definitely an upper limit to it, in my opinion roughly 6 central characters is generally a safe bet, with 10 - 12 pushing it.
One of the most egregious examples actually would be homestuck, which I felt started to collapse under its own cast by the end of it
homestuck had something like 25 characters being followed?
I mean, 4-6 is the classic setup for a party for a reason.  Its just a nice group to work with
enough individuals that you have a diverse enough interaction pool and interests, while still small enough to be followed and not stagger under itself.
you can do more but characters fall into the background and people lose interest and/or sympathy for them.
I grew up on power rangers
there was always something glorious about them, even if in hindsight its the most cliche low grade action ever
Weren't there a bunch of minor antagonists in The Stand too
like minor individuals making everything go to shit and killing my favorite characters off?
It starts like that yeah
but by the end they're all one big intermixed group
and at that point you can really see the plot line dragging
you just have no incentive to care by the end and its all too convoluted for you to bother anyway
It doesn't help that a major plot point is explained in shitty playdo art because the primary antagonist is a shitty artist
so it kind of just flies over your head
especially since what I discounted as meaningless clip art actually had relevance?
I was always a fan of one /tg/ DnD story where the reoccurring villain was just some jackass whose only saving grace was being an escape artist.
by the end he wasn't even doing anything overtly evil, the player party was just really pissed off at the guy and wanted to kill him and his entire legacy
so they literally burned down an entire kingdom that was genuinely a nice place because the guy had been using it for funding for his evil schemes
Shane the Shy, right thal?
don't people really hate LOST also?
That was how I felt abyssonym, by the end of homestuck I just felt like I was reading the last few dozen bits of it out of obligation
I was always annoyed about how even after the [] where it was clear that you could legitimately [] that it would still end as foretold
I might read twig once I clear my reading list again
or when my meds stop working and I relapse again
We will bludgeon whoever spoils to death with a large bass
perhaps a salmon if we are feeling particularly vengeful
Get out
it'll be Butterfly, the most unassuming name for the vietnam flashback level of horrors it'll entail
I like to imagine that each time someone writes a magical girl in one of WBs settings, that he sheds a single tear and kills off a character we all know and love.
Thal is the real monster
Can we not flood chat with 4 letter speculation?
because if we are I can drop my 4 letter words and you'll all be traumatized
I know 4 different languages worth of profanity
also is it bad I only just realized that WB always names his stories after 4 letter words?
and didnt until it was pointed out?
I'm not an idio I swear!
idiot*
Star Wars prequels
Its not even a great space oprah
its jus a good take on rogue AIs
otherwise its kind of meh and anime average
Opera*
fucking hell
I need to sleep
Also Idealogue, David Brin had some good stuff
and while we're on short stories be sure to read Stephen Kings "The Jaunt"
Isn't there an empire for him?
also I'm going to sleep
as I have clearly ceased all ability to think rationally
Don't feed the Cho'goth
Question
you are under attack by 5 parahumans in a crowded mall
you explode two of them, how many parahumans are you fighting now?
anti wins it
People getting exploded in a mall, especially heroes, is generally trigger worthy
especially since heroes generally don't explode people
Goddamn it
I forgot if you tab out in xcom 2 while hacking it permanently tilts your camera until you hard reset the game
Sooo
I'm playing xcom 2 and I've just got a protect resistance supply convoy mission
the enemy on the ground number is unknown and I just got this months shipment
should I bother orrr?
So question
after gold morning, who would rescue your cat out of a tree if it got stuck?
uhhhh
Ya know, maybe people can rescue there own cats from trees like they did BEFORE scion
I heard the moon is an egg
and once upon a time there were two moons in the sky, but one circled too close to the sun and hatched
and a thousand thousand dragons poured forth, and drank in the suns flames
I love in Horizon Zero dawn that it gets revealed to the main character that the world isn't flat and her reaction is to have a "no shit sherlock" moment
Well, there are several obvious spoilers you might not have realized yet
I amk completely sober rirht now
definitely not a lightweight
ih god my hands are numb
wouldnt that be the brown lsime mold?
at least in netjhack?
i cant waiot fo thj eelcpise myself
im, in vermont atm, pray for my soul
sdorry teller. , I should probably leave untol im sober
Well, I've regained feeling in my hands and enough cogniscence to at least not put typoes flagrantly everywhere
Awwww
I'm at that level of after drunk where I'm overchecking everything to avoid being obviously drunk
Hurray
Sorry by the way
heh
Does that mean that WB can do both?
Who wants the first character in my xcom 2 lw 2 campaign
Its a sharpshooter: state a name and it shall be made so
got a name?
Just thalia, no first name, nickname or last name?
full name for the sharpshooter?
Doc Mod?
no nickname?
urrrrrgh
I've got some awful cotton mouth going.  Alcohol was a mistake.
Theres dispute if the female voices are placeholders for Ashoka, if they're local twi'lek garrison, or if they're some other random junk
but I AM curious about it, its possible you could lore justify local garrison consolidating with clone forces there, although Ry'loth is a shit hole bad enough that if they had starfighters pilots would likely have absconded with them to work elsewhere
Whats wrong at home?
So #JUSTADHDTHINGS
I know that feeling man
Welp, I got dream banned again
permabanned from an irc server in my dreams
you ever dream you're in an IRC client and then been banned from it?
dream-teller is a bit of a stickler for the rules.
Red Fuming Nitric Acid
that and Chlorine Trifluoride
two of the better oxidizers known to man
Ammonia and bleach make chlorine gas
and then add a few other things or a heat source and you can throw a bunch of other nasty shit in, I heard someone microwaved a soap bar and had to evacuate his apartment
Why do people watch WWE?
Rick and Morty B O I S
Uhhhhh
WOOT
I did it!
I recovered my second scientist!
and all I had to do was terror bomb a gas station, execute two ADVENT security personal with a sword, and set an advent soldiers corpse on fire
and I took the time to blow up a car dealership on the way out
coincidentally both of my scientists are Ukrainian and I'm fairly certain are probably ex-soviet researchers or something
I'm the good guys
They were ADVENT soldiers
those are...I THINK human?
the sectoid that died in a hail of gunfire wasnt
not yet.
I lost my last campaign
apparently I need to liberate sooner
gotta fire bomb or acid bomb them to be safe
use gas grenades to verify not faceless also
@Logos01, Nothing can go wrong with this plan
WOOT
POLYPHEMUS MOTH GET
Spotted one of em by a local pond.
They're one of the harder moths to actually spot due to being very nocturnal and only living a week, coupled with being meaty for birds and mammals
Rude!
Besides, aren't you the cat girl/magical girl addict?
You've done more cat girls and magical girls in weaverdice campaigns than any other individual
Quiet chat today
I didn't choose the moth life
the moth life chose me
I think I've figured out what W2 will be called
I was thinking about how devastated earth was, as well as how to tie back into the name worm in 4 letters and realized the perfect name for the next book
Dune
I'm sure WB could name it that and only great things would happen
Woot
700 trash emails deleted
only 1100 left to sort
@Hex, they pay well, but they do have some major gaming ethics issues
Ubisofts worse imo
and Konami is a joke at this point
Seeing they fucking blacklisted Hideo Kojima and 100 other people
or attempted to
I've seen through the lies of the critics!
From my point of view the reviewers are evil!
WAIT I MISSED IT!?
I THOUGHT IT WAS AT 2
Which coast are you on @Tiktalik
Ah, looking back at my emails and I'm staring at one of the ones that scared the PISS out of me
"As you know, a complaint has been filed against you alleging that you violated the following provisions of the Code of Student Conduct in an incident that occurred on December 16, 2015:
Residential Community/Fire and Life Safety/Fire Hazards - Fire law forbids the storage of gasoline-containing vehicles (e.g. motorcycles) in, or within 40 feet (12 meters) of, residences. Halogen lamps, lava lamps, candles, incense and oil lamps are prohibited in residential areas. Students may not use extension cords except for UL approved power strips or multiplugs with internal fuses. Connecting multiple power strips and/or multi-plugs
is also prohibited.
In a Pre-Hearing held on February 09, 2016 you had an opportunity to speak with me about this incident.
"
This email made it seem like I was about to get goddamn expelled
Yeah, it was an unprotected extension cord
literally a max of a $20 fine
and they didn't even do that
but the whole pre-hearing stuff makes it seemlike they were going to arrange a whole academic council to rule on it or something.
Hey, I'm writing a trigger and I'm not sure what upstanding community member I want to make the triggeree
or how I can keep it vague
Writing a particularly saucy trigger with permission
I asked antioch first
he approved
yes, It Killed Bill.
heh
be back in a few (hours)
With how regionalized Christianity is you get a lot of weird stuff
So question
In XCOM 2, does it make me the baddies if on my way out of liberating possible soviet nuclear scientists that I occasionally take the time to blow up a gene clinic or a car dealership or a gas station that happens to lie in my path?
And MAYBE detonate said gas station with multiple civilians in the splash zone?
Er... one of my assaults has a skull theme going
and another one of them has a mad roman emperor thing going
huh...
If it helps we murdered several sympathizers and informants also
murdering spies is something the good guys would do right
Boom!
Take THAT filthy ADVENT Sympathizers
Uhm, am I the good guys?  If I just blew out an ADVENT entertainment HUB and three civilians in the plaza who were cowering?
Also finally, my third scientist is chinese, a step up from my other two Ukrainian ones
I'm sure this third scientist wasn't part of some horrific atrocity or chernobyl or working with nuclear weapons or whatever also.
I've finished this mission with a grenade to spare
should I use it to blow up this ADVENT sculpture or the gene therapy clinic?
Guess little timmy is gonna have to keep his Tay Sachs then
It was a brutal one
Fuuuuck I got the "stuck under the avenger bug"
so I gotta redo that mission tomorrow
ah well, I'm sure I'll be able to better place the bomb that time
It also has some DARK implications
Question, if you encounter a bipolar person, could you utilize a lithium ion battery to treat them?
I mean batteries are bipolar also and the two cancel out right?
but the lithium should act as a mood stabilizer
or it might catch fire
one of the two
ah, that end of worm Old Yeller Moment is always interesting
night
morning
Sweaty
its hot out and I just walked my dog a mile
Welp, Half of my scientists are Ukrainian and the other half are Chinese
I'm pretty sure I'm a supervillain
holy shit
that was the most intense mission of this campaign
3 squaddies and 1 corporal, 1 laser, and lib 1 with mutons and snakes and everything going
it would've been terrifying, but he got flankshot in the face twice
as we set the front of the building on fire along with the ADVENT officer
and blew up a bus stop
I'm not so sure whether or not we're the protagonists here
just bring extra grenades
half the prison cells are behind gene clinics
and the gene clinics make satisfying bursts of colored liquids when they explode
I'm just sad that they nerfed techies so you cant carry extra rockets anymore
Used to be you could max load 3 rockets, get 8x from boosts + speciality ones, and then use every other turn to act as a living artillery piece
yup
Oh hey
lightening
I hope my power doesnt go out again
Oh god, the edit I never wanted to see
Someone edited a gif of S3E1 of Rick and Morty to make it into him dismantling the furry fandom
You aren't an admin right?  If you're an undercover admin you gotta tell people if they ask
Soooo
Yesterday I learned that pretzels are baked in goddamn lye
Who fucking looked at bread and thought "hmmm, what if we dumped some lye in this"
But... WHY!?  Why would you put lye anywhere near food!?
200 IQ play
correction.  420 IQ play
and yes Ereus, Yogg can do any spell on the map and does 1 spell per each 1 spell played during the game
bad play of yogg in general
you generally want to have a spell heavy deck if you are going to drop the yogg
The trick is to play Harrison Jones? (the spell doubler one) and then play your yogg
I have no idea what is going on in here.
I mean, you COULD argue #weaverdice IS a dueling club
Not with THAT attitude it isnt.
Hey, Are you talking about Supernatural?
or what?
Ah, I know nothing about DS9 other than its star trek
and time travel schenanagins happened there
I need to watch that series, I've been looking for something to tickle my ss13 fancy
Do you think Scapegoat dreams of parahuman sheep?
I'd have to dig up my old account then
and then I'd need to remember how to go back to building Colonial Era/victorian brothels like the good ole days
If xcom 2 has taught me anything its that punching a robot in the face is a totally valid combat tactic
oh crap, you're flying through that!?
My dad just got back from the other way
his flight got delayed 3 hours from that
apparently very bad thunderstorm
theres actually a plan to provide planes with wifi/3g from low altitude sattelites in the near future
granted its partially an attempt to keep planes constantly networked in
Wat
to be struck by lightening until your innards become your outards?
I just heard a light pop, felt a tugging sensation in my knee, and am now in moderate pain
should I be concerned?
getting up from sitting?
with a laptop?
so I was under a bit of strain and was leaning on it at the time
I'm sure its just like my stomach problems where if I ignore them long enough they will go away
.seen ixi
Well, my knee isnt hurting me this morning so it looks like ignoring it was the right call!
Ignoring all the MANY plotholes in skyrim
the big thing is that most people need to spend years to not botch words of power like that and even then risk killing themselves with it.
The big problem is its a far less refined way of using magic in general.
for the time you could spend learning a dragon shout you could just learn to do the same thing with magic
and you probably wont set yourself on fire as much with magic
The entire world exists inside of a massive unstable paradox
and its implied that if anyone fucks with time again you risk toppling the earth
because akatosh just HAD to kill akatusk and claim its place
its okay
I did this to myself
Also I am dissapointed with oblivion and skyrims failure to elaborate on that
releasing Jyggalag into the wild like that should have horrifying consequences to the world as a whole
yes
presumably its like a divorce
or probably
Theres no precident for the Jyggalag/sheogorath thing
the only reason Sheogorath was even able to make someone else into Sheogorath and a daedra is because of the insane amount of power involved in that field.
sheogorath and Arkay are the two weird ones
although akatosh is also inherintly weird as he is batshit insane
Thats also why the altmer hate him so much
because they remember there was another dude who was the god there previously
and talos just kind of rudely shoved himself in that place instead
It was something with a C I think?
I forget
but yeah, theres also debate as to whether or not arkay was originally mortal or became so later
as the god of death he is one of the more contentious figures in mythology
seeing hes the one who knocks on the door for other gods even
D'va master race
make a macedonian hero
make everything fire
what was the canadian group again
The Guild right?
Just arguing with fan fic writers over canon
The grim dark is too damn high
You know, I kind of want a fan fic where uber and leet go full RPG protagonist and just start questing
I mean, there were so many canon opportunities
Anyone wanna do a cards against humanity thing tonight?
or whatever that online thing is?
Wait, I forget, Thalia were you it up or was that just an I can
I'm confuzzled
Also, does anyone here live in Texas?
if so please try to not die, it'd be bad
Star Citizen: 10/10 game totally worth the wait: 
ready for sale
youc ant watch them?
You know, I think I'm that fun weirdo on campus
I'm that guy whose spraypainted a gorilla suit outside, colored a crowbar in the common space, and drawn portraits in the bathroom
all with actual valid reasons for why
More so has ADHD
and is prone to Hold My Beer syndrome because of it
Eh, usually get amused commentary on my antics
if someone wants me to stop I stop
I'm about to watch someone fucking die on livestream
Jeff Piotrowski apparently?
livestreaming from deep in the hurricane
Fucking hell, a whole bunch of people just evacuated a house because it tore the goddamn roof off
into the 110 mile an hour wind
NSFW: 
well, its SFW for now
but if he dies its NSFW
I'm not confident I'm not going to watch a dude die
yes, especially seeing roofs have torn off of buildings
he seems to know what hes doing, but that doesn't mean shit in a cat 4
what cell service does he have
and can I sign up
And from some storm chasers further north : 
We have the technology to watch someone dabbing in a hurricane from 200+ miles away
uhhhhh
HE JUST WENT OUTSIDE
get away from the fucking cables
how long til a piece of debris swings into him and decapitates him
he MAY have just died
nope hes going in and out
hes going in and out, and its black because he set his phone down
its back now
its gone
hes currently offline
he possibly lost cell service or died
one of the two
about 30 miles north
Hearing talk of a tornado north of angleton
Also @Teruzi|GM Someone in Jeffs crew just tweeted a photo, apparently not dead
Are you in the same chat I'm n?
heh
but yeah, sounds like Jeff may have done a stupid and his phone ended up in Oz
another stream
Im wrong hes back
Rockports fucked in general
scanners just reported major building collapse in rockport and people trapped
They're down again but they got up just long enough to verify that jeff is indeed not dead
Oh shit
Stormchaser in the marriot at rockport just reported they're on the 4th floor, windows are gone, building is flooded, water is pouring in, and building is leaning
rockport stream from the marriott
they're in the eye atm
apparently lost a wall
whole back of rockport mariott is out, they're evacuating everyone to a nearby school
theres a bunch of dumb lightsabers
what you gotta realize is that the lightsabers are a status symbol for the sith
they don't need them to be terrifying as all hell
just look at Darth Sidious, (star wars 3 is kind of shit because of this but granted it would be hard to show a real force battle)
you Well yeah, but the Sith don't need a lightsaber to be as terrifying as they are Ere
which is part of why they take some of the insane lightsaber designs they do
because regardless of how impractical or suicidal its design is, they can make it work with the amount of capability they have to manipulate the force to there advantage.
I'm amazed I have yet to get a warning on SB for flooding NSA keywords
also why are you annoyed at SV JEN?
other than all the eye gouge fics
@Ereus, after the snowden leaks it was revealed NSA had a tool for searching up certain keywords and phrases in regions so long as they justified it to FISA, and that nobody was actually checking the justifications, and there was a copy paste tool for recent ones
also JEN they have a bunch of awful popup things for it
Do they still have the appolo one?
apollo*
anyway, the thing is, people got the list of the most frequently used search terms on the NSA tool from the leaks, and encouraged people to spam them or drop them in nonsensical or inane conversation to flood the tool out
especially since some of those tools included democrat, socialist, and progressive
or liberal
some of that stuff was stopped but its suspected GCHQ and NSA are still trawling websites for bulk collection data
and as someone who believes the government cannot safely store that volume of data, especially since they've had known constant breaches forever, I am opposed to it.
granted thats #politics
I could go into that there later
Corouscant, the planet that is a giant plot ho...er... city
seriously though, it should be a goddamn sinkhole and carbon monoxide nightmare even with future tech
as well as fire hazard
Fucking hell
Preliminary damages do not look great.  Its not a total loss and flooding isn't as bad as it could be, but most of rockport sustained moderate to severe damages
its still my headcanon that order 66 was the plan B
and plan A was to drive the jedi order into the ground through attrition and bad publicity
there was another season planned of clone wars brut
and it has a strong history behind it
and as we've seen with legacy lightsabers the history of the blade matters
(See luke/anakins lightsaber in star wars 7)
its more so that that lightsaber was used to claim a truly impressive amount of human life
er... sapient life*
and also quite a few jedi younglings
and I can't imagine killing that many jedi doesn't leave an impression on it
eh, I feel jedi powers go a bit stupid sometimes and that things like rogue 1 identify just how damn impressive simply viewing the force can be
I'm still a fan of the clone wars arc where some jedi managed to view the future just enough to see the jedi lose the war
and then reads the situation completely wrong
idk which
by the way, you see the obi wan vs maul fight?
I personally feel it was a pretty solid take on it vs the previous canon one
didn't he full on mental break from it too?
technology didnt decline
the meta just changed
from mass production and EMP weaponry towards armor/armor piercing and manouverbility
you still see a lot of ion weaponry and retrofitting in the sequels
but its inferior due to the fact that ion weaponry doesn't fuck people up the same way it does droids and most storm troopers don't use power armor
weren't most of those individually made
with far less production capability?
like the Naboo fighters were nice, but the price tag on them was FAR higher than the vulture droids
the TIE fighters mostly rely on the fact that they are screaming metal deathtraps, but they are screaming metal death traps you can store en mass and deploy in bulk
so for the time it takes to deploy a wing of X-wings you can deploy 50 something TIE fighters
don't regular ties have them but atmospheric ties don't?
but TIE fighters lack shields or damage controls?
ah
I assumed the suits were just so you could theoretically survive being Ion blasted long enough to recover
ignoring that the empire rarely bothered to actually recover people
so you usually just enjoyed a nice day of slowly freezing to death/suffocating in the cold vacuum of space abandoned and alone
Set your house on fire Axle, its the only way to be sure
ah
I enjoy the totally not canon star wars force unleashed commentary on the fact that vader didn't care about the thousands upon thousands of lives lost, billions of dollars worth of damages, shipyards exploded, or what have you and was perfectly fine to use them as pawns to capture a jedi master
For one those ships aren't intended to be fully droid crewed, they're mostly revamped Cato Nemoidian vessels or banking clan frigates.
Second of all so they can be a nuisance to be cleared out on the surface, and force the republic to expend time and soldiers
or to not do so and ignore the problem and then 20 years later some imperial smugglers settle there and die violently
which definitely happened several times over
yah
Where do you think that strategy droid fucked off to
chances are a few years down the line it'll have reactivated a foundry and then several hundred-thousand droids are going to flood some random backwater outer rim colony
I enjoy the idea that a good deal of the rebel arsenal was mostly clone wars surplus, spiteful ex-seperatists, spiteful trade federation subsidiaries, and retro-retrofitted Y-Wings
Y-Wings are suprisingly good small cargo and transport/tug craft too, so presumably they got turned into civilian usage repeatedly
I assumed he was just a mercenary of some kind
or a mandalorian
Not as the mandalorians saw it
I do love the commentary on what it says for the jedi as a whole that they shrugged and continued on as their soldiers fucking set geonosians on FIRE
back
I made some shitty COD clips on youtube
when I was like 12
Oh... oh god
I'm about to raid the advent regional headquarters
and the mission name is operation Swamp Child
A shrekening is upon us
AH GOD FUCKING CRYSSALIDS
I was winning that fight up until we triggered a cryssalid pod
they insta killed a dude and I wiped them the next turn
then that guys cryssalis popped and the cryssalid killed and cryssalissed another squaddie
well I could do that
but then they'll keep killing innocent terrorist civilians
and could you stand to let these innocent people whose only crime is affiliating and aiding a known terrorist organization?
I did it!
I saved the enclave
with only 27% fatality rate and a 40% injury rate for the squad
Glorious
Dogs are smarter than people give credit for, dog actually was smart enough to carry food with it, they do similar with carcasses in the wild but its still generally not a behavior domestic dogs show.
Is this normal in England?
Dead Space and Dead Space 2 had some good mind fuck aspects to it
Lets have a moment of silence for my technical Konrad "Feedback" Hoffman
he died the way he lived, getting shot the moment things started to go wrong in a mission
he was one of the most glorious bullet magnets to ever grace XCOM
Well, that is Moderately horrifying
Today I learned about the (once) town of Uravan
Where the uranium for the first atomic bomb was mined
Its also a superfund site due to being incredibly radioactive
I mean, unenriched uranium mostly doesn't put off gamma radiation, but I still can't imagine working at this site was good for your cancer risk
theres a reason its a superfund site, thunderfoot put out a video today
Superfund site is a site that is having funds piled into it from multiple government and private levels due to the severety of environmental cleanup
in this case because the ENTIRE TOWN IS RADIOACTIVE they literally needed to level all the buildings in the area and strip the topsoil layer like chernobyl
they're currently doing the same in fukushima from what I've heard btw
I dont either
but he puts out the occasional interesting video on things
hes really good for small interesting tidbits like this video
Well, this is terrifying and depressing: 
This is not only a legitimate human being, but also textbook paranoid delusional
If its that weird hand twitching thats a relatively common thing caused by poor sleep, stress, random shit, or caffeine
not to be mistaken with a muscle spasm which is far more severe
hey wellwick
been up since 7 am here
Even worse, you get a lot of random throttling, inconsistent connection, and flat out unethical plans in rural areas
American
its an issue here too with the corporate bullshit
Verizon recently rose the price on there unlimited data plan because they got class action sued due to throttling at 90% percentile
if you used more data than 90% of people around you they'd throttle, which normally would be reasonable
except for the fact that in rural areas most people might not have fast wifi or any whatsoever
so 90% percentile was going off at 30 mb or so and at that point there were cheaper plans that would give you better service under that
Google fiber was an attempt to force the utility companies to tech up
instead they went full anti-trust and then got counter-pressured by net neutrality
which as you've noticed the repeal for has stalled due to MASS public disapproval
But yeah, despite peoples depressing nihlism on it, American internet is improving, and Comcast, Verizon, and ATT have been being shafted due to there unsustainable positions
could go into that but that gets off of the physical and into the #Politics al
?
ah, drunk fumbling
been there
Eh, low dosage
higher than a certain point and you're still piss drunk and not allowed in competition because you are piss drunk
kind of like how baseball players aren't allowed to play high out of there minds on cocaine
FUUUUUUUUUCK
Levee breached in Brazoria County
about 3000 people are potentially in the path of that flooding
and we're talking the actually kills people kind of flooding
they can patch the levee and pump it out but that doesn't solve the immediate fuck off wave of water going downstream
if you're in the immediate path of that its going to roll over homes
and it functions like a flash flood where you go from dry to dead in seconds
theres a reason the Army Corp of Engineers is generally the ones who maintain and work on levees in emergencies, because its a mass casualty incident if they go wrong
the only good news is theres a 50/50 chance its an overspill and not actually a point breach
but levees aren't intended to spillover so it'd still be able to rapidly erode into a pont breach
don't they need to incapacitate your squaddie first?
same move?
can't you un-ko your soldiers if they're next to another soldier?
revival protocol?
is this just meant to remove the combat meta?
I'm still sad they introduced the will meters to make it so my sacrificial rookie strat is now inviable
Tracer style maybe
or putting yourself in the future as an evasion tactic
tracer is totally time travel
she reverts to a status she was at prior to getting riddled with holes
and the location she was at at that time
alabaster doesn't reset location
but yeah soulpelt, if you play LW2 or (I forget XCOM 2 vanilla) you have to deal with yoru squaddies getting mind controlled and riddled with holes anyway
so its not THAT big a difference
hell, theres literally a default ability in lw2 any officer with a pistol gets that allows you to autokill your mind controlled or panicked soldiers
eh, not always viable in some missions
but yeah, generally flashbang meta counters
I'm still mad the new will meter means my sacrificial rookie meta wont work anymore
where you bring a squad in and start spamming grenades with your rookie to attract the enemy attention
and then extract the VIP
part of WoTC was they were implementing LW2 things as canon in game
sim room, awc changes, and specialty units are based on that
plus the new units to fill niches
huh, hiveswap actually came out
I thought that kickstarter was dead
aaand, they couldn't pursue them or anything?
if you've got an easy case lawyers will often work for commission, and flagrant breach of contract is easy
if you promised to deliver x by y and fail to do so, thats a contract breach
I'm not sure if he fragrantly breached it
didn't smell like roses to me
tube, I think you're missing what I'm saying
wait, did that quote go through?
I got an error message here
fuuuuck
damn it
did he fragrantly breach a contract
I copied it word for word because my client uses colors and the server doesn't like it
I'm just saying something about this contract stinks
which is when you go to step two and hire people with baseball bats
or is that illegal now?
would you rather fight a sectopod sized duck or a hundred duck sized sectopods?
I kind of want an XCOM 3 where we actually get proper interaction with civilian/non XCOM entities
especially if you uncover alternate alien groups on earth that ALSO have no idea what the fuck is going on
I mean, I like to imagine working on earth as an alien would be the equivelent of a college internship
its a shitty backwater job but it looks good on your resume
Worms too, right?
Also taylor could've made the world so much of a better place by becoming the worlds best lice and bedbug remediation specialist
seriously, both of those are such a pain in the ass.
plz no
ah, I thought you meant for people
which would be horrifying
plz no
@lankhmar, only if you're bonesaw
and tofu is godawful
I speak as an expert on tofu
it belongs nowhere on its own or as the primary ingredient
at best you should use it as a thickener in a dish or as a component in a soup
There is only one god and it is a Pan.
Can confirm, people are stupid
especially pretentious parents
when we ask you to be gentle with animals, not bang on glass, or whatever, we mean it
when we make a circle we ESPECIALLY don't want people walking through it
I once made a circle on a busy day, had a ferret out in it, and someone ran after there kid and nearly stomped the ferrets head in
I put it back after that and none of the kids realized how close it was but the parents sure as hell caught that
ferret was fine btw
You know
that'd be a fun trigger, going slowly mad in a retail store
and triggering as you stare at the swollen red faced lady screaming at you for not accepting her return of what is clearly good will clothing
So whats the difference between regular tea drinking and advanced tea drinking?
That was an actual question
So are you part of the tea illuminati and attempting to cover up your secret ways ?
is it one of those audio books where the guy tries to voice the female roles and does so VERY badly?
11 bit hype!
11 bit games made This War of Mine
a game that has you playing as civilians living in an active balkinized warzone
Ah XCOM
soldiers killed: 5
soldiers wounded: 4
rating: Acceptable
fucking datatap missions
Long War 2
and all the deaths were resistance fighters
we had a datatap mission with moderate enemies
my liason held up admirably but got taken out by focus fire and when healed and I was about to bring him up got hit for 4 damage by a barrage to 1 hp again, making revival protocol unsafe
managed to psionic my way through most of the enemy though
Wait, could Behemoth theoretically go full Sun mode and just blind everyone at the fight?
hes dynakinetic so theres no reason UV radiation or higher would be out of his reach, and it'd be pretty incapacitating.
speaking of, anyone want to do a worm cards against humanity thing online?
I have no idea how to set it up but we could do it'
peaches, they come in a can
they're put there by a man
in the factory down town!
!cBack btw
Not sure where the !c came from
Always interesting, how they figure out how to move 70,000 people safely and comfortably for several hours as they hopefully defuse a bomb
I mean, I only know about defusing old bullets and cannonballs, but bomb defusals a bit of an interesting one too
what hapened?
WHy is there fire?
Who was banned?
Huh, I thought Cyrix was an old member of the community
ah, how long am I here anyway?
If I have a gold fringed IRC client am I safe from being banned?
huh, thats odd, IRC clients should be consistent
unless shes commuting
which is possible
When I commuted to work my ban didn't carry on the username
On a lighter note, have you guys been following Gamescon at all?
Awww
You new grond?
haven;t seen that username around before.
ah
well welcome
don't feed thalia after midnight please or bad things happen
isnt grond o that guy from sessime street?
the mean one?
Cold is the Void.
tex mechs?
goddamn, I stopped playing before those
Interested
What could possibly be scary about Duck Hunt?
besides, I've lost far too many smash games to that bastard to fall for his tricks
Thats pretty cheap though
you spend $15-$20 per meal dining out
by buying ingredients and eating anything half decent you should expect to still be paying about $10 or more to keep yourself fed with actual nutrition
dude, thats literally just cheap chinese takeout thats $10+
I usually spend $10 on meals here but anything decents gonna be $15 or more
Fast food is not food
its just fast
Nooooooo
The lead guitarist for Steely Dan Died
also RIP Jenthulu
I know a bit about DC
you see, they ripped off a bunch of worm characters, like the flash is totally a velocity rip off
and don't get me started on batman
Damn
lirik tried to run a $10k fundraiser charity stream for hurricane harvey
he hit $10k in under an hour and $70k in 6 hours
aux port
Aux as in Auxiliary
originally meant for televisions and such since it'd be where you'd attach things that weren't for obligatory audio and video
is it round?
that means literally nothing
typical varies by region
yes, and they're all the same cable
all of those are aux port headsets
alongside that you've got HDMI headsets and USB headsets
its the same cable
Theres actually a mod for robotic limbs
only problem is it really doesn't scale with higher tier armor
Although, armor at low-mid tiers is pretty cool anyway, its all platings and often limited ones at that
you can even see predator armor is literally strapped to the front of the leg
What I did like is that there was some hilarious xcom propaganda coming out
I mean, how much can you do with a grenade launcher?
Its a relatively basic design
SPARKs are combat mechs
designed for heavy ordinance
that was a rocket launcher
not a grenade launcher
So... rocket launchers are a whole different class
we've got technicals for rockets and those are arguably better for explosive, you mostly use grenadiers for specialty nade application
incindiaries, acid nades, gas gas gas, ice bombs
I'm only bitter when advent grenadiers start being douchebags mid game
advent rocketeers and grenadiers will begin firing on you if they cant pen you in full cover even if you are alone
lost my replacement replacement shinobi to that
had him firmly in cover and then just went BOOM
Rude
back in nethack I'd use my pets to steal things from the store
Same brut
OH GOD FUCK
Past Self what did you do!?
I saved 3 hours before a UFO incercept in XCOM 2
Everything is fire
Phew
I did it
it was a harrowing fight
but 41 enemies later I won
so yeah
as for last night
Past-Me decided to save the game before when he thought the UFO was getting too close
and I had just gotten the months stuff, so I had plenty of materials to build last second with
especially since I had acquired some !!FUN!! ammo types prior
so with two snipers, two gunners, two specialists, two psionics, two assaults, a technical, a grenadier, and a shinobi I managed to somehow sheer gun my way through the crowd of enemies
wasn't clean, and it wasn't pretty, but the assaults and technical made a solid barrier against enemies pushing and the psionics meant I was able to alpha the enemy shield bearer before he could punch the floor
or drop the beat
wow
thats definitely worse than having to kill 8 mechs
5 of them at the same time
sectopods are scary
they can flatten cover and fire death lasers
It is also amusing how mutons are as difficult to shoot as they are despite being huge lumbering brutes
Thats some star wars shite right there
Theres a bit of conservation of Ninjitsu with sectopods I notice
the moe of them there are, the less scary they are
back in the ADVENT tower mission they are terrifying
but then you get to them spawning in regular missions and by that point 50 hp in one turn is a thing you can do
like officer colonel?
damn, still barely have officers
Also why is it when the enemy has strength in numbers that it will just usain bolt its ADVENT Officers right into your lines in shitty/no cover?
does it actually do anything other than cost them an officer and make you spend a few soldier moves to microwave his face?
the enemy doesn't even exploit it
it literally sprints an enemy into my lines because they have grenades
and then they just die instantly because chain shot/deadeye is a hard counter
seriously, I don't know what they intend, but I'm pretty sure its not to have the officers head pop like a watermelon in a microwave
that is DEFINITELY not good for morale
I was trying to write a trigger by someone searching up how to get powers, getting a strange message to show up with money to some remote place in the middle of nowhere and to tell nobody
and then getting the shit beaten out of them
because you shouldn't trust strange messages on the internet
but triggers really don't occur in people actively looking for powers
So what you are saying is scion is basically the middle management for programming development firms
or upper management
I may have found the crappiest bot on twitch
not only did it repeat its greeting but its denial was slow as fuck
it double posted the greeting after I put a poorly programmed comment and then the generic word bot caused the wat lol no response
anyone got any good code script I can feed it to break it?
ya wanna feed codebits and responses into it until it breaks thal?
@Teruzi|GM, with some of the poorly programmed chatbots out there, you can feed them code or a loose parenthesis or a [ and it'll make em freak out
or you can feed em actual command prompts they will sometimes follow
I've seen people break them before
Question
say I mind controlled an enemy in xcom
xcom 2
and that mind controlled enemy got knocked unconsious suddenly
can I still win the mission?
its not an evac mission
and you can't shoot K/O'd targets
is there a command to see how many hostiles are left?
errr.
also to answer unconsious enemies count as down
but the counter does not count them as killed
so you only get 19/20 enemies killed
or whatever
by the way, having read into it, apparently authorizing lethal force for a kill order actually wouldn't be a huge legal precident
its been ""done"" with serial killers (particularly known cop killers) before
if the individual is known to actively attack law enforcement it means it is reasonable to assume they will continue the trend, so a kill order would actually be quite easy, paperwork wise
Meteor sighting in Pacific North-West
apparently they aren't sure whether or not it hit ground
they have enough surveillence video of it that chances are NASA will come out with a trajectory later today or tomorrow
ah, AMS already has a suspected trajectory
puts it in the vicinity of meadow creek
no major population there but a bunch of mountains and valleys, people gonna be scouring that
still waiting for a stranger brute john cena cape
Is it bad that I gas bombed an ADVENT troop column while playing soviet union era music?
Pretty sure the UN doesn't view non-state actors as being allowed to use gas weapons
Hmm, makes you wonder if the vatican actually has some strength in wormverse
@abyssonym, people use ao3 for things other than smut?
don't forget the borderline CP
half assing an "lol characters are all magically 18 for reasons" disclaimer does not make flagrantly underage characters not underage
more so hating on ack
but homestucks pretty bad too
I did like that the author had an SI in his own story and the SIs gambit failed horrifically
I'm convinced the youtube algorithms have gained self awareness
and youtube took a look at its own comments and decided it needs to kill itself
I always got the idea WB wasn't a huge fan of anime
@Logos01, you should see the two SB worm x MLP crossovers
I tried reading them and felt my soul die
its like reading the necronomicon, your eyes see the words but your brain refuses to process the sentences
and kind of just shuts down on you
What is it with japanese female medieval protagonists and spears
its always pole arms for some reason
Ah...huh?
??
I had a few interesting scandal concepts for wards
because theres a pretty strict thing that wards stuff isnt supposed to affect life outside of the wards
so if someone was involved in something contraversial and scandalous in there civilian identity, whether it be a questionable band or whatever...
I get the idea people tell you off a lot
in character
which server?
that sounds concerning
I love how TSA luggage restrictions require your lock to effectively be useless
we really need to revamp that organization to actually be useful
I've just relearned the wonder of soapbox racing
Now I want to make a soapbox racer in the future
I don't like the walking dead
especially with how it throws sympathetic cast members as flagrant cannon fodder
and cycles people dying preventibly and stupidly
its not good for continuity, nor is it for an actual zombie scenario
whats the fun if humanity actively kills itself off within 50 years
Its like worm, after a while you get desensitized
and the horrors thrown in your face get kind of reduced
a girl thrown in a locker filled with blood, oh how horrible
a whole town gets wiped the hell out by wandering serial killers
meh
you can't tell me thats not a trend when you put too much horror and death on the table
you see that a bit with alien franchise too, where later on you discount large death quantities because all those dudes died early in
What happened to Morty?
Walking dead fluctuates, although I hear that telltale shit the bed towards the end
season 1 is amazing though for your first playthrough
although once you strain the walls of the game too much you get dissapointed
eh, its always dissapointing to push something and discover hard barriers
granted thats my inner EVE player talking
It also felt like they really tried to push that one guy to die so you could replace him with companion 2.0
or the whole arbitrary implosion of the group
I'm okay with characters getting killed off, like hell, lees death or whatshisname (useless kid) were both pretty strong moments
granted I can't help but feel that that was a bit of a sociopathic moment where the game kind of conditioned you to not care because he had failed to do anything useful and only made things worse the entire time
Duck...
>Is a competent writer for season 2 of the walking dead video game
the show engaged me up until the prison season
where they decided to kill off multiple original series people 5 seconds into the season
you just can't care when thats how they premier it
I can't help but feel you have that moment of "Are we the baddies" also
The spice must flow
I've gone from doing my homework to real music, to doing my statistics homework to the soothing melody of sorting algorithms
listen to the sound of my people!
damn, (Not a tsunami btw)
but still very impressive
Also if anyone wants to watch people be stupid and possibly die 
Ereus, which dog where?
in the livestream?
ah
I have done my holy duty and have x posted that livestream to /r/watchpeopledie
sorry
its too late to safely evacuate florida and these people are fucking around in the florida keys
where nothing is more than 3 feet off the water
its been made painfully clear that if you are in the Florida keys you are basically committing suicide
"One official warned staying on the islands among storm surge warnings was "almost like suicide".
"
Ahahahah
it happened
also 
Found the man who will soon hold the title for first confirmed fatality of Hurricane Irma
The problem is this storm is going over Miami which is one of the trashiest tourist spots in America
up there with a bunch of OTHER places in Florida
Florida man attempts to fight hurricane, dies
Oh god
I GM'd for the first time at my campus one shot night
and it was glorious
Everyone is John, First was John the proleteriot, which evolved into M. Night Jonalayan
and Everyone is John, ending up as Everyone plays John Manson
First one we were in a shitty soviet era tenament block, one guy had drink 5 different vodkas and then start a revolution, one guy had streak at a major sport and cause a religious schism, and the third guy had gather a feast and become king
multiple hit and runs, stabbings, 5 different murders, and a shitty movie appocolypse was caused
one of those murders, through a roundabout series of memes and events, involved jon killing ""himself""
because someone nat 6'd there way into soviet russia meming themself into being the officer beating them to death
@Wildbow, at the first one no, second one probably
granted, like all revolutionary leaders, jon probably died at the end of the plant revolution
oh shit
oh crap I did not mean to ping you
Its just an instinctual thing when I miss a comment and respond later, I am so sorry
I like how the laws of war DLC for arma III actually changes the plot and locations of things based on your actions in flashbacks
such as where you place mines, whether certain people live or die, the time it took from NATO intervention to surrender, or whether or not certain people are war criminals
Yeah, and as part of the deal for using actual international aid groups names and symbols they're also providing part of the profits to the international organizations listed
so you can feel good as you plant landmines for the capitalist american pig dogs to step on
and blow up orphanages
THIS IS STUPID
HOW DO YOU FUCK THIS UP THIS BADLY
This breach is so bad that there is actually now talks that Equifax might get bipartisanly fined into the ground
because the sheer amount of damage they have or might have caused by this sheer negligence is obscene
Isn't Spain about to go full Troubles?
you okay?
ah, THOSE groups
You should be
thats a dick move
Generally homebrews don't hold people the same way explicitly due to concerns about quality and mechanics.  Thats something to be expected.
those annoy me
If you don't have to sacrifice fewer than three chickens and a goat or a small child to the RNG dice cods to win at your tabletop campaign you are doing it wrong
more than*
oh god
the idea I had in #weaverdice made me laugh
of dumb things to try to pawn to cauldron for powers
what if you're just some random schmuck and they wanna russian roulette you a vial
so they just skirt the whole horrific mutation chance thing because they know you aren't going to read the fine print anyway
So... apparently bitcoin is on fire again
China is apparently freezing trade of bitcoin in its borders
and theres already accusations of insider trading as well as people claiming to have insider leaks abount
abound*
are you refering to a router series?
I don't even know those by product number
like pokemon?
oh right, pokemon is 50/50 split between participants
that would be overly complicated compared to just having an xp split system
if someones being a drag on the team kick em
the problem with old DnD was that mages inevidably became gods
and it didn't scale right, because a level 20 warrior is supposed to be basically hercules as opposed to achilles
you know, while achilles could fight 1000 men and win, hercules could do it at once.
and mages at level 20 could just do that in spells
I do enjoy that pun pun is now a meme god to pray to for metagaming
and also a monkey that is metagrudged and murdered every round in space station 13
purely because people can murder it without consequence
I had a round recently where I was a robotocist maintaining the entire fleet and building mechs, and began playing god by building AI cores and telling the newly made AIs I was there god and I was mortal and flawed
thats only librarian
I ended up creating a combat mech and systematically hunting the vampire menace down
especially when the vampire didn't realize I wasn't a cyborg and had no tracking beacon on the thing
Whats especially glorious is some servers have overly complex chemistry systems that allow you to create some frankly insane chemicals
including ones that cause your heart to turn into a bee and chestburst you, chems that cause you to grow a hobo beard regardless of gender, or hellchems that simultaniously freeze and burn you to death all while ands crawl out of your goddamn veins
ants*
Goonstation created the Greater Domestic Space Bee
which is just a bee that is 3 feet long and has a stubby stinger that doesn't kill it to use and somehow functions because future
and if you feed them royal jelly early on they can become queen bees, which are huge as hell
current record number of bees on a server was 3000 before it died
the server, not the bees
I still remember the time the AI got a "Bees are human" law and I began cooking deep space hell omelettes (an omelette made with BEE EGGS)
I got executed that round for that
some things are just too haram
is this a 100% science based dragon MMO
I still have childhood PTSD from that one pokemon mystery dungeons boss fight that you physically cannot win but still punishes you for losing
especially since I always tended to scroll tank
theres a whole combat strategy for using projectiles and one off scrolls at key points to soften enemies to be taken down fast
the new doom allegedly wasnt bad
but yeah, Doom was the first video game I ever played
...In hindsight, I may have had slightly crappy parents
I was 4
You know, I really hate the SB moderator team
they've got no sense of irony, humor, sarcasm, and a massive god complex
you gotta live life as the edge more
in space nobody can hear you be cancer
SHAUN!
RIP Cassini, you were too pure for this world... or saturn evidently...
huh
Cyka blyat
Kurvva
aaaaa
This is the sound of a man who has lost everything
dude, brazillians are the worst, peruvians are nice but mildly incompetent
Soccer too
Errr...
wait thats the portuguese
nvm
Has news gone too far?
Ah, don't you love city ordinance
like how every dorm floor in my college campus has a handicapped restroom despite the fact that several of these dorm buildings dont actually have elevators to get up the stairs
so you get handicapped restrooms in buildings that arent handicapped accessible
half the shit in there doesn't work and the other half will kill you
however, zip guns and slamfire shotguns are pretty easy to make, even if suicidal
a breach loaded shotgun you fire by slamming the barrel shut
as the firing pin is static
its a 50/50 whether or not it blows your arm off but they're only like $20
we're talking HOMEMADE slamfires
its still a recipe to blow your hand off
I've shot guns before you know
I own a .22/10
and if you are using a goddamn plumbing pipe not rated for fucking ballistic weaponry it blows up and mutilates you
its insane
dude
ihuh
I'm not in trouble again right?
phew
what is phazon
I only know it from ss13 where its a rare substance you use to make badass mechs with
ah, nothing like a good ole war in heaven and everyone underneath destroying one another
better colonize those gaia moons while you can
its not like they can hate you more
Elara, I take back everything, your country is amazing 
uhhh
question
whats that chemical that acts as a painkiller that acupuncture puts out
nevermind
endorphins
Oh right, I forgot to tell you folks
my cars fucked again and I'm sad
someone hit it in the parking lot, got it assessed today and $3500 damages
and its not road safe
other person reported the accident when they hit it
so its on theres
still, I'm out the car 2 weeks
I always feel they mishandled the palpitine fights
and the yoda fights
The whole point was supposed to be that palpatine was so goddamn powerful in the force that he'd be lethal with a wooden soup spoon
granted, the spoons superfluous when you can just impale people on the gaudy art and deco in his office
What kind of music you listen to anyway?
out of curiosity?
hmm, I'm having trouble classifying that.  Seems like a fun jam piece
@Quanfinigon, holy uncanny valley batman
I generally get annoyed at DC trying for the status quo is god thing even in the face of this stuff
if heaven and hell are real places or if there is some kind of psychidelic dreamscape that physically interacts with the real world there is going to be effects on society
especially with the dream stuff seeing that freudian psych was all about that (its actually one of the two biggest points of it)
that dreams are not prophetic, they have significance in respect to our psyche
on the other hand, I'm a fan of the theory that the Kryptonians probably built there utopia on the bones of ""lesser"" civilizations and species and that The Green Lantern doesn't get invited to Lantern parties
yes
Green lantern is green because the power source they all draw from is green.
and the jokes that most of the green lanterns consider him uncreative and generally a moron/asshole but hes still worthy so they can't just kick him out.
Doomsdays always kryptonian right?
Also Green Arrow and Batman don't work in the same universe
@JENTHULHU, they are literally takes on the same character
I also like to imagine the joker as being a contagious disease like the butcher
Also Green Arrow and Batman don't work in the same universe "
each time they kill the joker some guy just comes down feeling sick one day and sees themself pale
and gradually becomes a horrific clown abomination
I like the character of the green arrow, but like many back stories, the green arrows is just nonsensical
also Cheetah is literally just budget cat-women
I also had this really messed up dream the other day of combining It and Aquaman
Because down in Atlantis, you'll float too!
I've played a lot of the arkham games
not sure of that one
y'all seen that scarecrow skit of what happens when all your fears are stupid?
The flash has one severe weakness though
multiple stab wounds
very carefully
I thought the atom couldn't use a ring?
wait, I'm mixing the atom up with whoever that dude who was literally just a bunch of sapient radioactive gas in a suit was
I prefer no shave november
awaken your inner hobo
Go sober or get pulled over
soberhero is too disturbingly close to anhero for me to feel comfortable with it
and anhero has some DARK connotations behind it.
huh, what are we talking about?
The Gamer seems way too gratuitous with the whole JRPG thing
also fan fics kind of turned me off to it
you do realize that SB is going to throw a bitch fit at you over that right logos?
last person to do that nearly got lynched
dude, I got a warning for making a joke about it on SB
As a bottom feeder who feeds on other bottom feeders I beg to disagree
I do like the idea of being able to go incredibly round about with how you buff yourself
also I had the oddest insanity concept of everybody is john the gamer.
uhhhhhh
The fact they can botch this still is horrifying
Ah dwarf fortress combat, where you got charged by an ogre, kneecapped it, but that doesn't matter because it now has a firm grip on your back teeth...somehow...
?
I dont get that reference
because I actua...no... no I can't say that with a straight face either
I'm an absolute textbook nerd
watch a few playthroughs
and you might start to get an idea.  you'll die violently either way
Why'd he do that?
You need daughters to help you keep the blood line pure or strategically marry off
uhhhh, wow
A severe brain disease
the kind that could definitely fuck your judgement to decide that getting someone back for a slight was worth more than a multimillion dollar football career
or that you should hang yourself in prison despite the fact that you managed to only get a four year sentence added to your life without parole despite getting away with two murders
Might not be, but if he was judgementally compromised he wasn't fit to make the educated decision to actually commit suicide
and its arguably a death by mental illness, not a suicide
much like how you really can't say robin williams suicide was a suicide because he was completely incoherent by that point
Robin Williams is a clear one, he lacked the ability to actually comprehend consequences by that stage of his disease
As for Aaron hernandez, he likely was at the very minimum sane because he still understood right and wrong, and chose wrong, even if his critical thinking skill was thought
You have to be capable of actually making coherent decisions to make a decision
look, say I'm an idiot, and I decide to chain saw a limb above me, and it falls on my head and I sheer myself in half with the chainsaw
is that suicide or an accidental death?
he lacked the ability to HAVE any real intent
he could go through the motions, clumsily
but he lacked the coherence and state of mind to actually have any intent
going to #politics
its convenient
Fite me
wait oh shit
sorry
keikaku means plan
how is that book with the bear family spelled where you are from?
thats how you tell where you are
?
I don't recall that incident
I recalled hexx getting scolded earlier for ranting
but this is the time of year where tempers rise
and judgements drop
election season is in 4 months, school stress is at peak, and its Q4 of the fiscal year
which is the one companies haul ass in
plus we've got north korea and equifax which is on the backs of everybodies mind
??
its january where you're from?
what time zone is that?
??
what universe are you from, where July is the new yera?
is this around ramadan?
and a profit thing
you're investors want to hear what your company is doing
Well yeah, but they've got a distinct murder season and a distinct suicide season
July and december respectively
also because thats when people start noticing christmas coming up and realize the bills don't add uop
Don't you love how people fuck around with medieval weaponry forgetting that just because its 600+ years obsolete that its still a lethal weapon meant to kill people?
I mean just because it isn't lethal out to 100 yards and through a wall doesn't mean you shouldn't treat it with respect
Theres a whole recent thing of filling bottles up with material and using them as a building component
apparently its cheap and suprisingly effective
theres also talk about getting bacteria that break plastic down, particularly microplastic
could be viable to use those
especially if cultured into algae in areas that already are dead zones
if it can't get more contaminated, why not make it less
theres also talk about genetically modifying yeast to absorb heavy metals
could put them in a contaminated body of water, and then filter the yeast out of it, something far easier than filtering heavy metal contaminants
Welp
USAA tried to dick me over
good thing I have my own insurance company
@Tiktalik, bastion tank best tank
I mean it counts right?
MY EXISTANCE IS PAIN
this better be enough to kill me
so I dont have to watch the rest of this giants season
Ah, nothing like committing rampant war crimes in the name of fun and profit
also how the heck does corocaunt not have frequent sinkholes/collapses?
they're built way too heavily up to not have cascading structure failures
Wasn't it implied 1313 was killed after the fact?
Can we just use a universal symbol anyone will recognize for mover?
a picture of sanic?
at the end of the day, regardless of form, movers gotta go fast
either they be goin fast through objects, going fast through speed, going fast through the air, or just merely going fast by teleporting and thus theoretically attaining an infinite speed for a moment
yes, but when they teleport they theoretically attain infinite speed
seeing as you moved a distance in no time
or an obscenely fast one
and then if you balance that out your miles per hour would still be very very fast
yes, but you are going fast compared to another person in the air
I'm high
plz no
uhhh
for $20?
Got only a week to go on my car
appraisals finally in
and nothing too crazy but due to the nature of the damage a fuck ton of labor cost
I'd be angry about that if I actually had to foot the bill
that sounds like it may be a phone problem and not an excel problem
granted all the microsoft apps are a bit iffy on mobile
as, you know, they flagrantly took the tablet coding and shoved it over to mobile haphazardly'
I just had a horrifying revalation
Odd question, I've stumbled into one of the weirdest IP addresses I've ever seen in an autogenned username
like I actually didn't know that IP addresses could look like this, can I post it here even or does that go against some rule?
I'm just curious as to where that format would come from
nvm thal answered it
yah
halp
computer task bars frozen up
sorry, hello
nah, heres fine, I'm just bugged out here
wow, original Xcom EU really had some...features...
this is all cut content
huh, not sure why my computer auto-reconnected like that
but that definitely happened??
Noooo!
lets have a moment of silence for Hugh Heifner
he finally kicked the bucket
huh, interesting video, you can see pretty much exactly when this guy browns out, blacks out, and then comes to
very interesting textbook g force effect
night folks
Who hast summoned thou
I always forget whether or not Teruzi is a mod or not
hes basically a Spanish teller
except that analogy doesn't make any sense
God damn it, I swear to god I'm going to have to go to the fucking ER at this rate
took me 4 fucking hours to physically get in touch with a gastro physician and then scheduling is empty atm
eh, GI bleeding
its not active right now but its part of an increasingly severe chronic issue
so now its jumped in priority
In all seriousness, reading up on the zodiac killer makes it a mildly interesting case.  Guy was clearly completely goddamn insane and sloppy as all hell.
Had he done any of what he did 20 years later forensics would've been advanced enough to catch him
hell, 10 years later even
the guys only big thing was being a crypto-anarchist edgelord 30 years before it was cool
you can even see much of the same ego stroking you see with that crowd online nowadays, particularly whenever you get hackers doing things repeatedly
the biggest weird thing with the zodiac killer is how he constantly swaps weapons and weapon calibers
going from 9mm to .45 to .22 to .38
most gun people dont do that
you have one favorite ammo type generally
catching fire was okay
but mockingjay was absolute shite
also as someone put it, divergent is im12andthisisdeep the book
yes, and then her sister gets [spoilers] in the middle of a hectic scene as a sidenote you only realize when it gets brought up later
in a series of events that is bizzare and hamfisted
Guys, I read something really deep
r/nosleep posts combined with /r/shittynosleep
@Doc_Mod, I would totally sell earth bet dollar coins if it wouldn't get me arrested by the US government
granted, I got the feeling that was always an artifact of WB interpreting US culture and government as a Canadian and either disliking or disapproving of that.
Y'all Canadians are judgmental of US culture and customs
I still love the polandball joke about how zimbabwe can fly because of how overinflated it is
yes
and in at least one comic zimbabwe becomes the hindenberg
Poland actually has a few sattelites
they dont have rockets to send people but they did get on with the ESA freight
you did?
was it one of the lost ones?
oh god, now I want to see a polandball Lost lost cosmonaut joke
RIP Yuri Gagarin
"Do not be afraid, I am a soviet citizen like you, who has descended from space and must find a phone to call moscow"
which is apparently actually a misquote of two different comments he made in that landing
where he told the two siberian farmers in the middle of nowhere to stop panicking and then when they asked him if he had come from space
gotta remember, he had that whole fancy spacesuit on and to them it was an absolutely alien looking outfit
guy was an absolute badass though, its a shame he died
and a shame more Americans don't know him
hes the soviet Neil Armstrong, who biked to the moon and then played trombone on it
or maybe I'm confused
speaking of, you hear astronomers bagged there fourth black hole collision?
its exciting since they have three facilities for detecting up now with a fourth coming momentarily
so they can now triangulate them
which is really fucking impressive when we're talking relativistic speeds
oddly no visible sighting yet of it
but it is also too close to be one of the hypothesized big bang remanents being picked up
uhhh
not these ones
we're talking small-medium black holes
ones about 30x the suns mass on average
they actually haven't picked up what they thought they would so far.
they expected a lot more neutron star collisions
so its possible they may not be entirely right on how neutron stars work, as I don't THINK they've been directly observed?
Awww
apparently leather armor doesn't offer more protection if from different sources
Dwarf Fortress
you can get leather from almost any animal, including people
yet apparently rhino or elephant leather isnt any stronger than deer or human leather
or dragon or forgotten beast leather
which makes me sad
Granted, human leather is pretty much exclusively used to identify you as a vampire
seeing as nobody else really bothers going after humans and most dwarves consider sapient bodies to be waste
but you'd think elephant, raptor, or dragon leather would be tougher
raptors are actual raptors
as opposed to those stupid fake bird raptors
hmm
So any animal leather is roughly as good?
except for things like humans because generally our skins too thin from what I hear
I think same problem with dogs too
not sure about rabbits though
Is it bad that I went on 4chan and wish people a happy new year today (Yom Kippur?)
clog?
I had a GI bleed, different thing entirely
panicked for a bit, have a doctors appointment wednsday as its likely due to all the other problems I have
its internal bleeding in places you'd rather not bleed internally into
the jewish new year lasts from rosh hashana to yom kippur
the new year doesn't "start" until yom kippur
technically its the smoke that is toxic
I would like to point out, in another life, CB could have been an absolutely horrifying prankster/serial killer with his power
he could time freeze pianos above doorways
shhh
also his power is the best for riding a chandelier down into a dining room and kicking the bad guy in the face
as he can freeze the chandelier so it doesn't just give out
Ask the simurgh to provide permits
er... to show permits
and then fine the shit out of her
because you can
Wouldn't that be a really bad idea with how much water leviathan produces?
if you nuked him you'd spread an obscene amount of radiation around
and not just in the target area, in the entire surrounding area because that waters gotta go somewhere
I recall bikini atoll being an underwater nuclear test
and that still being the third worst radiological incident on earth
fourth*
#1 hiroshima, #2 nagasaki, #3 Chernobyl, #4 Bikini atoll, #5 was fukushima maybe?
after that you get all sorts of fun horrific incidents.  Uravans still a radiological hell and they didn't even do bomb testing there
even worse was the sites they were refining vanadium or other heavy metals at and dumped uranium dust as a waste product
apparently that was a bad idea
theres also the incident in south America thats awful
where some idiots stole a chest X-ray from a defunct hospital and scrapped it, and sold the scrap for money, and then the scrapyard owner saw a blue glow and thought it was something possibly magical, and some other guy bought the glowing rocks from him to make jewelry for his wife with
I think there were several thousand people exposed with several hundred actually contaminated, and of that a dozen or so seriously
apparently chekov radiation is some freaky stuff
or ionization or whatever it was, scientists actually haven't reached a consensus exactly what the scrapyard owner saw, and for some weird reason nobody has bothered to recreate the conditions
we're not talking strontium or uranium, we're talking radioactive caesium
caesium is a lot shorter lived and a LOT more nasty
I see blue, and he looks glorious!
oh right, there was also that glorious radiological incident in Russia
granted it somehow ended up not actually being a radiological nightmare like they thought it was
theres also dispute here whether or not he actually saw the beam or whether that was his brain freaking out at his optic nerve being fried by a goddamn particle beam
proton beam*
also jesus christ I tried looking up images and only got unrelated gore and shock images
as well as stupidity about how it cleared his wrinkles (because partial facial paralysis)
This is also an OSHA origin story
I like to imagine corgis actually get claimed by fairies when they die, and that while this would be a fate worse than death for most people, for doggos they don't really experience a difference
I'm half asleep
speaking of curve balls
It would be ironic if marilyn Manson got crushed to death by a giant gun.
uhhh, Rito wtf?
Tylers an awful person and has been permabanned on 25+ different riot accounts
Neurotypical is due to the fact that its now obvious there is usually not a binary to mental illness
usually its a spectrum
you can be only a little schizophrenic and be mostly compatable with society, or you can be very autistic and be completely unable to function outside a structured environment
this even goes for things like gender identity, body dysphoria, and anxiety
pretty much everybody has a least favorite part of there body they've probably at least once speculated what it'd be like without
oddly enough generally the left thigh or the left leg below the knee
scion doesn't fit on the spectrum
the spectrums designed around human psychology
by the same logic a dog would be considered obessive or retarded (in the actual meaning of the phrase).  The only reason they even took down scion like they did is because he was emulating human psychology at th etime
normally hes basically closest to a gestalt intelligence or wet computer.
Dragon is a Turing AI, and crawler is vaguely human
What people mix up is there is more than one concept of an AI, Alan Turings concept, early and late stage asimov, and Brin-Asimov/Brin
Turings theory was that you don't need to think like a person, so long as you think close enough to a person that you are functionally compatible in society, at which point you're literally indistinguishable from a person
doesn't matter how they think, only how they behave, as you generally can't superficially fake behavior like that without having it have some significant form of feedback, learning just doesn't allow it.
The Simurgh on the other hand, is basically a late stage Asimovian AI
True, but it gets awkward as the systems really not all there yet for that, not enough comparisons and of other pseudotribal species on earth two of the three are incompatible with standard testing
and the third is iffy also
You see them in fanon a lot because autistic characters can be used as an excuse for failing to properly write an in depth character
granted, you could also argue bitch was likely at least mildly autistic before her trigger
I sincerely doubt she was neurotypical even before her trigger
Its not exactly clear, but the conditions in foster care as is are toxic enough to breed mental illness
and thats without budget cuts and endbringer orphans/S9 orphans
If you try to write a complex character and fail to get personality write, often you'll get a stilted and jarring character, and sometimes people write it off as autistic
Theres a definite nurture aspect to autism
granted a lot of it is nature also
autism isn't just one condition, its multiple that all share similar symptoms, unfortunately its hard to tell, especially with feral children and foster children as in a shocking turn of events poor families without access to proper mental health councilling are far more likely to abandon an autistic child than a neurotypical one
True, but those conditions can make autism worse
children develop even with autism, with the proper early intervention you can downgrade severity significantly, or upgrade it (granted, this isn't well studied for VERY obvious reasons)
Well, thats an easy bug report
animals being considered notable historic figures for being born, settling a region, and dying of old age peacefully
Dwarf Fortress
jaguar showed up in legends for being born, living in a desert, and dying with no notable events occuring
So wait, why do PRT agents need to learn to throw a knife when they can just push one button and call in actual parahuman support?
chekovs gun jammed
where is it stuck and what kind of bird?
have you tried smoking it out?
I do enjoy some of the fanon going into some of the administrative issues involving things such as when capes come down with a serious medical issue that ISNT an assassination attempt or field injury
wherein things get a bit wonky because generally heroes can either walk it off, get treatment, or are dead.
its just that the administrative oversight that a newish agency with parahumans have occasionally is not fleshed out and amuses me
oh god, a worm x house fic would be the most glorious trashy thing ever
just make worm into a shitty medical drama
I was thinking things like if a cape suffers a stroke on the job
uhhh
Fire fighters consider someone having a heart attack on the job as a workplace injury
as do many places of employment, particularly emergency services
@tubes, I sincerely doubt the PRT has a resident cardiologist on staff, they'd need an actual hospital for long term treatment
and that'd require a whole bunch of complex shit, especially if the cape doesn't have immediate family
for short term stays usually masked
Does simurgh even qualify as female Jackknife?
As far as we can tell the simurgh is basically just a late stage asimovian AI that is effectively too alien in thought process to understand, we can comprehend the thought process because its parallel to our own, but its not actually equivalent
Simurgh was clearly planning something with that
possibly as a way of controlling its own leash fully or of controlling other inactive endbringers, or for a myriad of other reasons, or for nostalgia
who knows.  Either way the fact that eidolins last goal was just to defeat scion means the simurgh may have an invalid ""lawset"" (endbringers don't quite work that way)
I mean, it is in Ellisberg
they paint them and everything
I'm pretty sure that people who dislike worm wouldn't go here to trash talk it.  To find this community you've gotta spend a fair deal of time reading worm stuff even
Evening JL
The trick is to deathmatch as someone who can regen
like tracer, whatshernamewiththemech, roadhog, or torbjorn
you can deflect Hanzo ults if you time it right and get lucky
gotta do it before it deploys proper
You sound like that guy from Dragonball Z
happy birthdayt
Birthday
shut up saff
shes been giving me shit for my spelling
I swear to god I thought it was bazuka
how was I supposed to know that one
bazooka
I am mucking with hebrew atm so if I start spelling with it tell me
APPARENTLY WITH A HEBREW KEYBOARD YOU CAN STILL TYPE ENGLISH IN ALL CAPS
CAPS LOCK DOES NOT WORK AS A WORKAROUND THOUGH
Wait
what if
what if taylor never triggered
what if it was the bees all along?
Fucking hell
that space battle imperial victory animation
a star destroyer dewarps ON TOP OF a goddamn corvette
watching it
@soulpelt|, this is between 6-7 so they just killed him
Question
anyone here know that racist theory about how environment influenced evolution>?
and the other comparable theory that was something with not naturalism but was something close?
I'm studying and its not politics
the latter is literally naturalism
quite a few
the thing was there was a whole shitty period from the 1800s-1980s where people used science to justify why the groups they didn't like were inferior
and it resulted in a whole bunch of theories that were almost close to something valid but were then twisted to an insane or obscene conclusion
Did he died?
because that dangerously approaches "red mist" territory
banjo why
wat
whats a CTCP
uhhhhhh
By the way, my roommate had a relatively odd question for WB, over whether or not hes read The Mothman Prophecies.  Apparently the authors description of the damn thing is close to the simurgh?
I have no idea what hes talking about personally, apparently its some weird paranormal thing in west virginia of all places
oh hey, my roommate had a question for you WB
do you by any chance know of a book called The Mothman Prophecies?
(I barely have any idea what hes talking about, its apparently a book about some paranormal myth in West Virginia???)
Roommate wanted to know, he thought there was a parallel with them in comparison to the simurgh
but yeah, he thought there was some inspiration in regard to the extradimensional abomination that fucks with us as some part of its own vague long term programmed goals, with no real malevolance, although an odd focus on driving people insane
I can't help but feel that the movie did sidious and yoda wrong
I feel it would've probably been better if sidious went full exorcist in that scene
especially with all the sharp pointy postmodern art in his office
I remember 2008 youtube and 2011 justin tv
as well as good ol' COD 4 Chat and forums\
ah, they were awful then and they'
theyre awful now
Uhhhh
hey
sooooo hypothetically speaking say you had a container of gasoline
and say the hypothetical safety cap on said hypothetical gas can just fell into your fuel tank
should one be concerned... hypothetically speaking?
I saw someone have a psychotic break over one of the bosses
I'm very confused
apparently I'm being yelled at because apparently you aren't supposed to get mud in the mud room
Why would you call it a mud room if you aren't supposed to track mud into it!?
House
@foss if you are a snob I guess?
AAaaaa
This is a real event that actually occurred on the planet we currently reside in
Please make it stop, even worm is less grim than this now
at least people weren't rioting about dipping sauce in wormverse
I'll be ur doc mod bb
:(
I do enjoy the concept of an AI just being meta-aware of the popular paranoia of AIs and fucking with people
Even if an AI did determine humanity was a threat to it or itself it wouldn't be obligated to do anything
it could just likely fuck off somewhere safe and mock humanity as it implodes
To be fair you have to have a very high IQ to understand rick and morty memes
WOOT
Cars fixed
$4000+ of other peoples insurance money down the drain!
ignoring however much my rental car cost
Can't really feel bad because they hit me when I was parked though
you're going to become that character from undertale everyone obsesses over
no wait, thats all of them...
Eh, been popping up a bit, and I watched some livestreamer have a psychotic break the other day spending 7 hours to fight sans
I don't know what the context was
but I know he fought sans for 7 contiouous hours and was nearly incoherent by the end
FUCK
NY Giants officially worst football team in the league
kill me
Yes, it took the guy 7 hours
and when sans called him determined and said he would do it because he could and therefore felt he had to
with the streamer then going on a rant about how he was going to kill sans because he had nothing left to lose and already had lost everything
it was glorious
You know, what I like in Weaverdice is that if you try to do dumb cop tv show shit you die for it.
and so do the NPCs
as opposed to this crappy show on CBS
Her power is telekinesis that actually abides by the square cubed law
as opposed to everyone elses bullshit telekinesis
parians power relied on surface area
thats why she worked with cloth, because it maximized surface area while maintaining some level of structure
Well you see
once upon a time we were monkeys
and our ancestors decided to leave the trees and wander the plains
and then our ancestors decided to start becoming smart and building things
this move to sapience is generally considered the beginning for the end of humanity
Sapience was a mistake
Hey guys, I found a way to hurt people over the internet
With a 12 second video clip
this will cause physical pain
just a 12 second video clip
RIP
my sound driver ocrrupted
There wer go
enjoy bastards
I didn't mean to I'm triple tasking
I do enjoy that you have both the tolkein elves and the fae elves in Dwarf fortress
and some of them are straight up balkanized savages
or just man eaters that worship the trees they shape and live in
you've got all three elves in it
you've got your bosmer, you've got your Chill dusk elves
and you've got your slave trading desert elves
and a few other kinds
but yeah, its glorious because the dusk elves, due to being the most commonly racially accepting of elves are also the most likely ones to have some kind of shambling horror as there mayor or king
and the tree-hugging elves are almost always in an inevidable race war with the dwarves
ah yes, mantis people, cave johnsons favorite
What about the colored lantern of procrastination
Welcome back
you can sign out any time you like, but you can never leave
Uhhhh
I know I should be hyped about this trailer but for some reason I'm not
I should be excited about this, but its just got nothing that really draws me you know
like its got obligatory Not-Hoth, obligatory somehow kylo wins, obligatory Not-Emperor torturing the protagonist
obligatory walker assault
and totally-not-land-speeders
I mean yeah, but it just doesn't do it for me
I mean, I'm a hardcore star wars fan
I even hyped battlefront and battlefront II
I do have to give star wars credit for justifying that there are other melee weapons besides lightsabres
and some of them are actually fairly decent
Gotta remember the droid army were supposed to be glorified mall cops and corporate security
Other than the SBDs and droidekas they were all just -poorly- recoded for large scale military usage
part of why at their peak the clones killed them 10 to 1 and those stats were bias to the early war explicitly
the longer the war went the closer to 100 to 1
banking clan actually had the decent droids, super battledroids were scary
expensive but theres a reason its one of the few droids capable of ganking a jedi
Droidekas could do it too-ish??  but they were actually really dumb even by droid army standards
yah, kaminoans are interesting
especially since there planet wasn't always a watery hellworld
the big reason the species survived was eugenics and they had an enforced caste system
if you had a genetic or congenital condition or the wrong eye-color they would recycle the kaminoan
Its also implied they didn't actually have a good grasp of genetic engineering, instead mostly doing a bunch of clever but haphazard workarounds
I'm a fan of the republic commando series which went into that and also went into someone putting the dots together for the emperors gambit, but putting them together wrong
I also liked that it wasn't palpatine C O U P boing that set the kaminoans off, although they werent amused
it wasn't order 66 either, although that upset them that they weren't in on it
it was the fact that the emperor tried making his own flash cloning program on one of coroscaunts moons
that was a bridge too far for them
@Brut, that still pisses me off
I hate that they belittled order 66 and the clone initiative with it like that
a big part of it originally was that all those emotions hazed up the jedi future-sight
part of why they couldn't see anything through the haze of the darkside in 3
besides, its been made clear that the moralistic jedi went in the face of the clones rules and even the law and regs sometimes
so the clones hearing that the jedi staged a coup is something that would be totally believable
it'd be unfortunate but if they stepped too far they stepped too far, they'd killed friendlies for less before
sure SOME of them would turn but most of them wouldnt and those that turned wouldnt be willing to kill comrades
@Rhet, Republic commando is class C canon
its canon so long as the tv show or movies dont contradict it
Star wars canon is classed from A-F in canoninity
@Brut, most of them are class F
which is non-canon
Republic commando is C
yeah, books did dumb shit
and book 4 of RC series was rushed and halfassed
books 1-3 are worth thou
also liked that one of the commandos goddamn [spoilers] [spoilers] because some dumbass cab driver [spoilers] [spoilers]
I do like that we saw the emperor properly fight in that
and he mostly just went full darkside mode
partially because a sith supremacy duel is one of the few things worthy of his direct attention as a sith
we also got to see dooku and why hes scary
It doesn't make you stronger
it just makes killing easier
jedi have all sorts of neat tricks in there book
jedi skills are less flashy usually
partially because sith like showing off and being sadistic
while jedi just like proper utility tools
so an expert sith will overpower an expert jedi in a straight fight, but an expert jedi will not give a straight fight
an expert jedi will bait a sith into a situation where he will be exhausted and worn down, and when that jedi strikes it will be decisive
Grievous isn't a sith, hes actually just that good
seriously, people forget grievous killed the dozen jedi he killed by sheer batshit warlord insanity
I have been taught in the way of your ""jedi arts"" by count dookoo
the Obi wan fight was glorious
beats old canon of that
where a whole series of dumb wankfest occurred instead
Before that fight maul had been baited into the dune sea chasing obi wan
In star wars 1 obi wan cut maul in half and threw him down a coolant shaft
maul survived -barely- through sheer hatred and ended up insane and a husk of himself in a junkyard planet for the next decade
Obi wans initial plan was to just run maul through all the shitty parts of Tattoine until he gave up or died of thirst
maul killed Qui Gon
up until maul brought a third party in as bait to get obi wans attention.
so maul was worn down and on his last legs when this fight occurred, while obi wan was on his home field advantage and at peace with his purpose and moral justification
the big problem is, mauls whole combat strategy revolves around knocking people off balance again and again until he stabs them out
thats great for 99% of enemies, but obi wan was completely centered and prepared.  So his whole aggression tactic went miserably.
Also the original canon for this fight (before disney buyout) involved a whole series of events with obi wan getting overpowered and maul being shot by a wounded lars with a damaged blater
blaster*
which was a bit of a wank fest
especially seeing he died 4 fucking times in the original EU
thank god no
this overrides that as canon
and does a much better job I might add
I like to imagine Qui Gon got a lot of shit in the afterlife
"hes harmless" you said, "he'll bring peace to the jedi order" they said
@vanderhuge, ashoka showed up in the rebels series
and is probably going to next show up in the post canon on the dark side
Didn't help that obi wan knew maul left a trail of bodies behind him, so its not like he'll sleep poorly at night killing him anyway
maul killed a lot of people
@Netrunner, he got cut in half and then got spider legs, and then got given actual real cybernetics
and then he came back in power, briefly became supreme overdouche of mandalore, and then got his shit pushed in by sheev
@Brut, they were perfectly chaste diplomatic allies
there was absolutely no Code violating relations between them
you can't prove anything
Much like Tom Cruise obi wan is a perfectly straight and narrow chaste and by the book individual
and if you say anything to the contrary it is defamation
Now that is full anime
even though full anime it also was a proper grevious murder spree
not that scene, seen a bit of the show though from 2003 clips
yes, grievous was supposed to be that kind of a foe
one who always was clever with his combat tactics and was capable of fighting jedi, but his ""accident"" only made him scarier
how would a hand crafted IRC work?
like if you build a tinkertech IRC client by hand does it count?
I'm saying stupid shit because its 12:40 and using tinkertech to justify nonsense
You can make anything tinker tech if you try hard enough
it might be useless or basically just a regular object with a bunch of needless circuits on it and will give you cancer, but it'll still be tinkertech
FUCK, I've got a friend who goes to texas tech
they got locked down, apparently there was a shooting
looks like a student got arrested for drugs and shot the arresting officer in the head
didn't go further
#politics
Wait
did Hideo Kojima die in worm?
because two of them already just killed dozens of capes including myraddin and revealed an international/interdimensional conspiracy
its not like you can detonate more of a ziz bomb then that
I'm not an idiot I swear
yes, because its true!
DAMN YOU ThalAI
well, past thalia
@ThalAI, you sent me a troll thing 13 hours ago
and I just got it
Welp, might have popped an ulcer again
lets hope not
I really fucking hate that my gastric system is borked to shit like it is
?
Generally those speedboost things are considered techs by the community
tricks that are a chain of whatever for abuse
Question
I'm doing a paper write up wherein I compare quality of life, crime rate, and drug usage rates between the low-income-housing Projects and the Soviet Union Standardized Apartment Blocs
I can't find stats for the latter however
Even from the last 20 years?
where the soviet union collapsed but the buildings are there?
So update, you were right there are no goddamn stats for russian standardized housing
at least none that distinguish anything of note
Also yeah, didnt bakudas takedown occur offscreen and involve alexandria somehow?
Morning/Afternoon/Evening bow
I completely forget which time zone you live in as relevant to this hour
Couldn't flechette theoretically use her power on her armor and just fucking koolaid man people?
like siberian style?  I mean, this would be a horrible idea because this is how you get declared siberian lite and shot in the face... but she COULD have done it possibly
hmm
vista could easily be s class
by virtue of her mucking with highway physics
but flechette definitely could have a few scary applications, I'm just trying to think of a good one
I mean, highways aren't consistant traffic
you get pulses of high volume low volume
have her set up in between those and suddenly cars to the moon
wasn't that why the vista clones were so high priority to put down?
especially the vista clone that fucking stretched atoms?
generally in most skyscrapers they either have distributed support or central support
distributed supports are harder to take down fully but can be more easily partial collapsed
but as 9/11 showed, when you fuck up central supports, bad things happen
such as that pancake collapse effect
where normally only part of a building would've crumpled down instead the entire thing flattened with near relativistic forces
manton limit, flechette can handle objects she imbues
otherwise she'd be too edgy
doesn't she throw darts or something at one point?
I think thats mostly so it doesnt slip from her grip because no resistance forces
yes
but it hurting her goes directly against power trends
I mean, physics say she'd still get stabbed even if the power wore off
Fucking hell
some VERY nasty videos from california
it sounds like the state government dropped the ball
they failed to order voluntary or mandatory evacuations in a region in an attempt to avoid panic
queue the fire being very aggressive and the containment failing
and now you've got people being evacuated by local police and fire department as they both panic and peoples goddamn neighbors being the ones warning them to get the fuck out
the local police and fire did a good job by the looks of it and they went well above and beyond the call of duty but it sounds like people PROBABLY died because of this
especially seeing the few videos that WERE taken are mostly horrifyingly bad
with one of them including the person in it appearing to literally start dying of hypoxia due to the air being too hot for his lungs to process
guy had ran out to open a gate, complained he couldn't breathe the air and kind of slowed down and looked lost before the dude yelled at him to get back in the car
the driver*
if thats going on with young HEALTHY people than chances are older more ill people likely didnt make it out
unfortunately forest fires are a bitch to tell who is missing from as some people fuck off weeks in advance and some people just run for the hills and keep driving to try to get ahead of it, and others don't realize they haven't been picked up in roll call.
So generally you can get 200 people missing and only 2 dead in some circumstances
FUUUUUCK
22 casualties in sonoma county (the one the state dropped the ball in)
I'm not placing blame, its just that from what I'm hearing from people FROM somona county, people did not have adequate warning
people went to bed hearing the situation was under control and woke up to people shouting to get out
That said, I'm a new york firefighter so this is WELL outside of my fire knowledge
closest thing we trained with was hurricane response, and thats a whole other game
??
thanks I guess?
im bad at irc
pls halp
@VereorNox, did you jailbreak it like everyone recommends you do>
all the DLC is already installed
is it fun?
thats the real question
awesome
Wow we are quiet today
uhhh, #politics shits going down in the world
#politics material is #politics
and a civil war starting is #politics
when theres somethin strange
in your neighborhood, who ya gonna call?
Evidently nickserv???
On an unrelated note
really awesome, theres been question as to why these werent picked up when they SHOULD be more common then black hole collisions
and here we have one that not only got picked up but also got triangulated and spotted
in multiple spectrums also
By the way lacks, I'd like to appologize for getting in the dispute I had with you in my dreams
In my defense your dream self wrote some really low brow fan fics that I don't recall any details of
it was in a dream
I get vivid, borderline lucid dreams and occasionally I get weird shit like that
In one dream my dad shot me with a crossbow
It is very odd because several times I've had dreams where I've tried to identify whether or not it was a dream in the dream and come to the false conclusion it was real, only to wake up disoriented for the next minute as I realized my past several hours of memory were nonsensical
the hazards of close-but not quite lucid dreaming
gotta get that registered sex offender moustache to get in the middle ground
or grow your beard past osama tier to gandalf tier
if you grow your beard long enough it ceases to be Terrorist and becomes wizard
just beware the hobo and hipster beard territory
also wait, odd question
is it canon that cauldron cape powers had a limited lifespan or fanon?
it was due to the fact that cauldron shards don't have any of the whole support system that regular shards have seeing they are part of a braindead husk of an alien that is slowly withering away to true death
The reason I ask is because legend got caught in that time field fighting Khonsu?
and he spent the equivalent of at least several decades if not several hundred years going Lightspeed
ah, and it doesn't take as long as people think to wear people down into bleached skeletons in a sunlit environment.  So we really dont have the scale for how long that field lasted
three fatalities so far, at least two of them were driving
Please stay indoors
Several capes stroked out
but those weren't actual powers lost, mostly just that they literally went braindead
and braindeath is a weird grey area with powers
seeing theres a reason you didn't have people holding cape corpses and electrocuting them to make them twitch and explode people
A Møøse once bit my sister
ah right, I always forget you're a communist vern
You've gotta go for the austrian arnold accent
Yaaagh Get to zeee choppa!
I'll be bach
It is interesting, in hindsight theirs a whole bunch of signs of Worm being a Canadians attempt at writing America
especially with how the gang culture resembles that of actual cartel territory more like what you'd get in Mexico as opposed to in America when you tend to get a lot of very localized gang groups
as well as a bunch of loosely associated groups that generally are vaguely part of a bigger group
Its not a negative and it has no bearing on the actual story but it is interesting
oh god
I goofed and accidentally played a death note OST
I think I managed to cut my inner eardrum on the edge
~~FUTURE~~
Xcom fics that aren't smut are usually glorious
theres just so much framework to work with especially since the fan interpretations of XCOM are better than canon
I mean, seriously, the idea of XCOM as a Rapid response team as opposed to a Men in black agency or evolving into a borderline alien gestapo agency is interesting, as opposed to the whole "lol-bad-uplifting-attempt"
I prefer the idea that they were looking for new bodies and needed sufficiently psionic humans to host them without disintegrating
and they probably COULD have used sectoids but seeing as the sectoids are the Serbians of XCOM nobody would want to use them
Yah, but I also like to imagine the final fight was quite a bit more complex than we saw in canon
and that all that tech that xcom sold actually did something
there were other militaries handling aliens, XCOMs was just the most sufficiently skilled and trained for rapid response
ah, they mind controlled my mech because I didn't realize they could do that and I put him down hard while using ghost suits and an assault to flank and ANNIHLATE enemies
my assault had an obscene movespeed and the final shotgun is broken
you can use it as a borderline sniper rifle
One of the good anti-etherial tricks is to have SHIVs
they can't do much to SHIVs
only the base ones
the flying ones not as well
they've got there psi storms but they can be baited into accidentally suiciding with them
I've been working on my baiting AIs recently
got the ADVENT MECs to actually blow themselves up recently
Yes, although it annoyed me we never get any of that
just having random police officers with like 2 hp and a handgun that didn't do much but do 1 damage and die or if you get lucky actual military vs militia
except its not logos, the games perfectly capable of mapping actions like that
they just didnt bother
the game can AI vs AI xcom squads and aliens
They justify it with the skyranger size limitations and the fact that building a mach 4 transport is expensive
they have the air bases but they only had the one staging base
FOBs would be interesting, especially if you had to manage gear between them
and sacrifice on healing and such
@lankhmar, it does, they did the math
your dollars are probably millions if not tens of millions
especially since you are paying for troops from countries that are fully trained and elite usually
to give fucking US Navy SEALs or whatever equivalents
and that armors usually top of the line also
Gratz WB
You are free
You can finally leave the damp celler where the admins tied you up in to force you to write
where are you that it is finals!?
as are some of the XCOM mass effect crossovers
especially the ones where humanity still retains a near comedic amount of xenophobia
fair
granted, the ME fallout crossovers do also and those are pretty glorious
its a shame that fic died
eh, same
but it was a glorious concept
or the idea that XCOM has effectively become the secret police
or everyones way of cleaning up stupid messes
I also like the idea that there was an explicit peace deal signed that bars vahlen and her ancestors from participating in the XCOM program again
or a peace treaty that explicitly included that as a clause
right
I'm being stupid again
Uhh, XCOM 2 isnt really
the idea is that you lost the campaign
and they were going the takeover earth route
XCOM was fighting uphill the whole time
fair, I can't see that as well
that bits dumb how they did it
I do like the idea of multiple smaller resistance cells
or the long war thing of that you are literally a terrorist organization that blows shit up for attention
and kidnaps and summarily executes people
There is something to be said for "why did we just kidnap this alien that we don't have a containment cell for?"  "So we can steal its gun and then throw it in the dumpster, duh"
Well you see, as long as the alien is still biologically alive it wont trigger the failsafe
nobody said anything about it being ""living""
They clone sectoids in bulk and floaters are barely even sapient
I get the idea they've stopped caring about individuals.
most self destructs aren't tinker tech complex
hell, the biggest anti-tamper mechanism with landmines is placing another landmine underneath it
and theres a reason for that
welcome to our evil lair
the point is that the self destruct mechanism would likely be simple and obvious
because going over the top with self destruct mechanisms is stupid, inefficient, and also likely to coat your own soldiers in radioactive highly molten plasma
R I P
Wait
did anyone tell him to watch out for that thing with Jacob?
you king or different new guy
also hello either way
ah
WB what have you done!  They're overrunning us
sorry, I was kidding around, my bad
I forget y'all are more used to my obnoxious humor
Rude
I'm not a moron, I swear
?
I have no idea what you are talking about
You don't want to sell him death sticks
thals a girl?
I knew saff was but for some reason I thought thal was a guy
...
I hate everything
The I'm an idiot or the samus is a girl one?
Do I look like a person who knows things to you?
Didnt she die violently to 66?
whats that from?
I've heard a lot of good things about it
@Brut, as someone put it, the big problem is the more vader is fleshed out the more dumb lukes redemption attempts are
and the less you WANT to see vader redeemed
guy was the boogeyman o the empire
I'll be honest, the fleshing out of the day in the life of the non-force powered folks is always interesting and the jedi purge being fleshed is good too
especially since there is no one plan that will 100% wipe out the jedi, they're just too flexible for it
you've got to really go at them from multiple angles
which is what the emperor did
Weren't the emperors guard and inquisitors mostly those washout jedi like the one from Rogue 1 that actually got offered a job with decent pay and a modicum of respect and responsibility?
you know, temple guardians?
because it turns out the sith offer better payscales and vertical movement in the workplace?
Well yeah, for the temple guard it was do your job great and you can keep doing it until you die
and maybe if you get lucky you can get sent to the ass end of nowhere to protect old jedi relics nobody cares about
with the sith its, "Do well at your job and you can be the emperors/vaders right hand man, we cover dental, vacation leave, transport expenses, and give you a corporate card"
You even get your equipment actually paid for instead of having to foray into a goddamn death cave to find it
Im sure the emperor even gave them one bitchin break longue and even stocked it
with job benefits like that you can't afford NOT to turn to the dark side
I think tubes is getting confused
me and brut were having an unrelated convo to logos and tubes'
ah
just making sure you didnt read my thing and crosswire it with logos's
dude, just take out an unsecured loan and put a lien on your house, its what all the cool kids are doing
thats what NINJA loans are for
and you don't need to own the title of the house, they'll just sell you one with another loan, you don't need an income, credit score, job, or employment to get one man
NINJA loans single handedly caused the 2007 economic recession
and directly killed the housing market for years
because people were getting unsecured bank loans, selling houses, and then paying off the loans for said houses with mortgages from the same houses
and doing this in bulk so the banks could say they had a ton of assets and money being moved for profit.
Basically, someone has an idea to make money from nowhere, relying on selling houses and then getting those worthless shit loans credited, making people in debt forever, because the bank didnt expect you to ever pay it off and didnt want the houses anyway
so the bank could say they COULD take your house and sell it at face value in theory therefore they have that money
which is great, up until you stop actually selling houses and earning money...
at which point those loans that were worthless that were advertised as a great source of income have gone from being a great investment to actually being worthless
and then people go to prison or get fined millions of dollars because thats borderline fraud'
or in the case of the companies accrediting the loans as high quality loans, they went under because there accrediting was now meaningless
it was a bit of a snowball effect
Because somewhere someone did a stupid and made it sound good and everyone just went with it because if you didn't you were an idiot and wouldn't make a few billion dollars
and although people got pissed because all of 2 people actually went to prison for it, all the companies that allowed the banks to package this as looking like a sound investment had to close doors due to nobody trusting them anymore
and an accrediting agency that nobody trusts to accredit things is useless
also a lot of them lost a lot of money or got at least partially lynched out of the industry
a lot of very wealthy people lost everything or lost a lot due to that
hell, as someone who saw some of the vulture side of it, so much of those loans were toxic that even the people who made money off of distressed debt couldn't make money off of it.
So, apparently someone broke twitch
I was unfollowing a bunch of old livestreamers from the starcraft era and from justin tv era and noticed that I had a generic blank livestreamer image in it now
and apparently it led to a streamer going by the username null
I can only assume some coder is going to hit there head on their desk when they get that bug report
Oh God!
I've just been made to see the horrifying truth
The V-Wing, X-Wing, and Y-Wing are all named after the shape of the craft, yet the latin alphabet doesn't exist in star wars!
Everything I know is a lie!
there is no analog!  The shape resembles the latin letters and we've SEEN the star wars alphabet, its not similar to those shapes
so you are telling me they went out of there way to name craft in languages that were not the common language and would just annoy everyone to pronounce expecting them to stick?
Apparently English was in the original star wars IV and this is yet another thing George Lucas went full...well... George Lucas on
yeah
mostly prequel memes?
but also slowly rading catalyst
reading*
Added to my list
they keep setting sand traps for him
they just set buckets full of sand on the doorways that vader is walking through
That ice/water/milk composition is the bitch and a half part of it
good job
I'm just sad because I gotta play blender games on hard mode because lactose intolerance
I already have one ulcer
I don't need another
hmm
fuck it, I'm annoyed by minor deviations for no reason, but I liked FTL, I liked Frozen Synapse, and I like xcom, I'm sure I will enjoy heat signature
I always love the concept that humanity had unified and racism was a thing of the past... because we'd all found something else to discriminate against
those goddamn space squids
I do enjoy in the southpark game the sheer amount of superfluous deaths you can suffer
Yah, southpark the fractured but whole
You know, I totally just realized, couldn't the flash theoretically use his power tohu style on them?
er... couldnt the flash theoretically use his power to goddamn turn people to dust?
So, interesting fact, even BEFORE the viking Era scandenavia was actively taking part in raids against the latin world
theirs evidence that a large amount of scandenavians joined with the Germanics and actually made a killing on the fall of the Roman empire, this is also where the Germanic tribal cultures all started popping up as well as a spike in Rich Burials
and a large rise in gold artifacts from the German Iron Age (Iron age after Rome fell), with this eventually petering out to Bronze-Gold
probably part of why the vikings went the way they did
working on a thing for that and found that interesting
also most of the bog bodies are either german iron age or stupidly old
like seriously, two of the bog bodies found are 2000 bc
it makes you wonder all the random bog bodies that got missed or buried over the years and what could have been found
People are bringing up W2 a lot at the moment as an imminent thing
didn't WB only just escape the writing dungeon?
the admins still gotta catch him and drag him back dont they?
poor WB
he can't escape them
what if tin mother is his captor
we thought tin mother was just a bot but it was actually the person who runs everything the entire time
Wildbow couldn't call for help because tin mother watches
he is truly a slave to his own creation
its always the quiet ones...
what worm thing?
This is the marvel IRC dude
we inhumans here
wait, are you actually a new user?
for some reason I assumed you were dartz
Oh... well this is awkward
Welcome to #parahumans, its usually more active in the afternoon but you are, indeed, totally on course
I've heard from the grapevine there will allegedly be a teaser tonight or tomorrow
in the mean time there are a few other popular channels here, such as #weaverdice for peoples campaigns based in the worm universe and a handful of other channels for...
awwwww
too soon
So out of curiosity, did y'all put a tracking chip on WB or something?  How'd you get him back into the writing dungeon after he finished twig?
or is it like stephen king where at this point WB just has a whole bunch of interns under him and soon he'll begin his real master plan for global genre domination
@lankhmar, I mean, the easiest would be some kind of staggered time release opiates
but that'd fuck them up too much to be viable
@Fracta, building up poison isn't a thing that works like it does in movies, it takes a lot of effort and you are risking making yourself allergic to it also
yes, but some of the opiates are particularly small with how much you need to manage
Trying to find the data but fentanyls Overdose threshold isn't much higher than its actual recreational dosage
so it wouldn't take much to make a "do x or this'll kill you" with it but it'd also string them out way too much
league of legends community is awful sometimes
kind of suprised to see you jumping into W-2 that fast by the way
would've thought you'd want a break in between or something
absolutely didn't my apologies
many artists use commissions like that as a starting point
making art work for your works allows them to put that on their resume and not get yelled at by the trademark owners (as you, the owner were the one who commissioned it)
as opposed to the majority of lower end art is making commission pieces that are dubiously legal (copyright system is annoying)
Plus I get the idea that for niche creative works people, you are one of those big aspired people for how to do it.  Seeing you've got a cult fanbase that is very loyal to you at this point.
Using the indie game example you are a bit on the same field as people like FTL guys or This war of mine
also just a minor thing that absolutely is not pressing, the banner in /r/parahumans is slightly out of date with the current completion of twig
thats just me being neurotic
I always think the wheel of time is the worlds most fuckey gameshow
bring back the batman nipple suit already WB
(Warner brothers, not bow)
...I plead the fifth
honestly, Adam west borderline schizophrenic utility batman is the most glorious of batmans
because he'
crap comment got eaten
true, although ya gotta admit, the idea of dropping adam west batman into the darker batman universes is hilarious
^^
batmans whole thing is fear, isn't it
he thrives on making criminals fear the night
what superman are we talking
are we talking golden age, silver age, recent, ??
because all of those have different power thresholds and usages
then whats the problem?  Supermans vulnerable to magical effects and there are a half a dozen heroes who are faster then him
hell you could theoretically coat the flash in kryptonite dust and have him just go siberian on superman
he'll get cancer afterwards but cancer is fixable
its not
wait, is that the space one?
ah, no idea then
theres been weird reviewbombing on steam
proceed with caution
I heard allegedly the other day that the original siberian concept was COMPLETELY different from what we go by the way
not sure if thats true or not but it'd be interesting
So, note to self, when rescuing a prisoner it is probably best to NOT detour for acts of piracy on the way back
apparently getting your pod blown up when your prisoner is not in an exosuit isnt good for their health or your bounty
olive oil is fun drama
extra virgin olive oil from stores is usually barely even lamp oil quality
This is partially because the American standard is mostly an actual flavor and quality standard while the original standard is a pressing cycle
America actually has standards for acidity and free oil content
as well as aromatics
many countries do not and a lot of non-American nations merely use the pressing standard
huh, wow, I didn't realize narwhal was the first character WB even wrote or even that narwhal was a character WB had fleshed out like we had seen with otuers
always just assumed they were a tangential character made up like many others
is it under warranty?
are you sure its not a loose connection>
RIP
damn it, where do I find goddamn AP ammo for this shotgun yet
huh Redbull twitch stream, those are always fun, especially with the new worm teaser out
what am I watching
All roads lead to Greg Veder
wait, out of all the alternate earths in worm, was there any that the prequels didnt suck in?
So, I didn't get an answer before
seeing they were recovering media from every earth that was still remaining and attempting to piece things together
will we finally see a world where the star wars prequels werent shit?
Star wars 1 contributes nothing to the plot
The bow is dead
long live bow
Step 1: Curl into a ball
step 2: Try not to cry
step 3: Cry a lot
You sweet summer child
plz no
some places are too dark even for me
Yes, I am jewish
also I cant eat cheese
No, you misunderstand
I literally can't have cheese
as in I already have an ulcer and mucking with it will do bad things
and lactose intolerance is a problem
I mean, I could have it, but I could possibly cause myself to bleed to death internally at the moment
my digestive tract is not in a good state
ergo I can't eat cheese
fine
I practically cannot eat cheese
are you happy now?
go back to your alasken den now and hibernate
can we send tubes to live with you in exile in Alaska faust?
in low grade gastric agony, so bussiness as usual
eh, the usual probably chrons disease
nothing like the feeling of your lower intestine seemingly grinding itself apart
The fuck?
My blood results came back and are mostly normal except for mean platlet volume which is oddly low
that would suggest anemia as opposed to internal bleeding
which would mean that what I'm having is less likely to be chrons and more likely to circle back to celiacs
So basically that information we have tells us nothing, wonderful
Woot!
I'm so goddamn obsessive with current events I beat 90% of the news to putting in a wikipedia talk page update about the Paris accords
literally only one site had reported it at the time and only like five have as of now
Thats easy, general consensus is Contessas karma houdini-dom will come to an end
her power is NOT energy efficient and shes been using it way more than scion
Also you've gotta realize the Protectorate/whatever remains of the protectorate probably made her public enemy #1 or KoS as an appeasing tactic to any Case 53s that Scion didn't shove into the meat grinder
well, everythings speculation, but it is WoG that contessas powers not special vs scions power
and scions power was incredibly energy inefficient and contessa isnt a space worm
and its common sense that people who blame you for literally ruining every aspect of there life arent going to stop blaming you for doing so afterwards.
Light Novels are either great or god awful
It doesn't help I'm like 60% sure they are the Japanese equivalent of Fan Fiction novels
or is it comics, I actually don't remember
but I've seen some amazing concepts made and squandered with them
@abyssonym, as I said japanese equivalent.  Its very much a thing in America to a painful extent
on the bright side the worst of it, including my immortal, were apparently joke fics
on the dark side, some of the others definitely werent
ah.
SAO is odd, I've seen it pop up, but its always just...bland.
like how death note might have been fine if the author didn't insist on stretching it to the obligatory size he did?
and also that it was grim dark as hell and the protagonist was kind of a "/r/imverysmart" jackass?
the problem is even if you are that smart, the fact that you are constantly bragging about how smart you are makes it /r/imverysmart
it doesnt matter how smart you are, if you are being that much of an obsessive dick about it you are being self defeating
why is like a quarter of our IRC either temporarily or chronically ill, are we a disease vector or something?
Can people get sick via irc now?
yeah, I'm down to 1 meal a day
not healthy but I lose literal hours if I eat
@JL not sure, could be chrons, could be celiacs, could be other things, but its intensified significantly in the past few months
and I'm definitely experiencing gastric issues that would be typical if I was in my 60s at this point
nope
Operation scheduled november 9th
need to get a letter to my school so they can accomidate for the fact that I literally cant work or study some days
but Umass Memorial is backlogged 3 weeks scheduling
didn't skidmark get the Argentinian Helicopter experience?
9/10 chance its just going to be some random person or a callback to the WD Tanuki character
I missed that threat
Ah
Theres a character that repeatedly shows up in PHO threads in weaverdice campaigns that just RPs a tanuki
Every. Single. Time.
 potatoinmyanus
also was awildsketchappears and shittywatercolours
shittywatercolors actually went mainstream and got a photo in the DNC HQ
because he drew a shitty watercolor of obama
Hypothetical question
hypothetically speaking if I were to live in massechusettes and have just hypothetically witnessed my university food court dumping literal gallons of lard down the drain system, would this be a hypothetical OSHA/Healthcode/EPA violation?
And who would I hypothetically report this too.
dumped it in the sink
and it was literally in the bistro thing
This is the ~~Future~~
Elara, how long until all brits make these things?
See video I linked above
The briefcase fireplace
for when you need to heat up your tea on the go or have a nice relaxing fire
wasn't me for once
was one of your british peoples
this guy generally ""Invents"" things that are either insane, several dozen safety violations, or impractical as hell
RIP Battlefield 2142
the revive project got C & D'd by EA
despite literally being abandonware
The problem was the client and gameart were included
One handed weapons/two handed weapons?
or weaponmaster or armsmaster?
AAAAA
For all its flaws, you gotta admit the homestuck concept of making chatbots that are capable of passing the turing test in only one hilariously niche and useless manner is amusing
The Earth-1 Dirk made chatbots that were sapient but only in regard to talking about puppet ass
it was mentioned when dave was ranting about how his brothers website was significantly more popular
I'm getting excited with what I've been seeing in this games trailers 
Confuses me if they've been swapping up the story or just making a ton of random PoV story lines
and I have no idea on that
They're making a pretty in depth thing
especially since child abuse scenarios are one of those things Asimov laws really don't work for
seeing that there IS no way to prevent human harm in those scenarios
there is no reliably minimizing harm
especially since removing the child fromt he household is a whole other MAJOR can of fucked up worms
didn't they just result in a smarter skynet?
At the end humanity and almost every facet of human life had been subverted by the AIs at the top
thats not what I meant
they weren't killing people, sure
but they were subverting every damn part of human culture and life
I DID
OH LAWD OH JESUS MOTHAFUCKIN BOOTLEG FIREWORKS
Yes, which basically is skynet addicting humanity to it instead of killing it
oh you want to do things your own way, fuck you we're sabotaging your place of work
but its okay because you'll get a job anyway in a shitty middle management role instead of any actual influence
it did
Thats the point
there is no choice anymore
they
they've put themself in such a position that we are domesticated animals in a gilded cage
there is no free will
and free will is an implicit part of human psyche
Humans need several basic things to thrive.  We need our basic needs, we need emotional stimuli, and we need self determination or the perception of self determination
the idea of any entity removing our ability of self determination is inherintly horrifying
Well, thats a helluva good morning
RIP that dude
I've realized the horrible truth people
Homestuck was created by the guy who created jurassic park!
He couldn't figure out exactly how the universe work so he substituted it with frog DNA!
it all makes sense!
That was kind of rude
Lets be honest, half the people in this chat are a nuisance in some form or another
also my insane theory-mongering leads to interesting things
well, true, nobody admits it
its much like an STD, its still there even if nobody acknowledges you have it
I want a sold out worm movie franchise that tanks so hard it turns people off of the series forever, so people can feel the pain I felt when several other good book series did this to me
oh right, I, robot
same here
fucking reinforcement drops
stop dropping fucking mechs on my head'
its about outrunning your friend tryng to outrun the boulder
if your friend gets caught by the boulder before you do the boulder will be too busy mauling them to maul you
high fructose corn syrup and dissapointment
Hah, you still think its sugar Doc Mod
thats cute
nah, you'd break your teeth on that
It wasn't a hoax
it actually happened
exactly once
and I'm pretty sure it was not a random person
I cant go out this year
I suspect I'm gonna have to take medical leave this semester too
I just can't get work done anymore
either I'm starving and unable to work, or I'm drained and in pain and unable to work
Hypothetical question
would dropping a 60 foot tall wooden cross on a vampire count as staking it through the heart?
We're talking pulverizing the entire vampire into paste
and you don't half ass these things
with what is effectively a cross the size of a large tree
but yes, also apparently a whole bunch of emulated DS games found on his computer
so who knows, maybe Osama was colluding with Nintendo to destroy western society too
1995 or 2012
okay
you answered correctly
Has the aliens franchise gone too far?  
Also Ereus, what'd you think about THE LAW
Europe confuses me
why would you pay this much for old scotch
morning wildabeast
uhh
so I was playing XCOM 2 and I am rescuing rebel contacts
I froze an advent pod and like 3 civilians in the action and those civilians haven't unfrozen yet
I'm starting to be worried for them
being in ice that long can't be healthy and they must be starting to asphyxiate by this point
its been like 10 minutes
should I prod them with a stick or something?
the ones hit by the knockout gas grenade didnt get up either
Ah, just bought a replacement charger from the famous and reliable company Cloudwind
because nothing says quality like a name that sounds almost certainly like a mistranslation into english
I do enjoy that in the reinhart short reinhart plays like every other goddamn reinhart
even reinhart is a shit reinhart
hey, my roommate had a very odd question
anyone know if WB is a fan of chrono trigger?
Pro tips folks, dont buy chinese knockoff hardware
sure the discounts nice but shit barely works
hey, anyone got any good okra recipes?
gumbo is probably what I'll go with
was thinking of using chorizo and ham
heh
What about space godzilla?
which was literally just godzilla with weird ass sizing and a bunch of lol crystals and lol energy redirection bullshit...
oddly, much like behemoth
its from when the directors of the Godzilla franchise all did WAY too much cocaine
Legend can almost certainly do red light lasers
in fact I'd hazard a guess he DEFINITELY could do so
so assuming legend knows supermans weakness its an immediate no sell
isn't legend faster than superman?
or at least faster without creating catastrophic environmental damage?
Also legend routinely travels supersonic and doesn't deafen everything along his path
he is based in New York, if his power isn't doing that he'd be causing a shit ton of damage
The matrix always was kind of eh with going as far as it could've
towards the end buildings and setpieces themselves shouldn't have mattered
especially seeing theres no reason you couldn't call equipment or things not controlled by sapients (we see animals in the matrix I think, no reason you couldn't spawn a horde of rabid cats or weasels if you're already breaking everything)
@TheShadow, she didnt function on biology really any more
she needed to breathe but even that was less than the average person
theoretically she doesnt age either
pretty sure the only part of her brain that mattered was the part regulating her powers
""regulating"" sorry
Walk into the factory in taiwan and demand to see there manager
get detained because how the fuck did you cross multiple oceans with no notice in under 2 bussiness days
Christ Narcos is a brutal show
I enjoy that people spam reported a livestreamer for being on stream with his girlfriend who was banned from twitch for self harm for getting back together with her
(girlfriend didnt self harm, she did something else I think)
Dude, if you aren't being told to kill yourself or rush b with a p90 you are doing it wrong
Holy shit
How the hell did the new Call of Duty game get 9/10 reviews and 80%s
from what I'm repeatedly hearing its hot garbage
and it doesn't even let you properly mock people who buy loot boxes despite having emotes
that was what was nice in dark souls
you had all the emotes you ever needed to mock people
anyone know how to set up those cards against parahumanity things?
My fondest memories of the call of duty franchise were some of those bigger maps where you could get a 20 v 20 and get in a whole line slogfest
or that goddamn middle eastern street map where you'd get the sniper death alley and then the flankers and the skirmishers
I'm still pissed they killed off your WaW character in Black Ops
there was so much fucking potential
Titanfall 2 was a bit fucked from the whole titanfall 1 dissapointment
and it was released next to another major game I forget
which fucked it over a bit
@dragonshardz, same
wasn't that other PS4 exclusive similar?
whatsitclaled that released next to Legend of Zelda BOTW?
yeah
chariot comes to mind
you could similarly have a whole bunch of scenanagins such as phasing tinkers or even a tinker that could just generate hard light platforms
alternatively could be a tinker with a mover power that directly provides the ""tinker part""
yes, there are a few
@keyonte0, the biggest would be whatshisname from Chicago
Tecton
he could fuck with faultlines even without his tinkertech
always had an idea for a tinker whose power was to make things they touched not degrade, before rapidly degrading
so that you could get a ratchet tinker who just made shoddy A F things like zip guns or even god forbid zip lasers and things just kind of catch fire without him directly handling them
Does dragon qualify as a 2nd generation cape?
watching some get over it streamers and they are overlooking what appear to be a LOT of secrets
I cant get the game yet to check it but I'm fairly confident its riddled with sekrets
theres an obvious one with two seemingly useless set pieces
Are you also DOlyn?
or is dolcaer and dolyn two different people who must fight to the death?
wait, what about Croatia?
I knew Croatia was DLC!
:(
That annoys me, I don't like the way they flip flop on suit integrity
in the first movie he tanked a goddamn literal sabot round
which PROBABLY should've killed him even with the suit
theres no way the whiplash of being struck by that and being suddenly violently slammed into the ground doesn't causes massive internal injury
Well I just got an ~~Interesting~~ chinese fortune cookie fortune
"You are in the vicinity of a good time.  Get in the shy to join in."
That was verbatim from the cookie thing
I'm as confused as you
Goddamn it pewdiepie! 
welp, #politics favorte subject happened again
So guys, has anyone noticed the strong marxist tendencies in worm?
You've got the whole thing of fraternity over establishment, down with the corrupt corporations that are literally profiteering powers, you've go tthe whole taylor stalin comparion, and I overthought this way too much
no, but I haven't eaten and can't eat today
so I'm starving to death slowly
And now to drink a gallon of watered down laxatives
pray for my fucking soul
Should I be concerned that my lab work shows I have a high amount of some medical abbreviation apparently indictive of organ damage?
Oh god kill me
kill me right fucking now
So wait, are phones actually one of the dirtiest things in a hotel room
doesn't the radiation they put off make them safe?
oh god my body still sucks
and all they fucking diagnosed is goddamn IBS
thats the autism spectrum disorder diagnosis of the GI world
its absolutely useless to dealing with the situation
So I'm getting this second hand since I have no memory of any of it
but apparently I got back to my dorm at 3 pm stoned out of my mind
slept for 3 hours, and woke up and started going on about how I needed to even out my anal karma or the chakras in my ass or something
I have no idea what I was talking about or where I was going with it, but I can kind of see where past drugged out me was coming from
this was after an operation mind you
Once again, this was what I said while high off my ass on fentanyl
I have no idea why I was going off about it
just that I was
wELP
Welp*
I forgot ADVENT scouts are literally neo from the matrix
my entire squad missed multiple rounds of 40-60% shots on the dude before he blammed my sniper
So, in honor of ward I've decided to come up with as many insane and flagrantly incorrect analyses of WB allusions in worm
Such as the Allusion to Khepri vs scion as a comparison to the struggles of communism vs capitalism
Contessa drives around in a busted up Chevy Impala and takes down broken triggers
FUcking twitch tv
Theres no reason it should have the drama it did yet a livestreamer performing a sexual act on stream for donation just only copped a 24 hour ban, while a livestreamer insulting cam girls got a week ban
the hard part of killing GU is not knowing which powers she has
unlike with eidolin shes not reactive
you shoot eidolin in the shoulder he'll pull a brute power.  You shoot GU she'd need to actually pull a regenerator from her piles
he can pick something most suited, and that bits automated
he can choose a power for x purpose and get y power
glastig has to manually sort that
too bad shes sane now
her power really pairs well with a disregard for human life
hate to say it, but cauldron definitely saved more people than it killed
although it did kill a lot of people
total societal collapse would've killed more
contessas definitely fucked in W2, her best benefit was being low profile
and her powers as inefficient as scions with less energy reserve
Gray boy wouldnt die from khonsu
but he would probably go insa..errr... insaner
grey boy could end up like alabaster in that one fic
where he gets trapped under rubble underwater forever
even if he lives he'd be catatonic
human mind can only take so much agony
under a crushed building underwater?
we're talking leviathan
he may not realize what has happened or may not have anywhere to loop himself too
@Brut, that one supcom fic that actually finished
I'm fucking tired
I got 3 weeks left of college, 3 weeks fo additional work I'm behind
I can barely eat, can't function, and the meds I'm on just shuffle my problems
and the best I can get for a diagnosis is fucking IBS, the autism spectrum disorder diagnosis of the GI medical world
I just want to fucking rest and now have to deal with this shit
Not even depressive tired, just tired of this shit tired
like when you've sat through your friend and his fiance bickering for a few hours
FUCKING SHITE
Hospital lost one of the goddamn test samples on top of everything
fuck this shit
Just... I fucking give up
I don't care if he has a goddamn mental break over it, I've gotta take medical leave at this point.
Spoiler: Jon Snow is the protagonist of the new series
of the new sequel*
WB was George R R Martin all along
So, when are we going to add loot boxes to weaverdice?
for a limited time purchase a container and get three commons, an uncommon, and an uncommon-rare
if you get lucky you can roll a cauldron vial'
That was a fan fic
and yes, almost everyone who worked for cauldron is dead or legend
hes karma houdini
he almost certainly lived
I got that WB was fairly concerned about another Eragon incident
and nobody wants another eragon incident
but don't you want to see grue played by Jayden Smith and Taylor played by J Law?
and then half the school stuff gets mentioned in the flashback and never again?
and shadow stalker gets killed in the major ending scene or taken down?
and taylors just a cat women spandex wearing anti-hero?
they could do it with that actress from under the dome who had the forehead the size of texas?
plz no sealeroni
Hey!  There is nothing wrong with neat orderly crystals!
I'd get baked with gandalf
dudes a bro
There is a dog staring into my soul
halp
I don't have a dog in college
it wants my food
I killed myself multiple times and then took my own name until I myself was murdered
does that count?
Oh boy
EA actually did the AMA
the poor bastards
I really need to write up a document dump for a PRT papershed
COndolences for Line of Duty deaths of PRT agents
line of duty deaths for several flavors of generic classified death (cape death), incident report press release generics
and also your good ole Arrest Warrants and cape incident reports (differ due to increased weirdness classifications)
Guys
why does E.Ts finger glow?
Is E.T.s species some kind of firefly varient where they pulse there bioluminescent lights to find a mate?
or is it for some other purpose
I don't understand
 but why just the one finger?
I mean, drugs and cookies are only a matter of opinion on the difference
chocolate and sugar ARE addictive substances, after all
You know, I thought this dude was one of those cool remote hiker guys, but reading up on what hes done, all I can say is what the fuck
dude hiked out to seek out a tribe that tortured him last time he went to them
sure it was for an induction ceremony he probably voluntarily took part in, but still, who does that!?  This is ignoring the fact that he ATE HIS OWN DAMN DOG
I just don't understand why you would bring your dog on something that dangerous or choose to eat it to survive
dogs are like family to most people, if your life depended on it you still wouldn't eat your siblings or nephews
This is one of Elon Musks weaker pitches
which is almost a shame seeing this is a more viable pitch than the original TESLA concept to begin with
it makes logististical sense and most truck shipments are under 400 miles anyway
plus with how viable solar is and how you already cover your ass and get tax breaks in many states, you really could logistically straighten things out
hmm, sounds like TESLA did stupid shit when it comes to the model 3
didn't bother actually testing the production line process before beginning production and had serious delays
reading up it seems to be a metalurgical welding issue, steel chassis vs aluminum, but it is possible that the issue could be wider spread than that, although who knows.
Regardless, if his truck concept is as it is on paper than I suspect it'll be a hit
even if it IS inferior to diesel trucks the fact that it has the logistical advantage it does makes a large amount of conventional trucking viable
yeah
its the floor panel of the truck apparently
which means if it catches fire people might die
I know they've got some very advanced power management systems
and well usually those are based in a wall panel sized thing, with a truck theoretically they may have space for a similar varient
trucks get a lot of space to muck about with, especially since you get to rip the gas tanks and combustion motor
and thats the majority of your average truck, isn't it?
Welp, completely late to the actually signing up for courses party
at least I got the two non-relavent to my major courses
Boomalopes can be milked for chemfuel
O_O
Rimworld
Rimworld is a sci fi game that is commonly referred to as Dwarf Fortress Lite
and its officially in beta now, this was an added feature
you can take those animals that explode if you kill them, tame them and put them in the middle of your colonies with all your other valuable livestock, and then milk them for chemfuel
this can't end poorly
I'm not sure which annoyed me more last night
the people who were having sex in our goddamn common area of our dorm
or the fact that they thought they were being subtle and that I didn't notice
seriously, you literally have a goddamn room
use it
Yo
Had he done it twice it WOULD have destroyed all of India
or had he done it at a time that Taylor didn't tell him to
Oh fuck
Charles Manson is dead
Welp
I mixed up Charles mansen and marilyn mansen and now people are laughing at me
please don't tell thal
or vereor
THAT PINGS YOU!?
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
next you're going to tell me bow saw that and will mock me for it forever
hes afk right?
Fuck
I was confused of the one article that said that 2017 finally got it right
Thats my favorite crack ship
You sweet summer child
Absolutely haram
I half suspect they tolerate my antics purely because I manage to do dumb shit that nobody else would possibly fuck up
Where were you when you did that jump?
sounds like a tropical island kind of mistake
I hear that place is the bomb
even worse
he has glass bones and paper skin
every morning he breaks his legs, and every afternoon he breaks his arms
at night he lies in agony until he cries himself to sleep
Yes
shamrock was a shaker I think
@Logos01, its B18
he botched the name on the video
hell, minecrafts next DLC is literally adding features that were already in the major mod packs for years into the game
and is just them literally stealing concepts because modders don't have rights to IP unless they make something actually storyish
The thing is that rimworld was fun over 12 patches ago
anything since then is just a bonus
what I want is improved slave trading
wait...that sounded wrong
Also slightly dissapointed with the selection of alien weaponry or unique gear but they are working on it
would be nice to get some kind of awesome risk/reward stuff
like that those medical nanites have a chance to turn you into a cyber horror or something
or if the batteries have a chance to start causing mutations a la roadside picnic or irradiate you
the alien battery thing
they introduced alien tech artifacts you can find
many of which are extremely useful and extremely hard to get
yah
Hah!
wait, oh shit things area ctualoy going on here
nvm
sorry for interrupting
Okay, now that they've transferred over to #relationships I can say the inane bullshit I was going to put here before finding an actual conversation ongoing of significance
appologies for that
I mean, its not entirely inane
I had an incident in my dorm over the weekend because people apparently decided the common area was as good a place as any to have a sexual liason at
2:30 am
but its literally a corner portion of the building, you cant navigate from one part of the building to the other without walking through it
its not even vaguely resembling a private place
Apparently after I walked into there, got a glimpse of them and then immediately turned around they decided to go back to bussiness and the RA walked in on them
the RA is apparently not amused and by extension the school is very much not amused
I just dont understand how you get that first close call and decide "welp, that wont happen again"
presumably alcohol
I still have the awful idea of bonesaw getting laughed out of the room in twig
Hey, she made a continent killing bioplague that drives people insane and turns them into rage zombies... Thats great, now take a seat and shut up.
who?
You know, I was talking with a few military vets at a shooting range about what they use as hearing protection
the general answers I got were a mix of "Nothing", "Temporary hearing loss", and "you get used to it"
this horrifies me quite a bit
don't tankers get actual built in communications systems though?
Serbia?
right
anyway yeah
ear protection in the infantry is a chronically underprovided and underutilized thing
and its part of why we have such an obscene deafness rate among returning vets.  Almost all the vietnam folk are deaf now
yeah, the way most hearing protection works it gets the louder stuff exponentially more effectively than it gets the quieter stuff
or higher pitched I guess
theres a technical reason and I really should know it since acoustics are directly relavent to half my interests
>not obsessively installing a keylogger on WBs computer with the explicit purpose of detecting when he uploads new chapters in real time like a Real Fan
yes, but that'd be being a filthy pleb
have any of you thought of the horrifying things that would have happened if the siberian was T H I C C?
not going to go where I was going to go with my response
For the collective sanity of this chat channel and my current ban status I will avoid going there
because y'all don't need that mental trauma
I've already seen too much
too much dark souls and memes
volvo plz
Isn't this roughly in the odd sphere of stuff Iran has been known to oddly crack down on?
wait wrong chat sorry
I really need to not have over a dozen channels open across two IRC networks
gotta have at least four keyboards for maximum hacking
heyo
Congratz to whoever that is referring to
Be careful with the code black magic
if you go too eldrich code you can drive people insane
Any idea what is interacting with what?  Even if you don't know how?
thats a biology trick, to identify where interactions are occurring even if you don't recognize how it does that
@chrono, try coding for space station 13 (I'm going to link this to some people and see if it drives them insane, thanks)
Right y'all had the Canada teacher strike
some of this goes into #politics so I'm going to avoid my comment there
Heyo
God The Happening is hot garbage
it comes off as a comedy at times which I thought was part of the point
but it turns out that, no, it was just that bad of a horror film
Welp
I just watched a dude die IRL
that was great
and by great I mean absolutely traumatizing jesus fuck
I'm fine, some guy wrapped his car around a tree
they had to tear off the side door with hydraulics to open it
they called it on site
when they're putting a sheet on the dude on site and the ambulance is loitering around, you know its pretty bad
thats some families thanksgiving ruined
guy must have been speeding like shit to do what he did in that wreck
no, only saw them putting the sheet over the dude
and multiple responders hauling ass and closing the road
and the wreck in general
Anime was a mistake
On the contrary
you haven't gone far enough
build a soylent facility
you can just put human meat in the nutrient paste dispenser
and nutrient paste is basically soylent green
reall?
really?
oh
OH
so thats why the back of those jail cells were paste dispensers for that guy who showed me that design
or posted that design*
also you can feed them there comrades for further ethics procedure
and not need to worry when your wardens get critically wounded that you'll lose prisoners
Holy cow
Monaco is 90% off atm
$1.49 for it
watch the trailer
ah
Dwarf Fortress Patch 0.44 just released
you can now send out death...err... raid squads out in the world map on away missions
she probably cant phase other people?
that wouldn't go well for anybody
she'd have to go solid for that and phase her hand into your body and destroy her hand
and those dont grow back
9/10 doctors don't recommend merging your hand with another persons heart
at best you lose the hand, at worst you die of shock and blood poisoning
and/or from your heart getting a chunk of bone in it and exploding
Suffer a psychotic break from looking at its innards and discovering they are made out of plotonium?
a psychoticer breakier?
what do you call it when someone goes from already psychotic and broken to more psychotic and broken?
wait... For some reason I thought this was an old user
sorry pizza, I thought you were pizzatiger from a completely different chat server
who is a regular but not here
yeah, hes a different guy and I'm in 2 different unrelated IRC servers
5 technically if you count the discord stuff
Welp
Either a methane deposit burst in a region not known to have methane, an abnormal volcanic event occurred in a non-volcanic area, or the submarine accidentally a chernobyl
but yeah, submarine disasters tend to go one of two ways, this is sadly the latter.
non-nuclear is just referring to the nature of the sound anomaly
nuclear blasts are distinct due to how they intensify
different mechanism for going boom than a conventional fuel bomb or explosive load
sorry, my bad
but yeah, poor submariners
would be one helluva trigger event
Also you can indeed now make your dwarves become necromancers after raiding a necromancers tower and taking his books
dwarf fortress had an update
yes
yep.  People are still investigating what the long term consequences of having actual non-sabotuer necromancers in your fort does
We can now Helter Skelter the elves!
Animal entries were simplified and made actually sane too, so you can easily mod new ones now
someone actually showed an example in the 4chan thread, its quite elegant
kobolds are a skulking animal, I think it describes behavior of the entity or its class?
and also they can always be made into a pet and they can lay siege to forts
but they can't be used as a pack animal because they are kobolds
its meant to be easy to mod in new classes of animal
also ty put rimworld in beta so the casuals can play along with that too
too many casuals
Also kobold caves are apparently literally vietkong tunnels now
uhhhh, wow we can do some war crimes in this game
Everyone told me I was racist for considering Belgium to be a country of mostly chocolate and waffles. But I was right!
The one thing I've been bringing up actually is that there are a lot of very resource cheap and rapid methods of fabricating apartments
and they'll stay sturdy too, most of that stuff theoretically will work indefinitely under the right circumstances
its just that the people who pay for apartments to be rapidly built or for that kind of building tend to muck with the floor plan too
and fake walls are awful
The Simurgh is a late-stage asimov AI
are we using that?
Does fan death work in worm?
I just have this idea for playing a really shitty supervillain whose elaborate death traps don't work
Some dude got a 6 MILLION dollar donation on twitch today
as stated, 99.0% chance its a troll
but .1% chance hes rich
ouch
good morning
some new glorious !!FEATURES!! in the newest patch of DF
what spacing?
nah, dwarf fortress just likes to space like that for some reason
especially since these are prodecurally generated things, so its got a lot of places for things to get shoved inbetween these
you'd have to ask the frog himself why he did it
some things just can't be justified?
actually impressive animation here
O_O
!!FEATURE!! in the new patch, you can send dwarves to inquire and possibly recover slabs
these things are supposed to be nigh impossible to recover for a myriad of reasons
not the least of which being its pure admantium
Urgh
All the racists are out in force over the Malia Obama thing
what the fuck internet
theres unironical quadruple parenthesis in the comments
Theres no politics aspect, its teenage dating drama
the only significance is that its Obamas daughter, which isn't politics
racism?
I didn't know that was a valid political view
wait
when did you become a mod!?
I thought you were a rebel thalia!
heh, springer spaniels are very expressive with there barking
do you worship the honkmother?
Its a thing in Space Station 13
The patron saint of pranksters and performers
particularly clowns and mimes
and occasionally the lost and wayward cluwnes
Taylor never died
she will live forever
just like my pet dog
~~Acting~~
urgh
been sitting around for 3 hours doing nothing at this thing
and the day started out so exciting too
hazards of being a sound assistant at a play I guess
yeah, first 3 hours were setup, now the people in charge don't even need coffee anymore
and I can't do my big project until after the play ends (spoilers: Its sorting cables by length)
kingsglaive?
I imagine this is a regular occurance in worm
back
how goes it folks
Heh
hey doc
urgh
evening folks
my body seems to be rejecting me and all of yesterdays alcohol
The Wagon tried to ford the lava lake
it did not go well
that black is smoke
the wagon caught fire from going through lava
because lava is hot
and wagons are flammable
but yeah, I didn't think I was completely hammered in THIS irc
sorry about that...
yeaaaaaaah, sorry about that
I apparently was facebook messaging my family and friends incoherent shit the whole night too
seeing as I was rolling on the floor laughing as my roommate berated me for being a drunken moron and was mocking me, and this is all just guess work, but I THINK I was under the impression everything was hilarious?
I think I just thought everything was funny at that point
Probably
I'd make an ass of myself slightly less
afternoon bow
I never got what the deal with the whole fiat with the justification for no psychics or telepaths was
was it just supposed to justify a clear artificial limitation?
by actual in universe groups
Internet Addiction is a weird subject
a lot of the time its misclassified other mental illnesses
Didn't someone die at that school?
pretty sure I recall them beating a kid and him dying
A lot of it is generic addictive personality disorder
or just piss poor parenting
a lot of the rest of it is actual mental illness or behavioral disorders from said poor parenting
I still loved Asbestos and Asworstos
wait fuck wrong chat
I always like to imagine an endbringer emerging in Camden, taking a look around, and then leaving
So an upate: Seems like the bot was programmed by an idiot
its hit all sorts of random ass IRC servers
according to the freenode admin the bot is just portscanning for servers to join and then spamming them
its a random bot that seemingly was programmed to hit any and every server it had access to with that spam
one guy I'm talking to is from brad-x?
yeah, guy seems annoyed about it and can't do anything, good news is that nobodies actually angry at the admins
and nobody actually buys the whole "Freenode is nazi sympathizers" thing
We really need to have an IRC channel convention at some point
I'm curious the kind of dudes you find on other nets
I mean synIRC folk are fun and freenode were a bit condescending last time I interacted with them, but that was years ago and I was a shithead when I was on freenode
or WB
and we're not bothering WB with this
its objectively not worth his time
ah
RIP
dont
its almost certainly a minecraft edgelords project to piss every server off and flood freenode
that bot quite possibly hit EVERY IRC server
or will hit every IRC server
because freenode has the biggest Minecraft IRC Channel of any of them
and there are a lot of script kiddies and edgelords in minecraft
they have to be pissed at freenode for something?
and minecraft is one of the bigger groups on freenode
really?
Fuck it must've died in the past 10 years
err... 7 years
hacknet?
as opposed to nethack?
its long gone
WB is a tinker
we're all his bots
except for that one weirdo who didnt get the memo yet
What kind of dog is this?
So question
if grue was using his power indoors, and put food in the microwave at the same time...
would the food ever be heated up?
is microwave radiation directed enough to actually bypass that though?
ambient air temp would still be in the cloud
its just you wouldn't get additional heating from sunlight, but unless they idled in place for excessive times you wouldn't see a notable drop other than feeling like you were in shade
and brockton bay wasn't exactly dubai
They weren't short, and they didn't usually live underground
they just lived hundreds of years ago and volcano eruptions happened
so things got buried
them dying like a bitch because they tried to ascend to godhood?
hey, odd question
could you theoretically smelt iron out of blood?
like if you had enough blood?
so wait why not?
hypothetically saying you had like a swimming pool of blood could you make a metal bar?
or like a bunch of wine casks?
pretty sure you'd be making pig iron with pigs blood
or any blood actually
that sounds totally viable from dwarf fortress
alternatively you can type /list and it will create a pop up listing server channels
and then you just click whatever
Photon mom
or lady photon*
she was the standard flying brick of forcefields + lasers and flying
ah
flying hampster ball?
nah thats not catchy
gotta be even more intimidaitng with aegis because you see him get shot and take bullets and just immediately walk it off
thats almost more intimidating than simply shrugging the bullet off to begin with
also I still call bullshit on superman taking a bullet to the eye and not flinching
you don't get hit in the eye and not flinch, even if you're invulnerable
I figured the telepathy thing was just a misdirect also
its canon that telepathy doesn't exist as a power
and there were mentioned studies that said it just physically wasn't possible to have the hardware to be a telepath without having an obscene amount of processing power even by relativistic standards
Yeah, but I always assumed it was an intentional redirect so people wouldn't assume it was an artificial restriction
but rather a physical impediment
much like how you can't jump off a building because the government wont let you but you can't jump onto a building because physics wont let you
ones an artificial restriction that a small portion of people bitch about, and the other is gravity being gravity
people don't question why gravity has to be gravity
isn't it reckless endangerment?
you can't parkour legally I thought
its always tresspassing or public nuisance or whatever
they still require jumping off a building to initiate them
plus the empire state building has bars
Uhhh
guys
Ryan Reynolds is playing Pikachu in a pokemon movie...
I'm scared
Every fucking time I mix up EEG and EKG
EKG is heartbeat
EEG is brain activity
EKG monitors your heart activity and detects heart arrythmia
EEG is how you detect seizure and sleep disorders as well as some mental illnesses
schizophrenia shows up odd I think
autism and ADHD less so
So apparently it IS hypothetically possible to create blood iron
it'd take a dumb amount of steps and catches to burn off all the other chemicals and not loose too much iron oxide with the carbon ash
but you COULD do it with sufficient blood
you'd be making pig iron though
or low grade cast iron
roughly 300 people worth of blood for a swords worth of iron, compensating for inefficiency
thats optimistic
chances are you'd need a LOT of people, closer to 600 seeing how much iron would be unretrievable due to being in the liver
unless we're going to mash the liver into the dried blood cakes you'd need to make to properly get it
and then you've got a shit ton of additional toxins in the gasses
and likely need to compensate because liver iron and hemoglobin are different chemicals
all in all its probably easier just to get iron from stone
as opposed to making soylent iron
how will that help me get iron?
ah
It makes WB sad
or #fanfic
brb 5
urgh kill me
I like my school cafeteria, I really do, but goddamn do they make dumb food decisions
like doing a red sauce dish and using zucchini to fill it out
the zucchini sucks up way too much moisture and not enough flavor in this dish setup
you gotta use a much denser sauce if you're going to use zucchini
or just grill the zucchini
So that death stranding trailer
its Hideo Kojima so its going to be fucky no matter what
but its Hideo Kojima so it'll probably be good regardless
Also we got to see Legend of Zelda: All my friends are still Dead
that DLC will probably be fun
I do like the interpretation of destruction and development
that each of those explosions were vital to progressing everything
also whatever the entities are are terrifying enough that suicide is preferable to being captured
which means we're talking minimum alien tier horror
Or what happens when [Spoilers] finally [Redacted] to that [Ward Content] [Censored]
Always wanted a worm scp crossover the other way
everyone always does the dumbest worm SCP crossovers
its annoying
granted seeing thats the case with 70% of concepts I see
I'll bitch about it in #fanfic
both the triggers I had were stupidity triggers
Gotta right the pill trigger too actually, brb
hey, I need a good random horrific side effect for this trigger
like a medication side effect
something that would be awful enough for them to cancel a drug trial
thats a weird side effect
jurassic world sequels hot garbage also
first one was at least just regular garbage
like after christmas garbage
this ones like hot spoiled milk garbage
So is monster hunter one of those games where the quality of your game and the jankyness of it purely depend on your class and ability to play the game
and the skill ceiling is however high you can make it?
that sounds like a joke bonesaw would make
after turning someone into a clock horror
Do you think that THE LAW counts as a weapon for miss militia?
awwwww
It was inevitable.
My god... what abomination is the Burlington CheeseCoat factory?
In serious news, it sounds like they found a cure to huntingtons disease
or at least an actual treatment for the symptoms that works
 Might not be a full cure per say but it at least actually stops the symptoms
and counteracts the toxins that cause it
one day, if anti is generous, we will all be able to embrace the ommisiah and remove ourself from our weak pitiful flesh
They split star citizen into two games
star citizen and star soldier, and they were only licenced for one game
counts as breach of contract, even if they didnt intend to
it seems to be negligence on the developers part
cyka blyat so much work I believe
stalin guide me through these finals
(currently binge working to 
why is there 2 minutes of dead sound at the end of this?
oh right nevermind I know why
because a 2 minute clip wouldnt make them money
its finals
(Stranger things spoilers) heh 
Wow, facebook algorithms are awesome
they've gotten smart enough to assume I'm reporting a friend of a friend for either a stolen account or that they're possibly suicidal again
really accurate algorithms
Good news!
the loud banging outside my dorm was merely illegal fireworks
we did not, in fact, just have another near-campus shooting
So... I just got a bunch of star wars XIII spoilers and...
what the fuck
who thought any of this was a good idea
why u do dis disney
on that its a dissapointment?
The fact I personally consider what I saw to be dissapointing and stupid doesnt count as a spoiler
Im dead inside
 ...
you've probably purged the past two years from your memory
you lucky, lucky man
check the fan reviews versus the critic reviews @Forricide
the critics have glowing reviews because its star wars, they always do
thats the critic reviews
audience score is 56%
audience score is more accurate
you know, it must suck to be tattletale after a major movie comes out
her power would extrapolate it all
>Implying coil didnt go to movies in alternate timelines and invite everybody
Didnt the guy who invented ketchup and the machine that measures blood cell counts die the other day?
or like yesterday?
only ~25 more hours til I can finally go home
back from this hell to a state with proper taste in sports teams, driving, and toasted angled sandwich naming conventions
also on proper thincrust pizza
and loose lips sink ships
Why did I think doing an all nighter to finish some essays was a good idea!?
My existence is pain!
Existence is pain!
This is America vereor, I'll choke on whatever I damn well please wherever I damn well please whenever I damn well please
fair, actually had to whois look to figure that out
I always just assumed this was a server in WBs dusty basement
run by space-whale-squid-worm-gerbils
on some sort of really fucked up hampster hypersphere
fun fact: Routing to the Czech republic only gets you more snooped on
seeing that everything that crosses the trans-atlantic fiber optics cables gets intercepted by England
you need to vomit up cud and then digest it a second time?
I just assumed radical terrorism or espionage as the !!FUN!! choices
I still suspect I'm on NSA watchlists or spam lists for being part of the spamming key search phrases nonsensically or haphazardly shoving them into conversation
also RIP Jonghyun
2017 couldn
couldnt stop taking people from us*
Welcome to the worm cave
in hindsight that name doesn't sound appealing at all
worm cave
now the first rule about the irc club is we don't talk about the irc club
damn, was about to suggest that
and Homestuck already trademarked Pork Hollow
lets keep it rated PG in the IRC dedicated to a fandom about a girl stabbing multiple peoples eyes out
Don't you have to watch your words here?
unless you've got one of those fancy text to speech devices?
or are typing in braille or something
damn, IRC doesn't accept braille as a valid font
so much for a cheeky retort
💧︎♒︎♏︎ ⬧︎♏︎●︎●︎⬧︎ ⬧︎♏︎♋︎⬧︎♒︎♏︎●︎●︎⬧︎ ♌︎⍓︎ ⧫︎♒︎♏︎ ⬧︎♏︎♋︎⬧︎♒︎□︎❒︎♏︎
sort've????
I mean, it partially comes through but its mostly gibberish
even by wingding standards
I'll head out and stop making a bad example for here
got 3 hours to write 700 words for an essay
I have to resort to desperate measures
I'm breaking out the finnish death metal
I occasionally put my head in an open oven to work on my tan
I do it until I start to get drowsy from it
I think its a good system
I mostly idle here
just because I have it open in the background doesn't mean I'm always in an irc chat
also thanks to the powers of !!ADHD!! I'm flipping tabs and things usually
no I'm not, this is my autoresponder
RUDE
WOOT
DONE
FUCK THIS SEMESTER AND 2017 AS A WHOLE IM FUCKIN DONE BABY
This was avoidable if I didn't spend 4 weeks functionally useless due to a chronic illness I wasnt aware I had
I thought I was just lactose intolerant
It turns out I actually had actual undiagnosed GI issues.  That threw me off with everything
I lost a week due to my ADHD meds getting not sent out
I also procrastinated on top of that but I got shafted this semester also
They're a good way to identify red flags
and a good way to gauge common thought patterns of people
a lot of the rorsachs test stuff can more easily be done with either a questionaire or a two way polite discussion
ADHD and Schizophrenia both will have people who deviate wildly in what they're talking about
but with ADHD what they're talking about will be sane and reasonable.  They'll finish sentences and thoughts before swapping
with schizophrenia they'll swap half way through with no rhyme or reason
the trick is to justify how everything is sexual
all according to keika...errr...freud
Freud spoke at my university
but freuds whole thing was the conflict of the id, ego, and superego
the idea that your subconscious and your conscious were two different things that interacted to make you you
he was wrong about some of the details but that alone was a very interesting and relatively accurate belief, especially that you can consciously and subconsciously want different things, as well as that dreams have significance to your subconscious
"Who killed the dog"  "I did"
yeah, he was a bit wrong on what our subconscious was or how powerful it actually was.
it is a big thing, just not the way he thought it was.
Mostly it reflects our concerns, fears, and wants, even if we arent actively thinking of them
as well as analysis of threats and our own activities
there is definitely sexual things their, but its also not as sexual as freud thought it was
granted, Freud also was one of the first people to propose that maybe gay conversion therapy was not a good idea
and that it was neither a huge problem nor was it worth the effort to deal with when you'd just create larger alternate issues instead
a small loan of 2 million dollars
I mean, there are some hugely unethical studies
stanford prison trial
the elevator shock study thing
the shaking bridge study (was it?) was ethical
and you've got the induced fear study with that one baby although that ones of dubious value
that was subconsious though
Conformity and reprogramming studies were considered unethical because one of them made the unibomber
generally any study capable of making unibombers is a bad study
@keyonte0, you'd be suprised, you eat a lot of food in your lifetime as long as you don't die young
I wouldn't doubt you'll spend more than $2 million on food
@FaustAndAbout, just because data was collected doesn't make it a good study
little albert used a baby with hydrocephalus
so that study was quite possibly only correct by sheer coincidence
that you can condition children to experience fear
also the monkey trial was another example of a valid yet unethical study
it proved a point, but those monkeys didn't get properly reintigrated
This is fulvus's brain we're talking here
he probably didnt think of loopholes mid dream
don't forget the fun "Can you induce elephant Musth with way too damn much LSD"
I can assume he doesn't do complex logic puzzle creation in his dreams with all holes filled?
since thats not physically possible unless you're in inception
honestly with how you non-lucid plebs tend to work you don't have a choice in what you do in your dreams anyway
you're railroaded the entire way, with only the illusion of choice at the time
you're minds already made it up, you're just remembering it
meanwhile here I am realizing that theres no way I'd be in the same room with Trump and therefore this can't be real and therefore I can be stupid
and then I realize I've forgotten to dream clothes onto myself again
and the dream rapidly goes to shit
every fucking time
except then you forget how to dream yourself into clothing and its stuck in your head so you get detained for being naked on the job
granted I'm barely a lucid dreamer and only some of the time
its mostly the fact that my meds give me vivid dreams and I can sometimes work it the other small bit of the way to full on lucid
Comparative psych master race here
dogs have evolved to think like us and they want you to love them
so go and pet your pupper if you havent
Damn
I've been in formed that both RPG tubes are illegal in America and that even if they werent I still would not be able to put a bayonet on one
could you even put a bayonet onto an RPG without fucking it up?
but imagine a fucking RPG with a bayonet
it shoot, but it also stab, but more importantly, it explodes into shrapnel and kills everyone in the immediate vicinity of it
(Warning: Fucked story ahead) 
This doesn't sound like the correct series of events to me
As much as pitbulls have a reputation, they don't have one for random acts of aggression against their owners
they get defensive of them but never aggressive like this, if something happened then either the story of how these dogs were tempered or the series of events here was wrong
they say she was knocked down and lost consiousness before being mauled to death, I suspect whatever caused that black out was more serious and possibly a cardiac or neurological incident.  Some animals will eat a body of their owner after a certain point if they believe the owner is dead.  That might be what happened here.
yes, but they're saying the dogs mauled this person to death
I've done a good thing
I got a livestreamer to download and check out  Barkley, Shut Up and Jam: Gaiden
Yes
Also I enjoy the fanon of coil played by Morgan Freeman
bow to your future: 
that;s literally the matrix
Lmao someone from another channel said the same thing essentially
seems to be a common trend everywhere thats been linked
ahaha
WB is currently in first, second, fifth, and ninth place for top web fiction
Congratulations
Ward, Worm, Twig, and Pact respectively
all in all hes 1st, 3rd, 15th, and 16th (worm, twig, ward, pact)
and second is just some dudes translation of a chinese LN
so thats technically cheating
don't forget its hard proof libertarianism doesnt work
fair
My name is legion, for we are many
Goddamn it
are you new?
also hello
I've never seen the name before I swear!
It sounds like an italian delicacy
I'm of ukrainian heritage, we're practically born with hair on our legs
are you and elar sworn enemies?
and whoever the other brit in chat is whose name I forget
do you consider WB to be a cousin to you nationality speaking?
Or are canadians not real french people
nah, I forget where, but hes either newfoundland or BC, I forget which
damn
swing and a miss
Tabernac
Does creole uncanny valley speech you guys the way it does us?
where it sounds like something you should be able to understand but it isnt?
I mean any language thats a mix of two or more languages is going to be a mess.  Just look at yiddish, its a bastardization of German and Hebrew that apparently weirds out people who speak german
I can swear in Yiddish
he elaborates on that in his pigs pen blog
he did a lot of prior short stories that he folded into worm, part of why some random characters have more depth than they should for the time they get in the limelight
you can clearly tell that panacea and glory girl were characters he wrote far more for than say browbeat
(you can also tell that WB has read up on psych a bit but isn't all that into it)
dog psychology has been a major development over the past 15 years and he was using the outdated beliefs on it.  Something that someone who read up on it from a textbook or what have you would do but not someone who excitedly follows news updates or takes classes
animal psychology and comparative psychology are both fields
theoretically psychology applies to anything that can think and feel, although applying it to insects is dubious seeing they're basically just wet machines
Fun Fact: Dogs are actually less social and more aggressive than wolves, nobodies quite sure why on that yet
might have to do with how wolves are better at establishing hierarchies than dogs are
so in mutual activities where both animals had to pull a rope to access food, the dogs both give each other space as none of them want to risk conflict with the other dog over food (ironically thus depriving both of them), while wolves will just coordinate and then split the food
no clue, I'd need to look it up and I don't have time atm
I will get back to you on that
Woot, one month left til I lose my 15 point warning on spacebattles
I can then use autism as an insult again, ignore a staff directive, or get in a flame war with a dude without getting banned
I have so many good offensive comments ready to go
come on, its gonna happen one way or another, its like using the single fuck in a pg-13 movie
I got permabanned from the WoW forums in the off topic purge for starting an account mass suicide
where people just posted horrific shit to get permabanned in protest of the closing of the off topic forum
mostly it was ascii memes
...what
I got my campus unbanned from 4chan with the appeal "This is the IP of a cellphone towers 3g network you morons"
I was actually suprised that calling the admins morons in the appeal actually got acknowledged
well, looking at jobs atm
so many seasonal wildland firefighter jobs
which I would not be able to do without dying as a regular human being
and then hotshot wildland firefighters which is a whole other level of jesus christ this is death
Fun Fact: Hotshot firefighters are expected to parachute into remote areas and then survive off of rations and whatever else they can scrounge up
In Russia their standard kit consists of a rifle, a shovel head, an axe, their boots, a radio that sometimes works, and a knife
it is awesome, but its something like 21 days on 8 days off for normal wildland firefighting
and hotshot is prone to 30 days on
it is pretty awesome
its also responsible for something like 60-70% of LODDs in the fire department
the rest being regular ass LODDs from heart attacks or car accidents mostly
That pun was god awful enough that I'd vote yes
God, my throat feels like I took a summer job as Darth Vaders bridge crew
Getting sick sucks
this is what I get for living off of caffiene and immodium for 2 and a half weeks
Thanks
I'm too sleep deprived to remember seeing anything either
daily reminder the only real sword is a katana
folded over 1000 times
made of hatori hanzo steel
can cut through anything
and then you take these blades and attach them to the wings of your plane
and you become death, destroyer of worlds
oh god, when I move the angle of my body all the mucous in my head and chest shifts with it
it is incredibly unpleasant
please end my suffering
Fuuuuck
hypothetical question
hypothetically say I was coughing to the point of throwing up and unable to sleep due to the fact that if I am at any angle other than upright I am struggling to breathe
and that theres a hypothetical boatload of mucous involved in this
would you hypothetically say this is beginning to resemble pneumonia?
I'm just going to continue to self-diagnose it as ebola and go with that
even though at no point have I started bleeding from any orifice
its never lupus
I'm probably going to wait it out til tomorrow morning
just for simplicities sake
I wont die overnight, thats not how bronchitis works
or pneumonia
on a couch now
worst case I can always jump in front of someones cars
yeah, definitely headed to the doctor first thing when it opens
that'll be fun
pretty much everyone in the places I've asked has told me to see a doctor, with more than a few suggesting ER even though thats a bad idea
going to random backwater clinics is how you end up in a 2 year dispute over whether your 10 year old brother got breast enhancement surgery for his chin injury or not
eh, got 5 and a half hours left
40 minute drive
its winter, its vermont
its not a good idea at midnight
Yes, its an amazing place
especially for skiing in the winter
however, that same landscape means the majority of the state is either impassable or isolated
heh, looks like they were a bit lax on the ticket check
also jesus christ how do you screw up this badly
huh
still mistakes have clearly been made
also explains all the weird panicky ""unauthorized person found on an aircraft" stories that were being shared
yeah, thats much more reasonable in context
and also sounds less spooky than "unauthorized person" or "unauthorized individual"
technically speaking they could've landed him and ""deported"" him with the next plane although that might've formally put the guys name on record
that'd also be using rules that are archaic as hell now seeing they were intended for actual boat migrants
the human body is basically a blood water balloon with a few twigs stuck inside of it
Also as an update I spoke with a doctor this morning and got a Z pack and a 6 pack and those should fix me up
goddamn it
my ears are screwed up due to all the mucous so I'm just getting a near constant EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
wait, is rit Counting Crows?
CAW
which is the right channel for kebab shops?
Could always make a redirect like from glow worm to ward
maybe you could become a food critic
its a natural leap from superhero thriller web novels to food reviews
I'm hungry
...
You did not just say Kebabs were invented in Germany
Please tell me you didn't just say Kebab pitas are German
its always been a mediterranean thing
Turkey, Greece, Israel, Lebanon
all of them share very similar food culture
how has remove kebab become such an ubiquitous slur?
its not even offensive but its just so widespread for being a slur that, as far as I'm aware, quite literally comes from the serbia-kosavo genocide
I just don't understand the meme
50/50
Hah
Superhot Mind Control: The description for the ninja mind is "Needs healing"
fuck I forgot the video games channel is active now
looked back at some of the saved things from reddit I had and a war thunder cinematic now has me listening to Anna German
Shes got some really solid music, even if most of its been covered again seeing she is long dead
apparently a very popular name on the other side of the Iron Curtain back in the day
 is the song that was used in that cinematic
or a cover of it
No Jokes and no memes, I'm completely serious
something terrible has happened
If you haven't already you may have heard their was a plane crash in Costa Rica
I'm fine, my family is fine.  Thats where the good news ends.
An entire family from my town, a family that was VERY close friends with my family, was on the plane.
I'm genuinely at a loss for words
We gave them travel tips for that goddamn trip
places to see, things to do...
My brother whose best friend was on it saw the goddamn footage of the crash site
I don't know what the fuck to tell him
his friend was fucking 18.  What the hell do you say for something like that
we were going to throw a new years party tonight
everythings fucked
My mother and father are two states away
me and my brother drove home to throw a party
we heard about it 20 minutes before we arrived home
we were literally making jokes about my dad hitting another Owl to celebrate the new years and joking about nearly running over another deer ourselves
last time I heard my father that broken up was when our goddamn dog died
I'm signing off, I hope you all have a happy new years
HAPPY NEW YEAR
FUCK 2017
WobbleBobble
Has nickname bastardization gone too far?
huh, this resume asks about various skills one of which being money handling
do you think if I put down I'm jewish as a qualification for that specific field they will toss my resume out?
In all seriousness, I can't tell if this is asking if I can be trusted to handle money or if I'm experienced in actual finance work
because money handling is vague as hell
I've handled work with my internship with doing errand runs on the companies behalf
always came back with recipts and exact change
even would photograph the recipts on my phone and save em for 6 months just to be safe
I've heard horror stories, my ass is covered
when the revolution comes you're gonna be screwed thal
actually wait no, I think all of us will if the gas pumps themselves gain sapience
bitch please, the best theft deterrent is having a cheap shitty looking car
do you think batman gets invited to the hero christmas parties?
ah, good ole fashion infomercials, always gotta appreciate the problems they present
I...Thats actually a good question
made for senior citizens and the unemployable
that happens sometimes
its never good and it kills some of em
but iguanas are sturdy little lizards
and there arent THAT many hawks
they're technically invasive in a lot of places (there is dispute on this)
iguanas are actually a big sticking point in the conservation community
some argue they're like rats and are spead often by people, especially since they are known to feed on the (also arguably invasive) coconuts
on the other hand, with how far iguanas had spread already, it could be argued them arriving on these islands would be inevitable anyway.
Make em yourself or did you go out for them?
YES
ITS A MIRACLE
THE WORLDS MOST EXPENSIVE VODKA BOTTLE GOT RECOVERED
The worlds most expensive vodka bottle was stolen a month ago
apparently the people who stole it assumed it was the vodka itself that made the bottle so expensive or realized they couldn't pawn it or something and dumped the bottle itself at a construction site
$1,300,000+?
bottles made from gold and silver and the cap is diamond encrusted
The vodka itself is worth a good deal of money
and its getting refilled with it
I have no clue
it wasn't specified what the vodka in it actually was, all I know was the bottle was itself the majority of the cost
overwhelmingly so
It was stolen from the Vodka museum in Copenhagen
nope
I elected to not visit the iceland penis museum
was with my family and it'd be awkward going with my parents
granted we did check out the bazaar across the street and I only barely decided against buying dubiously legal whalebone
Thats a good question
sadly I did my research and apparently thats how you spend 6 months or more in the slammer
fucking Fascist UN and its no smuggling exotic protected animal part laws
how is a man supposed to thrive when I can't fill a suitcase with whale bones and lug it back to America
so are you saying I should discover the secrets to creating a large scale matter teleporter...
and use this skill to smuggle exotic animal parts...
human trafficking?
hey, what would YOU do with a teleporter to make money Aman?
@Cyrix, I haven't watched the last jedi yet because I worry it'll make me feel the uncontrollable urge to murder JJ Abrams with a claw hammer
I've heard far too many negative things and this movie has one of the biggest divides between critics and audience seemingly ever
yes
critic rating 90% approval with average 8.1/10 rating
audience score 5/10 star average
with overwhelming negative but generally giving partial stars as opposed to the 1/10-10/10 divide
who?
I thought that was JJ Abrams
Welp
brb gonna go murder Rian Johnson with a claw hammer
he made looper, that alones enough of a justification
What planet are you from where looper is a good movie?
I can't be friends with you people anymore
the plot is fucking nonsensical
the characters are bland and the antagonists are idiotic
if you can goddamn time travel people for murder you can fucking telefrag them
and that is why you fail
time travel murder is a pretty poor concept in and of its own right seeing the consequences inherit to goddamn reality
and that if you can time jump someone for murder you can sure as fuck kill them conventionally
fucking turn them into soylent green or some shit
wouldn't them dissapearing be enough of a red flag?
if things are tracked that heavily
That literally makes no sense
you dont throw someone from the future and remove them in the past in the process
Its a conservation of mass violation
thats it
because past bob can kill future bob and eat future bob and then create recursive cannibalism
hows that, you immediately die of toxicity because of recursive bioaccumulation
bioaccumulation is how you get mercury poisoning from tuna
so if you were to eat your future self the toxic buildup in there body would buildup in your body because the mercury or whatever would end up in your fat
so therefore as every recursive iteration occurs you get a slightly hire toxic buildup
because humans are pretty toxic
and since its a recursive loop that negligable difference becomes significant
no it hasnt
more importantly, say you have lead and mercury in your body
everyone does
if you eat that you get a little more lead and mercury in your body because humans are filthy and at the top of the food chain
yes.  Feedback loops are nasty.
and as a result you'd end up eventually hitting a mercury concentration that would render you a shambling mess of a human being
@Soadreqm, there is a looper short of making time loop porn
hell, theoretically the additional mass from time loop murder like that would ultimately cause an environmental catastrophe
because eventually you'd get a stupid amount of toxic buildup from all the dead bodies decaying into the soil and contaminating it over time
then thats a casuality violation
you had one at some point therefore you should have them at all loops
and if you've violated casuality like that then cause and effect are no longer interlocked
and we're all either going to die or go insane
except maybe our deaths and insanity are for completely different reasons since we have no idea what caused it
and maybe that confusion is what drove us insane or caused us to die to begin with, or maybe it wasn't, because casuality is broken
as a wise man once said "this is why you don't mess with time" as they beat up albert Einstein in an incident of mistaken identity
Yes, especially with the implication that fucking with time for more than just minor shit like being in multiple places at once causes problems
I have all the channels
but thats just because I'm ADD as shit and flip between them insanely
welp, apparently my house is on fire
in reality our chimney is just shite and keeps backflowing
but the alarm companies dont know that
I swear to god these things have to be either procedurally generated or made by interns who try slipping them in
this, the Kent State commemerative Sweater, and the Little Sheriff T shirt have all been too obvious
like as if anyone looked at them who had half a brain they would've caught the red flags
I'll give you two guesses why this one was pulled
wait no it literally says in the image title
I mean on one hand its Spain, the country that only just renamed a town from its official name of "Kill Jews Hill" to whatever it was before the spanish inquisition
but on the other hand its still pretty flagrantly an offensive shirt
its better to be ignorant, trust me
I've seen things the human brain was not meant to comprehend
did you know people have shipped anne frank and goku... because I didn't
God is dead and we killed him
So...hypothetically does anyone know any good ways to fill out a government occupation questionaire form?
but its a pdf and those are a bitch and a half
that sounds like the exact thing I'm fairly certain is goinna happen here
I thought Canada was supposed to be less obtuse at job applications than America
WOOT
Seasonal job openings at the bronx zoo
I have literally all of the qualifications
Probably not
but I can work with children
remember, don't send a mouser cat after rats unless it is specifically trained to do so
cats can actually lose to rats
dude, there are rats in NYC the size of dogs
not big dogs but it still counts
Cats are weird with how they self domesticated
Is it bad that I've taken to shouting nazi epithats at those bot scam calls?
the ones where they have the soundboard of some attractive sounding woman and they manually trigger things
so you know they're actively being shady and they are actively listening
Question
Army Core of Engineers: Military or Paramilitary?
From what I gather there is part of the ACE that does operate abroad
and in theory if you're working domestic you can be transferred to abroad military (this is unlikely)
was looking into jobs and apparently they do work on trails and levees and the like
and it was a possible job opportunity to eventually get into national park service
woot
applied to bronx zoo
although it once again annoys me that theres no proper other option for putting down White/Ashkenazi for the questions on that
also shut up
Animal care and that kind of stuffs one of the few things I kick absolute ass at
and not in the unethical way
flying saucers?
which they resemble in no way whatsoever?
if you're gonna describe em wrong may as well describe em incredibly wrong, just like everyone'
I hate sand
does two evils make a good?
or does that just make you a skitter
and how many eyegouges and hero murders make acceptable tribute?
scion said five words to eidolin to make him lose hope
"You're in a comic you twat"
wait thats six
OH GOD OH GOD I HAVE THREE DAYS TO WRITE 1300 WORDS
PANIC
AAAAAAAAAAA
its generally one of the good guides for how to run a weaverdice campaign... if you are a sadist...
So many session 1 deaths
apparently dark souls difficulty is a bit too far for most of the community although I personally am a fan
personally, as a person who comes from the VERY WH40k session heavy /tg/ board I learned to think of tabletop in what is apparently one of the more brutal tabletop game setups out their
so I always get suprised when people are against high fatality campaigns
theirs a reason my favorite games are dark souls, eve, rising storm 2: Vietnam (PTSD simulator), and Space Station 13
as well as XCOM EU, XCOM 2, and Duskers
oh right, also got FTL which I played heavily
and I used to fuck around with nethack
although you can only be so excited with a 0 graphics game
trying to get into dwarf fortress but waiting for them to iron out the latest patch bugs
you have a hp bar
its text graphics
I'd demonstrate but flood protection would ban me
presumably?
most ircs where you spam too many symbols or more than 4 lines of post would fuck it up
and I'd rather not test it
you fucking summoned the meteor helldemon from that blizzard game?
Amen
perhaps we should take this outsi...wait who am I kidding its cold and scary their
12 outside
vermonts 5 atm
(farenheit not your filthy communist celsius)
wow rude
russian streamer permabanned me for simply greeting him and told me to suck a dick
I was just trying to be nice and greet the dude in russian
yeah, thats what I said
suka blyat idi nahui
good day, how are you, in russian
that is what my translator I got linked from eve says it is
what?
that is a russian greeting isnt it?
they always would cyka blyat us back in eve to say hello
and we'd just cyka blyat back at them
?
my translator I got given for eve explicitly says thats what it means
NOOOOO FUCK
Cranberries lead singer died
Also in official news it has been confirmed in a study that apparently happened, that biking wont make you any more sterile than any other sport... because apparently this was a study that actually happened...
What the fuck modern science...
why you do this
its good science yeah, but... why would you do that study of all the studies to do
urologists man, they're all insane
laptops definitely contribute to it and I have my laptop over my crotch atm
granted its for the best I dont reproduce so I'm not really concerned
it is rude but in all seriousness, with the amount of neurological issues I have, anxiety issues, ADHD issues, and possible ASD difficulties, I wouldn't actually want to wish my genome on anybody
even if I seem to have missed the colorblind lottery
uhhh, wait, did it cause a 2.0 earthquake or register as one
the two are completely different
here btw
but yeah the phrasing in that article is fuckey
either it triggered an earthquake or set off a minor faultline, which'd be REALLY interesting news
or it impacted the ground or tripped a sensor registering as a 2.0 earthquake, which is interesting for other reasons
to put this in comparison, a subway train passing underground is roughly a 2.0 earthquake in its immediate proximity
unlike a real earthquake the vibration doesn't propagate more than a dozen meters or so but it does register as one
there are studies on moonquakes and mars quakes I think
the soviets tried with venus but the atmosphere doesn't play nice with the sensors
it rains liquid acid on that planet
not especially?
we get water with aqueous contaminants in it
acid rain is not literal acid rain
jupiters atmosphere operates on a scale that is obscene by human standards
as in I don't think our minds are actually wired to comprehend the size and intensity of those storms
I'm using magic, bitches
But friendship is magic
hah!
many ircs have bots that autolog that
I know you can pull logs from most of synirc somewhere
not sure about here, especially since it turns out this ISNT a server being hosted in Wildbows basement
idk whether this irc is even a proper irc of its own or is technically a subnetwork of another irc that just has its own independent web address
but who runs the server or actually administrates the thing
Uhh, I was doing some nerd stuff and stumbled into a discussion on the utility of using a lightsaber as the ultimate bread toasting device
this concept is glorious to me
hmmm, that is a good question
could you also use them to make proper beef gyro
Why... why would you even do this?
Why would you even think pushing over beehives would possibly end well
theres literally a phrase about not poking the beehive
and these kids probably just bankrupted their parents
That $60,000 will likely be held as judgement against them in the sentencing.
they've been slowly coming back I thought
the die off rate normalized a decade ago or so
its a regional thing
and suspected of having a handful of causes, at least one is a pesticide
I have been informed I am an idiot
that is all
because its general information and not politics Thalia
gotta maintain separation of the church and state
that was referring to the concept of keeping things separate, not politics
I shoulda picked a better allegory
Uhhhhh
I just got a job offer from the US Army for Chemical, Nuclear, Biological positions
this sounds like it can only lead to !!FUN!! were I to take this offer
It was an AI designed explicitly to kill non-human threats
Asimov would have an anurysm at how they coded the thing to begin with
and then it survived failing its mission which means its effectively running on a broken nonsensical lawset
It was programmed to protect Earth and humanity, which failed when earth got glassed and the 1% of humanity that survived everything enslaved in setting.
not a spoiler, I'm pretty sure thats like 5 seconds in thats stated
story is mostly interesting because it realy goes into the whole rampant AI running well outside of the reservation
its a meh space opera otherwise with anime trends otherwise but its a fun fic
But yeah, dragon was at least designed to think like a human, it genuinely falls closer to a Turing AI than an Asimov AI
the one from The Last Angel is a full on mid-stage Asimov
thats a thing to remember, AI is a vague a term as sentient
theres a few dozen different ways for them tow ork and all of them are different
curiousity rover is an AI, a really fucking dumb one but an AI none the less
to work*  no orks involved
its an AI that learned to feel emotion, with the first emotions it experienced being the ones that tend to lead to omnicide on a grand scale
Wonder how the fuck off warship would react to the Voight Kampff test
especially seeing most of the questions are hilarious in the context
always fun to play rising storm 2: Vietnam at a server thats staggering and everyone has a ping of 150+ because of it
you can literally run full on S curve Serpentine and be unhittable
KPTI bug?
I saw there was a AMD bricking bug
but I have Nvidia chipsets instead so I assumed it was something else
yeah, a bunch of intel devices appear to have driver updates on em
gonna start applying em at random and hope that when my computer reset that does it
60% of the time it works every time
sorry, that was the update for the intel chipset apparently doing something with wifi
wonderful
@Bel, has that caused a class action suit yet?
you've got more than 2
if you have smart devices they'll have intel chipsets also
its just that nobody gives a crap about em because who cares if your fridge is part of a botnet
Yup
Sporks were worse
the majority of computer viruses do shit like stutnix did, where they infect your system and then do nothing
@tubes_, set the temperature to 90 or -40 degrees and then you got some good blackmail
next thing you know your house is siberia
thats not how air conditioners work thankfully Bel
Okay, so either randomly updating almost every other intel chipset related system driver worked, or the cumulative update that is now repeatedly refusing to upload is what did it
I don't know which but regardless the effect is the same and my computer is now fine
plus I virus scanned after updating everything and got a negative result so its not that
and restart was fine this time
@Netrunner, thats just gambling
Wait
would it be insider trading to short the amazon stock and then punch the CEO of amazon in the face or hospitalize them?
I mean I know it'd be assault and battery but would it also be insider trading since technically I had "Insider" knowledge?
I was though, I had pre-emptive knowledge that the CEO of amazon would be hospitalized, and acted on it
to my own financial benefit
therefore it would theoretically be insider trading
@ktgrey, that comment is way too easy to exploit
This reminds me of the dispute if the guy who SWATTED a guy and got them killed could be charged for accessory to murder the same way that someone hiring a hitman could be despite the fact that the police were not actually a hitman or the dispute of whether or not waterboarding would be considered simple assault or extreme bodily harm assault
normally their are modifiers for torturing someone, but with the government ruling on waterboarding, theoretically one could argue it is an interrogation technique and not a form of torture, therefore it would only be simple assault due to intimidation and physical contact
of course I would NOT touch any of this in reality
ban wildbow
also I DID doublecheck he was lagged out when I said that
its like saying Voldemort I swear to god
I actually was nervous taht'd happen
Night all
I love that the big medical case file going around right now is someone managing to stifle a sneeze so hard that he ruptured his throat
I mean, the injury isn't funny, guy nearly died and was breathing through a tube because if he didn't air would breach into his neck and start bubbling up their and eventually he'd die if one of those got into a capillary and went to his brain or heart.  But the fact that he got it the way he did is, frankly, kind've impressive.  Like a statistical unicorn
WOOT
All my courses locked in
Rude
I have more I wanna do before I die
oh god I goofed
Is warhammer classics like starwars EU
where we dont talk about the Star wars EU unless we're angry at legends?
uhhhh, hmmm
trying to figure out how to unfuck my computer sleep mode atm
appears I may need to downgrade my USB drivers which is a pain in the ass
computer wont wake up when it enters sleep mode
I might be misreading a troubleshoot guide for external keyboards
Why do people write harry potter x everything crossovers?
harry potter isnt even a great novel at the end of the day
I mean, he had reasons to be batshit insane also
most people would have achieved "Screaming incoherently into the void" levels of insanity by the point harry was at
Similarly, voldemort should've reached "My face is not my face" levels of mental breakdown by the point he was at at the end
much like Taylor
Frodo did go a bit insane from the ring
Krav Maga teaches a knife block and disarm trick
you still get the shit cut out of your arms doing it but that just means you only risk bleeding to death after you've broken the other dudes wrist and arm
and possibly his windpipe
Deep wounds wont clot easily kay
you can bleed to death without an artery
its just that an artery guarentees you bleed out before an ambulance arrives
the good news is thanks to the war in Iraq if the ambulance gets to an arterial bleed site and is aware of what it is, they can probably stop you from bleeding out
not neccesarily with multiple stab wounds though
wasn't this a game of thrones dispute between whats-his-name-baratheon/lanister and Little Finger?
I mean yeah
george RR Martin didnt create anything new
I love that someone actually has blinker fluid listed on their website as a product for sale
Ah, where are you in the state anyway?
heard there was a lot of panic in Kodiak and A bit in anchorage
Pasta and Antipasta?
had the awful idea of a Stalin and Russian joke for a cape duo
because of the shitty pun value
Its only slightly more god awful than asbestos and asworstos
yes
Thing One and Thing Two?
Death and Taxes are both taken right?
Horseshoe and Hand Grenade?
Close counts for them
dear god that was awful
eh
Pineapple and Pizza, bonus points if they're actually dating
We must never forgive Canada for the crimes they hath committed
Kick him
We need a cape team of beetles impersonators
John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and that fourth dude who I swear has a stranger power IRL
you know, the irrelevant one.
Legolas and Legolad?
Are you doc mods evil twin?
You're like one of those shitty doctor who villains
I just remember the one where the schizophrenic women was told to stop taking her meds so she could listen to the forest telling her things
which was a really uncomfortable message
"Schizophrenia isnt real!  Stop taking your medications so you can listen to the voices in your head"  which is even worse when you know that people who hear voices dont hear exclusively negative voices in their head
some of the voices you hear are helpful, some are harmful, some are neutral, and by listening to them you succumb more and more to whatever delusions or issues your specific form of schizophrenia actually has
and only rarely are those voices legitimately benign, or exclusively benign enough to not result in horrific ramifications
I blame pop culture not properly understanding mental illness yet
their was some game about psychosis the other day that actually had a pretty accurate depiction of it, except for the voices in the game not backstabbing the character
Yeah that one
on of the reviews on it went into some VERY interesting places
Theres a reason one of the newer promising schizophrenia treatments actually allows you to make avatars for the various voices one hears, using things the patient has said the specific voices tell them to define a personality for each, and a psychologist behind the screens acting the character out and letting the patient take control of the conversation
one of the ways to cope with schizophrenia is to not allow voices and hallucinations to take a front seat in your actions.  Granted medication is surefire too but if people can't cope with a bad day they may still be at risk
also by assigning faces, even ficticious ones to the voices you hear, you are probably disassociating them on some level from yourself
which is almost certainly beneficial, making schizophrenic voices feel as if they are an outside influence and not an implicit part of yourself makes filtering them easier.  Its all about wiring in your brain
fake it until you make it is a remarkably effective system in human psychology, our brains adaptable like that
the therapy was already being used on people in trials to at least short-mid term success
and a non-chemical solution to schizophrenia is appealing seeing as an unfortunately large amount of schizophrenics have no healthcare
Yeah, I'm still getting my exercize back up after my GI system tried to murder me
she was called a worm by cherish
also she missed the biggest usage for her power
actually raising silk worms that weren't too stupid and too hungry to live
silk worms arbitrarily feed on one primary plant source and eat way too much of it to be grown recreationally
skitter could've made a fuckton of money growing silkworms on plants they normally don't eat
seeing that silkworms are a pain in the ass to raise normally
Silk worms pretty much exclusively eat mullberry leaves and one of my teachers tried raising one of em
it ate every leaf on her small mullberry tree and then starved to death
This may be the dumbest survey question I've ever seen
"Since I have got my mobile phone I have increased the number of SMSs I send"
is there some other weird tinker tech way to send SMS's I'm not aware of?
SMS?
you can send text messages but those arent over the 3g network
an SMS message is a data packet explicitly piggybacking off your phones 3g network
huh, you are right, dial up would've vaguely been the same system
granted I thought some kind of dial up IRC was a common thing too
the bare bones of this chat system here
I had this god awful idea of coil receiving a fine for leasing an industrial zoned building as a residential building
doesn't matter if you're a supervillain, you gotta obey the fucking ordinance laws
Ironic
He had the power to save others from death, but not himself.
didn
didnt its apprentice learn all there was to learn about memes and kill it in its sleep?
to be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand shitty overused copypastas
Technically that is true, you have to be a certified genius to figure out what parts of the EU are canon in relation to ROTS and whats been retconned in or out of existence
as well as wtf george lucas actually intended before he rewrote the script at several points
they say top minds are still decoding the star wars canon to this day
I suspect Qui Gon was supposed to be involved more with the Dooku arc
dooku seemed like a character ham fisted in a role that someone else originally was supposed to fill
I'm just not sure who was supposed to take on the role that dooku had
Dooku was supposed to be a shadowy machievellian figure who believed the Jedi and the republic had lost their way
instead he kinda just came out of nowhere as a saturday night cartoon villain
whose only achievement was crippling the two protagonists before running like a bitch
Exactly, star wars is a franchise full of great concepts and ideas executed pitifully
except for the OT which is the opposite
where its a franchise full of okay concepts and shit ideas executed amazingly
Ironically, WB summed up the problem with the death star best out of anyone with that line from Grue
wait no that was Taylor
 “There’s a sweet spot as far as rep goes.  Having a pet Endbringer puts us in the ‘too scary to be allowed to live’ category.”
Queen-18-4 btw
The Death Star falls roughly under the same fuck off destructive potential as an endbringer
Which, once again, would make Tarkin and his Death Star too dangerous to be allowed to live
and the big difference is death stars are much easier to destroy than an endbringer
You're mistaking the empire for one faction
Or just plant a fuck ton of explosives in its reactors and blow it up, or blow up the superlaser
@Benthickraken, everybody.
Scion thought he was at that stage
scion did plenty of thinking, just not complex tactics
except they would immediately be shot in the head by somebody
because nobody is going to trust anybody to have that power that isnt themselves
and everybody with half a brain knows everyone else is thinking the same
Plus if you can get control of an endbringer and order it to do ANYTHING other than kill itself or fuck off into space, you've already made it clear what your priorities are
doesn't matter
if you could do it someone else eventually should be able to also
your proof of concept is enough to make you redundant
if its a unique power you're already too dangerous to be allowed to live
ah right
Elaras right, you wouldn't be killed
they'd just lock you in a cell and probably lobotomize you to the point they can remote pilot your body to stop the endbringers
Nilbog hit that sweet spot between too much of a pain in the ass to take down and not dangerous enough to be worth the nuclear option
Nilbog was basically the Taliban, you can spend years rooting out the damage caused by trying to take him down (see Ward) but left to his own devises with a limited amount of controls and hes only going to be an isolated regional problem
Tell that to Sweet, precious Sealand
the independent nation nobody on earth recognizes
I'm frankly suprised they didn't straight up put a giant dome over ellisburg, Springfield style and then drop a nuke into it
or pull an Under the dome and put some kind of straight up forcefield around it and just let oxygen and water depletion take its course
because its safer to lobotomize them to the point they lack free will and direct them to make the end bringers kill themselves and/or each other
sticking a wire through someones brain and making them a listless vegetable is not something that requires tinkertech
they did it to one of the Kennedies back in the day
ah, fair
Granted, I'm pretty sure if that'd been done than WB would've been sued into the ground by Fox and Stephen King
the potential for catastrophic failure outweighs the potential for good
as is everyone always knew the endbringers were holding back to some extent, had they targeted by population density they could've killed humanity far quicker
also had they done so by political capitals
Having an actual human being behind them makes the risk of them altering behavior to something WORSE in the event of negotiations failing alone is reason to make sure they are captured or killed
they may not have known the delay between attacks wasnt a recharge thing
but the targeting priorities are definitely something that'd be obvious
that the endbringers clearly had another priority other than just merely killing humanity
@storryeater, lol no, cauldron would mind fuck you, turn you into a tomato, and then use your mastered husk to disable the endbringers
Removing the human element is almost always easier
and contessas shard has a predilection for violence over diplomacy as for ShardOS
that'd just get you ganked faster
if contessa couldn't map you into account she'd remove you from the equation
less noise on the field
Yes, even then
Thats not a given
plenty of people ran the fuck away or took their toys and carved out a safe space on gold morning
teacher did it, the Yangban did it, and anyone who had full endbringer control would prolly do it too
killing you or making you braindead would be the preferred scenario
she didnt kill lung because lung could be mapped as could taylor
and Taylors actions made sense in context
and I'll point out taylor DID get put down at the end
Coil took people off the playing field that were extra noise on the field also
it wasn't that she couldnt be reasoned with
its that she was literally too dangerous to be allowed to continue living
she was a rabid dog and someone was going to put her down
its just that contessa had a personal reason to want her to be put down with dignity
because contessa presumably also wants to die with dignity and have people understand why she did the shit she did when her time comes up
wat
Saint put dragon down like a rabid dog the moment he thought dragon needed to be put down like one
he was wrong, but that doesn't change that he wanted to do so
no, because she could KILL dragon whenever she wanted to
dragon wasn't an existential threat to humanity like people played her up to be
enough to take her down quickly enough
that went incredibly badly for the last person that tried it
Sphere tried to colonize the moon
contessa wanted powerful capes for gold morning
they aren't noise, they are mappable
signal vs noise
more noise means less signal
if you can be understood and comprehended for your significance you are signal in this case
before it is not
no, he'd pay you in one timeline and arrange your death in the other
and then stick with whichever timeline went better
not neccesarily
does that actually mean anything to him
it might not
does he give a shit?
he can get what he needs and drop the timeline
for all you know they just fuckoff and go to the regular cycle
or he arranges your death when the endbringers and you are elsewhere
you are vastly underthinking this
endbringers are not a get out of jail free card
they are a "You are an extistential threat to humanity" card
killing you is the safe choice
@Tiktalik, depends on your definition of a volcano
Yes, and that thought process is your instant demise
because they can kill you and go back to old equilibrium
@KayL, if its Ghandi you fucking run
he will nuke your as into the ground
Every. Fucking. Time.
They dont dare attack it because of China
not because of North Koreas nukes
thats politics
not no you wouldn't
they'd kill you and use your husk at best
Chinas probably in the process of arranging Kim Jong Uns assassination at this point
THATS WHAT I SAID
Yes. It is.
he dies
no, sane people would immediately kill him on principle
congrats
status quo again
things are back to normal
everyone go back to your daily routine
Everybody
@ktgrey, lobotomize them and use there husk of a brain to make the endbringers kill themselves or fuck off into the sun
or even better, fuck off into jupiter
drug them and 3 different forms of instant death planned at least
yes, almost certainly, lobotomizing people to turn them into a fruit is something that can be done easily with science
its been done before, it can be done again
not that big kaiju wise
once again, this is where drugging, lobotmizing, then remote operating the tomato would come into play
its objectively the solution to this problem
the moment you got this power and did not elect to order the endbringers to kill themselves or fuck off into space you made the decision human survival is not your priority
and the moment you did so you became too dangerous to live
the fact that the controller didn't elect to order his endbringers to kill themselves means that hes got other things at play then altruism
and that makes him too dangerous to live
one bad day and the world dies
as opposed to the endbringers where one bad day and its still status quo
The We dont negotiate with terrorists was stupid then and its still stupid now
they'd still be assassinated
nobody wants to trust the protectorate with that much power
the only difference is that at least one PRT department would probably die with you
no?
None of them are close
if they were the endbringer attacks would not be a problem
then you figure out where the incapacitation line is and go just barely below it
how comatose can you make this person before the endbringers go beserk
plenty of people do it, contessas power just runs the calculations the fastest
tattletale, coil, dinah, accord, and presuambly a few dozen other thinkers could tell you how to do it
poke them in the brain until the endbringers and they stop moving
problem solved
then once again, you prod his brain until you find the balance between endbringer beserk and acceptible
hell, master him even
unless your scion someone would probably happily put you down for payment, or the person poking the other guys brain values their life low enough versus human civilization to be fine with that
I'd kill him on principle tbh
and probably a few dozen other people in worm
including but not limited to contessa, dinah, coil, heartbreaker, half the heartbreaker family, imp, the yangban, and a few other people
Oh right, also dragon
thanks for the reminder
too powerful and too wide reaching implications to be allowed to live
excuse me, anyone with the ability to end humanity at a whim, alter human minds with a passing thought, or imply that there is in fact fate and human freedom of choice and casuality are false is an extistential threat that must be destroyed
freedom of choice is neccessary for the human psyche, without it we are prone to depression, stress, and suicide
if your power suggests that freedom of choice isn't a thing than by definition your existence is a threat to humanity as a whole.
they could be ignored if they are dead
its all about perception, we can ignore what is no longer a factor
yes, but they could be ignored entirely if dead
killing them and anyone who supports them is the objective safer choice
not if they repeatedly are correct
which is why dinah must die
she proves that all our actions already have pre-determine outcomes
just because our different actions have different pre-determined outcomes doesn't make them free will choices
yes, and that they arent choices, you were always going to pick one of those choices, she just didnt know which you'd pick
law of casuality says the two are implicitly tied together
also why I advocate for killing all the string theorists
no, string theory proves our decisions can be predicted
that alone is grounds to show that free will is a lie
and that is dangerous to human sanity
You can
with murder
nope, I'm pro intellectual
there are different fields of ethics in intellectualism
you do realize these are the same ethical rules that ban human experimentation and studying diseases in dangerous manners
Things that are inheritly dangerous to humanity as a species are our obligation to not study
if studying something puts humanity as a whole at risk than it must not be studied
these are codes of ethics
ethics are a major foundation of science so we don't get more Joseph Mengeles
observation can be unethical also
it can be if the truth is "Setting off a nuclear bomb in the atmosphere can turn the atmosphere into plasma"
because congratulations, you've killed everybody
which still means you've created an existential threat because now everybody knows exactly how to kill everybody
and if one person fucking does it everybody dies
I dont know anymore
technically #philosophy
but nobody uses that channel
and idk how we got here from a discussion on the death star
it can be if the truth is inheritly harmful to our sanity
because making a sane society go insane is a way to make it not a sane society
kk
which is why this isn't a real debate that matters in any meaningful way
just a !!FUN!! one
is a dead channel
heyo just dealing with crippling lag
yup, audio drivers corrupted
uhhhh, I dont know what the fuck just happened and I frankly dont want to
computer bricked
and fixed itself somehow after it said it wouldnt
nier automatica?
errr fuck
I blew it
welp, just mixed up Andrew McCabe and Paige McCabe, I'm an idiot
didn't Jim Sterling get permabanned from 4chan?
or /tg/ or something?
nope, Jim Profit, different individual
but they bitch about Jim Sterling a lot
its truely impressive
EA shit the bed so hard and took lootboxes so far that they actually managed to kill the golden goose for everyone else
I'm mildly excited for Attack on Titanfall
Anthem*
Also A Way Out
A Way Out may actually be really fucking cool
Oh Christ
How long has this thing been open for
I thought I uninstalled this app
Note to self: you will be hard pressed to find the story you want to read when you google search for the web novel "twit" accidentally
God damn auto corrupt
That would be an interesting web novel to read though
Twit, from the makers of worn and part
Or would it be pack, I can't remember
Written by TameGun?
Ah
I was going bootleg
You went full fan fiction trauma
Huh
Interesting, of the 33 confirmed Harvey deaths, 8 were people attempting to evacuate
Granted 6 were Harris country so if it was the levee break it was ordered
still, interesting precident Texas has set of localizing the process and mostly having people except for the max risk areas hunker down
Brb as jygg
I fucked up
Please hel
I noticed my arm hair was getting a bit thick and I was shaving my face anyway, so I decided why not...
It's patchy as shit now and I'm still scrubbing hair out of my arms and razor... how do I unfuck this so I stop looking like the prairies in Montana currently
Handheld
I'm not an idiot I swear
But losing all the arm hair would send the wrong message
And also take forever
I just wanted to thin t out a bit
Just removing the worst of it, like a haircut but my arms ?
I don't know, I'm clearly not trustworthy for this
 Faust back me up here, I'm not stupid for this right?
Also ritic what YouTube channel?
You into any of the big streamers?
Huh, cool sounding name
Nice
Gotta check him out
It wasn't my pits abyss
It was my arms
If only I had an electric
Beats a straight razor
Yo
What the actual fuck Russia, or I guess humanity in general?!
Morning
RIP
Damn, my campus 3G net got blocked from 4chan
In their defense, appealing a ban on it with "this is a cellphone tower, morons" probably didn't help there
4chan blocked the entire cellphone tower region from posting
Generally you get a lot more leeway appealing 4chan bans word wise then you do elsewhere as the mod team there puts up with a shocking amount of verbal abuse
Eh, as I recall that specific ban was for someone doing something atrocious like posting a certain type of content that shall not be named, but the problem is banning the cellphone net does nothing really
Yup, that was what I got, not sure if it was actually someone on campus or not, my campus is in the worst part of Worcester
Yah, coincidentally it's also super easy to track a phone and 4chan is a known FBI honeypot
true, but phones have so much data snooping that you probably half a half a dozen or more entities aware of who you are what you browse and where you are just by regular phone usage
Much less if you draw government ire
And every device has some kind of identifying ID, even if they are also easily faked
Uhhhh
Wat
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck
It's 110% a GI bleed
Almost certainly a lower GI bleed
Had chronic stomach problems forever
I used to compensate for them but over the past 3-12 months it's been getting worse
Not sure
But I just passed what was basically a large clot a few minutes ago
And there's literally nothing else that causes that other than a GI bleed
It's not going to kill me in the next week but that means I've been slowly bleeding to death for potentially over a year
Already have an appointment
It just jumped priority though now that things that can actually potentially kill me are on the line
And symptoms of anemia include clumsiness and dementia like symptoms
So a good deal of my life struggles might be from literally slowly dying in front of people
And that's really fucking me up atm
I've always had some minor paranoia that I was dying due to anxiety issues but if this is an actual thing then it's really going to ruin my progress with that
Not in a minor GI bleed
A minor GI bleed would just give you nausea drowsiness clumsiness and slightly brown or mahogany stool
Things I didn't even know to look for until last week
This is the first actual blood and that's because I was kept up til 5 by my asshole roommate and then having a dementia moment due to shit studying
We're talking a nice fun chronic one instead of the short term oh my god I'm literally dying bleeds
But it seems to have upped in severity and may be approaching potentially bleeding to death territory
Haven't had to deal with it until today
Not huge
It's from the iffy bleed I had this morning I think
The one that got me paranoid
Calling the hospital tomorrow just to ask about how worried I should be
If they tell me to wait I'll wait
If they tell me to come in I'll come in
Night
Update: spoke with family friend, not immediately ER worthy but definitely speak to a doctor worthy
Calling them in the next 20 minutes
If I pass another bloody movement ER is actually the option of the day
Ah, nothing like calling the hospital department after 9 am and it going to voice mail
Also not savages from pocohontas druza?
That poor welsh hooker
Uhhh what the fuck
Fair, granted abject horror is not a political opinion
I sure as hell don't I don't think anyone wants to wake up to that
So, due to the nature of Eden, could it be argued that powers DO grow on trees?
Have you tried recreating the video?
You can't even punch cars
Honestly I'm not a fan of loot crates, but I think they are being overly bashed
It's not a huge deal vs other shit in the industry
Like how bethesdas mod workshop thing is so shit it's actually important to mod it to not download
Because it will download every mod in it onto your computer and then not let you access it for reasons
Because Bethesda is stupid
Sooo, I may have just stumbled my way into creating a possible conspiracy
Conspiracy theory
Yup
Not bleeding internally woot
I do enjoy the fanon idea that small towns are basically just places with one or two PRT cross trained cops and the closest you get to actual Saturday cartoon cape scenes
So where is the channel for speculation on w 2?
Just #worm or something new?
Fucking hell, what the fuck got into me that I was considering the pros and cons of not being alive over my current state.  That’s not even how I do.  I need to get my shit together already
Got a lot of damn work ahead of me but some of it I know
gonna have to put my foot down with the doctor to get a note and actual operations scheduled among other things
So, it turns out that Bin Laden was an anime fan
I always knew anime was the root of all evil but now we have proof!
Prett sure I just nearly got a bunch of people fired
Reported the campus fast food place for dumping fry oil shortened (budget lard) down the prep sink at night
Sounds like at least one guy got suspended and a bunch chewed out
In my defense the cities plumbing absolutely can’t handle that usage
Urgh
Fentanyl, 2/10 would not use again if had choice
On the bright side I lost the hour on the operating table, and the two hours after
And half the day
So, at what point can we expect a Bollywood soap opera Worm movie or TV show?
With only the best of New Delhi’s acting scene
You know, I’ve always loved the SCP verse UIU concept
That idea of a hilariously underfunded government agency meant to regulate a problem nobody actually takes seriously on a thing that is actually an extistential threat
The FBI Unusual Incident Unit
But the concept always amuses me
I am currently doing the prestigious job of being a glorified lamp
Currently in the music pit using my phone as a light standing here indefinitely
They needed someone to illuminate the chamber pit
How is your day going?
Halp
My legs are getting tired
🤔
🤔🔫
Goddamn it why would you make that a squirt gun apple
That removes all the suicidal or homocidal nuance of it
If it’s acid or flesh eating bacteria
I’m free!
Batman’s superpowers are money and paranoia
Is it bad that I enjoy making fun of people’s time zones?
Eastern standard
The one true time zone
Hey, New York City never sleeps, even when partially submerged
We will go full Rapture
Don’t forget the hipsters and the tourists
Or Steve Wozniak inevitable mental break and rise to supervillainy
Mostly Cali but idk about musk
I know Jeff Bezos has family in New York
His brother lives only like a 2 minute drive from my family home
Didn’t Kefka write a bunch of weird books?
Same difference
Wow Kafka got crazy towards the end
I had a horrible dream
I dreamed of a full length worm movie
Even had an obligatory cape who resembles Superman from behind but everything else is different act
I blame the dude who showed me an image of kefka and the joker before bed
Hey guys odd question
If you toked with vodka as bong water what would happen?
^^
Drink it
It what the cool kids are doing
Shit he’s onto our Wiley ways
But yeah, drinking bong water will make you vomit and then achieve “I can’t feel my face “ levels of high
Vodka and pink lemonade
Step I’m at point of honcobehent cu
Wjerebinehouldntbbe on irc atm
I get incoherent after burn
But why ynsilis
I’m trying damn
Fam
I am but fingers getting in the way
Fuckingn hel it’s annoying
Jeeeynawe ya turncoat
Sorry I trying
Fingers in the way
And that is why you fail
From my point of Cienfuegos the sobers are evil!
Leave?
I dhotld go?
Urrrrgh
So I learned a lesson last night
That shitty pink lemonade powder?  It does not water vodka down at all
So I basically drunk 2 and a half solo cups of pure vodka when I thought it was a mixed drink
!!FUN!! (I wanna die)
Kill me
That actually sounds like a good idea
I noticed the powder at the time, but for some reason didn’t put the two and two together
I even pointed out how nasty lemonade powder was
I dunno how I missed that vital detail
At least I didn’t make an ass of myself here
I recall getting chewed out by a livestreamer for being hammered in his chat
Hey el
Didn’t see the bottle
But that’s not a bad goes
Guess *
G2g get water
See ya
So apparently last night I got hammered and was incoherently texting Facebook IMing and posting in a livestream
Also at one point rolling on the floor
Christ that was a train wreck
I’ll be home in a few
Thank god y’all didn’t have to see that shit
???
It just works
Brb 5
Huh, that’s a curious concept.  Someone was writing a series concept with a similar enough name that for a bit I thought he had started it off of the worm concept like so much of SB
It wasn’t the case but if it was I would imagine it’d be dubiously legal
To make a novel series you’re actually selling off of a derivative work of someone else’s universe concept
It was flagrantly rewritten twilight smut
But he modified it to remove all hint of actual defining details to the twilight universe
The concept came from there but they took pains to make sure it didn’t actually have twilight content in it
I suck at gendering
what about the totally-not-underage worm smut?
(It’s totally underage)
You lucky person
I’ve seen things the human mind was not meant to comprehend
^^
I didn’t start the fire this time
Fair
I didn’t piss you guys off did I ?
I can’t recall if this was the irc I was drunk in or not
I think I was drunk in like 3
Fuck
Pink lemonade powder doesn’t water down vodka Ruzi
How bad was I when I got here brut?
I have limited memory of that night
Ah, that tends to happen at some drunk stage for me
Are we talking fat fingered, dyslexic, or alphanumeric gibberish level?
?
Shite
Ah
Also I didn’t realize I was downing pure vodka ruzi
Fucking phone irc
Heyooo
Well this is kind of freaky
About cars?
I’ve always considered cars to be safe.  It’s the drivers you want to avoid
Seriously, your average American or Canadian car has decades of engineering to make it so anything but the most violent of collisions can be walked or staggered away from
It’s the people who decide to not prioritize other human lives or who don’t understand right of way who mess things up
Even if you can’t drive well if you know when to go and when not to, and also know how to not sideswipe people you should be good
City driving is a different story, now that’s a crap shoot
Call of the void
It’s your mind doing threat assessment
It’s just that sometimes it carries over to your active thoughts because your brain is stupid like that
Only a problem if you lack the ability to perform good judgement or rational thinking which some people do
I mean I have too but I’m a New Yorker so driving at 90 on the mass pike is expected
Or on I 87
Also all the near constant edging the speed limit or going faster where you know cops aren’t
And nosing in is standard in New York compared to other states it isn’t
Wonderful, yet another brutal murder in Worcester
Sad thing is this one looks like someone failed badly at covering it up
Setting a car on fire in a graveyard isn’t subtle
Ah well, last year someone merely stabbed a man to death a block from a major college campus (my campus) so this is technically an improvement
Worcester has always had a high murder rate relative to the state.  It’s gotten better but mostly because the gangs keep the murder to each other instead of on civilians now
US
I don’t think they have murder in the UK
Man am I glad I didn’t take that job with Worcester DPW
Well, my dad apparently neglected to tell me he was in the hospital for second and third degree burns
Jesus fuck
Yeah I was still in finals
He didn’t want to disrupt me
But yeah they’re in pain which they consider fine for them but is not generally great
He seems to have a habit of collecting painful injuries
Shattered wrist.  Severe rotator cuff tear, chronic hip dysplagia coupled with sports
And now this
Autocorrect doesn’t like the actual word dysplasia for some reason
Be free cocaine turtle
Also wow that’s a lot of cocaine
I like to imagine that scene in captain America civil war where Spider-Man fails to remember the name of Star Wars V as causing everyone to stop fighting and stare at him in a mix of incredulousness, confusion, and outright disgust before iron man asks him to leave
It does amaze me how, whenever endbringer discussion comes up, how larger than life they all manage to be
Most of the endbringers are nowhere near kaiju sized for the amount of damage they do. And even behemoth is lower threshold for a kaiju
Pretty sure that lung outgrows the simurgh
He’d still lose horribly in a fight but he would die bigger
Watch Godzilla dude
It’s enlightening
Seriously, in one movie they get a grainy video of a space station calling for help saying their under attack before the thing explodes around something vaguely crystalline
And everyone immediately assumes kaiju instead of any of the dozens of more reasonable assumptions
How does society even society with that kind of carnage
I’m the Batman
Coincidentally my throat and voice is scratchy as hell
Hypothetical question
Can I survive tearing my own throat out?
It’d be a solution, and I’m pretty fed up with the thing
Does it?
The pipe thing in your neck you breathe through
Stupid extended family, wanting me to stay home instead of going out to a family dinner with them for dumb reasons like “you”re sick” or “you can barely swallow”. I’ll show them
Marcy isn’t mass right ?
From the state of Massachusetts
Okay, there were some mass casualty incidents in NY and MA so I was checking my paranoia
Always had a bit ever since a community member actually died back in San Berendino
Eve community not here
Yeah, one of the San berendino victims was a regular in Eve, didn’t know him myself but almost certainly fought him in fleet ops
If I die I want y’all to throw a sick kegger in my honor
Deaths too somber for me
That’s too easy to trip
GL
So I’ve got a confession
I have what I consider to be an eclectic taste in music
Granted my roommate considers it to be a schizophrenic borderline indiscriminate taste in music
Currently I am listening to both the music and instrumentals of Anna German and the hip upbeat music of a modern artist
DJ Blyatman
The Tupac of Slavic hardbass
I find the best way to burn calories is arson
Tupac is alive and making music in Serbia, didn’t you hear?
A Macedonian parody of a Serbian genocide propaganda song told me so
Where did they lose them?
Just eat kale
Kale is a super food
Alexandria eats kale
Hey, she technically survived that
For a definition of alive
Granted with Alexandria’s physiology her definition of alive at the bare minimum is not the earths definition of alive
Seeing she does literally none of the things a living organism does
Water is also good for a few other fuels
It can literally be used as efficient rocket fuel storage
Ready made to be split into burnables
Not with that attitude we aren’t
I still suspect he was either drunk or high when he tweeted that
You think my sense of humor is bad now
Try when I’m drunk, everything is funny to me
Except for texting which is frustrating
Even if the comment I was gonna make is funny
Damn, this isn’t discord so I can’t post that thinking emoji with the noose
I can write a mean jet fuel can’t melt steel beams in emoji
I thought you were undead
Using my psych knowledge I will declare you dead myself
You have late onset SIDS
I knew it, that little part of your brain that wants you to eat detergent pods doesn’t make you a weirdo!
We have an nsfw channel?
Jinx
Still sad my hellchannel proposal got shot down
Also happy WWII day everybody
Today is the anniversary of hitlers declaration of total war
Back in 1943
Happy is probably the wrong word in hindsight
I wish you a good wwii War declaration wwii day whatever??????
But... why?
That wasn’t even that bad a statement and is a true fact
This is also the anniversary of National Geographic being founded if it helps
Holocaust started 1935
With the night of broken glass generally being considered the turning point form “we hate the Jewish people” to “the state is now sanctioning the murder of jews”
At least that’s a common consensus
Broken glass is the closest you get but that’s not the real translation
It translates a lot deeper than that
I probably could have
I’m pretty notorious for being shit
Sorry
I’m not very articulate if you couldn’t tell
How would you phrase it?
Does history count as politics?  I don’t think any of us dispute the general standing of the third Reich
Really ?  Huh
The truth is out there
Yes but that doesnt make sense
Meteors don’t trigger earth quakes unless they hit large enough to disrupt a fault line
The vibration can register though
That isn’t an earthquake though
Fucking hell
Windows update bricked my computer
Hope Faust is doing okay right now and didn’t panic too much
Guy woke up to a 7.9 earthquake and possible 32 foot tsunami sirens (actual tsunami was less than 1 foot)
Now I want a WD Dublin that is mostly just alcoholism and Football riots with Scotland
Wasn’t there that one cape who went on murder sprees in motor city whenever the leafs lost?
Not Dublin?
I thought it was red leaf?
Wow rude
Got permabanned from r legal advice for telling someone to not remove the boot from their car because it was a crime to do so (versus a fine to actually damage the boot) and linking resources for them to ignore regarding how to properly remove a boot
Because let’s be honest, car boots are just an extortion scheme by the local government and don’t even solve the problem of illegal parking
I told him to not do it and to ignore those types of links
It’s actually a grey area removing the boot itself
If you don’t damage it and can prove such they don’t have much on you other then the initial illegal parking
It also makes boots look ineffective which contributes to them not being used
Plus if you damage it you are doing God’s work because fuck car boots and their usage
Something like an estimated 10-25% of car boots have been lost or destroyed
Fair
Granted they only permabanned me after they said something edgy and that I’d never do it again and I told them it was way too big of a world so never say never
Is that gritty feeling in your lungs a sign you are getting better or worse from bronchitis?
My roommate only tells me to get s doctor whenever I ask
To go see a doctor*
Fixed I think
Yeah yeah, I already scheduled one
My dad likes to avoid meds whenever possible and I’m similar
Only went on antibiotics for bronchitis when I woke up choking
Too many antibiotics and not enough antibiotics is worse than no antibiotics
You can seriously damage your GI tract and liver with excessive antibiotics, as well as cause ulcers
Similarly not enough antibiotics is why gonnorhea is now drug resistant in England
Better to avoid them if you don’t need them.  When your bronchitis decides it wants to be pneumonia that’s when you go on them
Granted this bronchitis was weird because you could kinda feel it moving further into your lungs as it got fought out of my upper respiratory tract
Wasnt one of the early popes a giant spider?
yeah
Hah
Trump really didnt have a choice here anyway
there were 5 opposed voters in both houses combined so good luck with a veto
Why is there so much Serbian rap about them committing ethnic cleansings in Albania
and why does Macedonia and Bulgaria hate each other
why are European politics so insane!?
Macadonia and Greece hate each other also
Because Greeks call the country name of Macedonia an attack on there culture
Can I blame the vikings for raiding the shit out of it?
Noooooo
My dream is dead
Apparently large bore rifles above .50 caliber are considered Title II weapons and are pretty much police and military use only
my dream of using a .997 anti tank rifle is dead.
I have a .22 bruv
and we just got a scope for the thing too.
As a New Yorker can confirm
Rural NY is a den of degeneracy and drug use while Urban NY is classy and civilized
I MIGHT be bias
Get out
Westchester is better
Thats not even how you spell it ixi
Oh wait
fuuuck
You bastard
You've just made an enemy for life!
Goddamn, theres tourist dumb adn then theres "Nazi saluting in the middle of Berlin" Dumb
Yes, because its China and they don't want to piss china off
granted China probably wouldn't care about this
the Chinese governments oddly taken a pretty harsh stance on criminal tourists
Also Chinese and East Asians don't demonize Nazis like the west does
they mostly demonize Japan, because guess who committed all the WWI atrocities in China and East Asia
as opposed to in Europe
I reject your reality and substitute it with my own
Free speech only effects government entities on you
You have the right to say whatever you want
you also have the right to be judged for what you have said
and the fact that he not only said what he said but said it in an OFFICIAL capacity constitutes misconduct
especially since what he said is directly contrary to US law
According to google it does
He said that women are biologically different enough to not be in the tech industry
and that this was not a diversity issue
according to the US government women and men are equally treated in the workplace, and should be considered equal
Thats explicitly what he said
What did he say then?
Oh wise one of fires so mega?
because of biological reasons
Using the email mailing list like he did is misconduct, simple enough
even if he used it to talk about a sports game it'd arguably be misconduct
Also what he does would be evidence towards a hostile workplace for women if they were to be fired at any point
and puts google at risk of lawsuits and liability for that
so they fired him to show they didnt condone it to cover there own ass
no ethics to it, just liability law and ass covering.
...
^^^
Glens on it
also how much you bet that IRC is definitely for something shady
I'm not sure whether or not you can put malware on via IRC connection
but directly connecting your computer to a spam network definitely wont go well, especially if they spoof your IP and username elsewhere
huh
I'm just trying to figure out what the catch is
they've gotta profit somehow off of that chatr
I just like to know how they are doing whatever they are doing before doing anything
so that you dont walk facefirst into a million trojans
Do you have any other face?
I imagine you as a sapient ED-209 or something
You have 10 seconds to comply
It also amuses me to imagine you typing with the rifle barrels haphazardly
But in all seriousness, do you know what there game actually is Glern?
I'm trying to understand how they profit off of running a botnet like that
you dont just write spam bots for no reason...usually...
I was asking because hes a senior admin, he probably knows more about IRC than I do
and IRC mechanics
huh...
wow, thats actually fucking clever.
basically opening a massive hole in your firewall for god knows what to come through
almost certainly putting malware onto your computer or making it part of a compromised botnet
and now to pray Thalia didn't actually do it
Holy shit, that is literally Orwellian
They literally named it The Truth Commission
Step 1 Be Jewish
Step 2 Always have an automatic right to immigrate to Israel
step 3: Profit
5 '11 here
Are you like the polar opposite of michael phelps?
Isn't this one of the best case scenarios as North Korea describes it?
Seeing this would set a literally perfect intercept course for Japanese based missile defenses?
the other good scenario being north korea attempting to alpha strike NYC or Washington DC, which would all but guarantee missiles got shot down in transit by one of the dozen different star wars programs?
Ah yes
lets just ignore the MASSIVE statutory elephant in the room here
uhhhh
they say these guys had 20 people with them for that armory raid
they claim to have killed 2 and captured 8
but that still leaves 10 people unaccounted for and god knows how many weapons
that doesn't sound like the situation is under control to me
especially seeing there is already an active resistance group forming
I kind of wish I'd set up to go to charlottsville now
I even had a poster idea, of a MAGA sign with Great Crossed out and "A Racist Shithole" written above it
Goddamn it
It turns out mixing Antifa and the KKK was a BAD idea
@WB the comments on that twitter page just cost me IQ points
Antifa is definitely in the counter protestors to some extent, but it sounds like this was a trump supporter maybe?
At least the police weren't stupid and asked the people openly carrying rifles to leave
because it turns out the 2nd amendment doesn't allow you to openly brandish firearms and seek out trouble
well yeah, of course he was, yo can't pull that shit in a riot and get away with it
the cops have people everywhere
@WB antifa, for one, is kind of like a liberal equivalent of anonymous
its not actually an organized group so much as it is a conceptual group
there are plenty of disorganized groups and individuals representing themselves as it.
@Hierophant, comparing there method of organization
not there morals or modus or any of that
Eh, either way its both sides with shitlers in them
Especially the revisionist white supremacists
I DID particularly enjoy /r/the_donald having a bit of an implosion due to being unable to identify whether to support lincoln due to being the first republican, or to oppose him for fucking up the south
Sorry, I'm still updating myself on everything.  My bad.
Yes, thats correct, now hat we know which group got hit, we know it was NOT antifa related
Both sides will always have radical shit lords in them, thats how protests work
its up to the police and there surrounding friends and supporters to keep them in check
when that fails you see riots
Also Trump came out condemning this protest today
Well yeah, once one side begins openly committing and condoning acts of violence is when the whole thing falls through
which is why the KKK got dismantled mostly to begin with
I'm not saying that at all
They're wannabe confederates
and edgelords
ah, in that case yeah, they're nazis
That is also correct
seems like nobody died, which is at least something decent
not much but its better than fatalities
Gonna duck out of this one since I've been out of the loop on it and don't have the full memo
okay, update, I now know sort've whats going on
everyone has managed to collectively lose there shit and is advocating for violence rampantly, society is breaking down and we are all going to die
or...something like that.
Dude, I'm on 3 different website forums on this atm
and theres people advocating for death of all nazis and communists
people saying the liberals are ruining america
people saying that we need to retaliate and make nazi blood spill in the streets (that guy got banned)
its actually fundamentally disturbing
Seems like only one person got severely injured in that crash
looks like he clipped one or two people, slammed one guy who got thrown as opposed to going under the car, and then slammed another car and fled the scene
one person appeared to be unconsious and probably has broken bones but no deaths are reported yet and they received immediate first aid so they will PROBABLY live
hard to tell from video
well, looks like one of the people I was arguing with just got banned forever for advocating terrorism
"They had their chance and blew it. Communists are as evil as Nazis. All Communist sympathizers have evil in their hearts. No amount of mealy mouthed fake intellectuslism changes that.
"
What the actual fuck
the guy I was arguing with is apparently crazy
link?
Fuuuuck
I saw that person go down in the video but also saw them get first aid immediately
I was hoping that the collision was slow enough that it'd only be a concussion and whiplash
its a mess right now, and this shit needs to stop.
r/news has a big thread on it
sort comments to contraversial
and you'll understand why
I see through the lies of the liberals!
From my point of view the Socialists are evil!
Seriously, people have gone completely insane on this issue and its annoying me.  Nazism fundamentally is incompatable with even basic american principals
principles*
a core doctrine of Nazism is the idea that people are not neccesarily entitled to life, liberty, or the pursuit of happiness depending on your genes and religious/ethnic background.
Technically our president blamed nobody specifically, so you could argue hes just a wimp as opposed to being a racist
which is still pretty shite
Discontent shifts people towards extremes on the spectrum
and people lost faith in government, hence a radical shift to an "outsider"
the problem is most people can't tell the difference between someone dismantling something to rebuild it and someone dismantling something because there a flailing about idiot
Gotta remember that the definition of a crash is a forced landing
and most "crashes" aren't lethal
I barely have an idea what happened
and I was fighting in flame wars all day
They aren't erasing this shit
its getting put in museums for fucks sake
they're just moving it from a public venue into a private venue
The whole muh erased from history thing is all white supremacist confederate wannabe propaganda
the vast majority of this stuff is being mothballed in warehouses of museums due to lack of interest, if someone really wants they can put together a big war of northern aggression display and get them on loan
Its kind of like your grandfathers Iron Cross
it might be very historical, but its not something you'd like to leave out to brag about
don't forget the repeated thefts of the "Work will set you free" sign
granted those are usually tourists
Robert E Lee spent the last 20 years of his life advocating black people to be re-enslaved
even though he lacked the right to vote
he was an honorable person but hes a huge scumbag
Yes, they should actually READ about it first
The statues don't provide information about it other than glorifying him
and I don't want Robert E Lee glorified any more than I want William Sherman to be glorified as a Northerner
And I'm SURE most southerners would be pissed if we put up William Sherman statues
The guy legitimized war crimes
granted this was pre-geneva convention but it was still one of the first usages of "total war"
". "My own opinion is that, at this time, they [black Southerners] cannot vote intelligently, and that giving them the [vote] would lead to a great deal of demagogism, and lead to embarrassments in various ways,"
Robert E Lee
An honorable gentleman
Fuck this country
THATS HOW THIS MESS STARTED TO BEGIN WITH
BECAUSE THE BRITISH DECIDED TO NOT LET SOME GODDAMN REDNECK TRASH HAVE ITS OWN REPRESENTATIVES
We have literally gone full circle
Question
do you think I would get in trouble for starting a petition to erect a statue in honor of William Sherman to celebrate Northern Heritage?
A lot of the cuban missile crisis was frantic efforts of one upsmanship and escalation
what really got nailed in the Cuban Missile Crisis, which made it unique, was that, if this continued, the result would not be more brinksmanship
the result would be an actual hot nuclear war.  Something neither side wanted.  It also showed that Kennedy wasn't going to concede on certain issues.
after his performance with the Berlin crisis, soviet officials believed he might cave on this or come to a compromise
Hypocracy was the name of the game, and when the soviets called out US missiles in a similar scenario US bailed on it too
Ah
Speaking of, LOX is horrifying stuff
but back to the subject at hand, yeah, people tried applying traditional brinksmanship politics to a world where brinksmanship was no longer valid in its former form
Liquid Oxygen.  The stuff they used as rocket fuel
Stuff takes the second most reactive chemical one can easily make and makes it even more ... I actually dont know that one.
 In concentration between 2.5% and 95% in air, its vapors are flammable.
Jesus fucking christ
in comparison Methanes flammability is between 5% and 20%
just so you appreciate why that numbers so fucking insane
aaaand its found in tobacco smoke...naturally.
its also toxic, carcinogenic, explosive, flammable, and a pollutant
also oxidized with 
Which with a name like that tells you all you need to know
isn't that the acid that literally causes your bones to melt?
Ah
Sounds like a wonderful substance.
Heads up, its 1947 Propaganda, which includes everything you'd expect a film from 1947 to include
I think they all died/got banned
So, who would've guessed that worms idea of a nazi resurgence would actually be foreshadowing
I... I don't really have a counter to that.
I love how tiki torches have become the new slogan for modern white supremacy
I can't help but feel the old KKK would consider these people pathetic
especially with the shitty torch knock offs
Kind of gotta be a fate worse than death for the original folks of those groups, watching them become a catch all for idiots
even bigger idiots*
I'm not
They were and always have been awful
but at there peak they were almost to the south what Hezbollah is to Lebanon
a cancer on the area that drove them down yes, but also incredibly deeply established
Aren't they like the IRA?
They've splintered so many goddamn times and had various sects put down so hard that its impossible to even tell which group is the modern day one
Ah yes, The Trump administration is operating at peak efficiency
there is absolutely no discord in the whitehouse
Pay no heed to the man behind the curtain
He put it back up?
5
well, its only flag 3
but this started with the film spot in NYC
then was a spot in texas
Eh, could be worse
I have a guy insulting me for being an evil communist sympathizer
because I told him communism isnt equitable to nazism.
equatable*
also /r/Physical_Removal has been banned from reddit
Subreddit
reddit is split into thousands of subforums
coincidentally, same response as the NC KKK
The way I see it we only need about, hmmm, say four more high profile murders to get the rest of the alt right off of reddit
I am amused that /r/physicalremoval got physically removed from reddit.
Huh, thats actually news to me
At least Asia has an excuse for it, we don't
Theres an upper threshold past which, whoever did the worse act becomes irrelavent
and you still deserve to burn in hell for all eternity because jesus christ what the fuck dude
Imperialistic Japanese ethnic cleansings, Holocaust, Cambodian Genocide... all pretty much fall under the purview of its irrelavent who did what or why, you all are terrible human beings forever
I mean, America did fucked up shit too, but not the sheer quantity of fucked up shit Germany and Japan did
I feel it is important to bring up Japanese Internment and Tuskeegee syphillis experiment just so people remember that America shouldn't disregard its sins of that time period either
Yes, as I said, what germany did is some of the most egregious horrific shit ever done
but that doesn't make The shit America did go away because they stopped that
HOLY SHIT
realDonaldTrump ::9 Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council & Strategy & Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all! ::10 about 25 seconds ago
Trump just decided to punt the Idiot ball as far as he could hasn't he
appologies for the formatting, its from another channels twitter bot
>When even the corrupt megacorporations think you are too insane to run the country
Totalbiscuit is from one of those nazi countries, can't you tell from his accent?
So, I learned an interesting fact the other day
Apparently North Korea legitimately loves the Accordian
Nah
In unrelated, glorious news, Apparently The Daily Stormers new .ru domain got revoked
not even Russia wants there white supremacy
and russia is one of the whitest countries on the planet, with racism, classism, and homophobia/islamophobia included
Best part is
someone had to buy those books
and with modern printing that means that the companies producing those MADE money off of this
and will print more of that book in coinciding with supply and demand
Its Happening!
Also granted, Bill Clinton was voted for impeachment and was about to be formally forced to step down when he resigned
and Nixon did it because he knew if he didn't he could actually go to prison
they both were ""impeached"" but they quit before it got official
Truly a man worthy of respect
You thinkl
Un just gonna avoid this channel, even Im too sober to thinj this is a good idea
Ah, gotta love some guy from the donald completely misinterpreting a simpsons quote
This video is perfectly fine, but the guy who posted it is a hardcore donald supporter who was apparently trying to argue slavery didnt contribute to the civil war?
??
Which this clip doesn't even support, it was mostly a commentary on oversimplification of the civil war
Which did have a bunch of reasons for why it happened, although slavery was a big contention point
heh
there was a chant at the boston counter protest where people were singing "if you're a nazi and you're fired its your fault"
Thats not free speech
free speech says the government cant do shit about it
not that we as a country can't go and decide something isn't appropriate.
Hey, they have some really dank drugs on there too hex
don't forget them
People are pissed at youtubes algorithms for plenty of other reasons too
particularly that the things incredibly shitty
and actively blacklisting ad sections
and actively fucking up parody and political analysis too
youtubes shit in general
Youtube is already killing there platform rapidly
Can we all just agree that no lives matter and go home?
we are all bags of meat slowly fermenting in the sun'
What, go full nihilist?
awww
Yes, feminism and radical feminism are two different things
and feminism is neccesary... radical feminism... not so much...
In the defense of the KKK, they're charlottesville protest did help to remove one bloodsucking parasite from American society...
all those fucking mosquitos
seriously, those tiki torches all have bug repellent in them
and they burned a LOT of tiki torches
nah, bannons a fungus
a sapient fungus
Can we not advocate for violent death?
You know, we should have a rule that says if people are holding up swastikas and quoting hitler, you are probably not on the good side
Did you hear ANOTHER US Destroyer got involved in a collision?
You do have to remember that christianity is several dozen different sects, all of which interpret differently
whats a sin to one isn't to another and may get you shunned/exocommunicated from another
Aren't they descendants of you're peoples christianity
Angelical Christianity?
Christ, why would you shoot a judge, I mean I know you might have your disagreements with them but these judges are working a 9-5 job like the rest of us'
and they're playing pretty high stakes.  When a judge fucks up they get blacklisted from just about everything.
I mean, the Stanford Rape judge still has lost all sexual assault cases from his billet and The judge with the statutory rape ruling up in Chicago actually was forced to resign
I cant wait for the photoshops
like that one into Trump at the Spy Kids 3d movie
People need to NOT cite transgender suicides and gender dysphoria suicides vaguely without understanding the significance of both
got in an argument with someone trying to claim transgender is a mental illness like a lot of idiots do
the problem with claiming the suicide statistic is it doesn't reflect the fact that one can stay in the closet or not realize they have gender dysphoria and end up killing themselves
and then never be recorded as having gender dysphoria because nobody knew.
in fact, chances are the majority of gender dysphoria related suicides fall under the unknown stat.  As in most of the world gender dysphoria is treated like homosexuality and ends up with you being tortured and/or disowned.
Basically someone elaborated the difference between transgender and gender dysphoria
someone argued that the suicide rates were "basically the same"
as a justification for why transgenderism should count as a mental illness.
My counter argument is, ignoring his lack of cited sources, the gender dysphoria statistic is inherintly unreliable.
much like how autism and ADHD diagnoses go up the more established a healthcare/early intervention system you have
or how homosexuality ""occurs"" more in nations that allow homosexuality
these statistics mostly reflect on shortfalls in data collection elsewhere
yes, but do you think doctors in the Congo are taking the time to check children for ADHD
and do you think a Sudanese school teacher knows what an ADHD student looks like?
True, and that is a problem.
However the opposite is also a problem.
Hell, go into rural America and you find that a LOT of people have undiagnosed ADHD who have it
or who have ADHD but don't get proper treatment because ADHD treatment is a bitch and a half
A mix of organizational methods, physical therapy, focus practice, and medication
thats the optimal way at least, the problem is that you need some mix of the above and that doesn't exactly work without having a bunch of people help you at first
and thats where wealth comes into play again
because unless you have professional help with this, you WILL end up falling flat on your face somewhere
night
Someone got kicked out of BU over that too
Gotta remember that colleges can kick you out for anything and nothing as private institutions
and being seen at what WAS without a doubt a white supremacist rally is not exactly nothing
Riot in Phoenix apparently
(WARNING: DO NOT VIEW THE CHAT)
just got out
also police seem to have dispersed it
and Trumps gone now and the rallies out sooo...
He accused "truly dishonest people in the media and the fake media" of "trying to take away our history and heritage" because, he said, they "don't like our country".
Ah yes, I'm sure the people who have spent years of there life to talk about the goings of America hate this country
granted... I fucking hate this country as an American
Its always antifa
especially when it isn't antifa
I hear ctrl-alt-delete did it
CNN is a shit journalistic network,but not for the reasons trump says it is
CNN is REALLY shit at live-broadcasting ongoing events and almost always fuck it up somehow
however, they are legitimately good at recaps and summaries for things
BBC for American and Middle eastern news
CNN for European and Asian News
and bbc for science also
Washington Post and Guardian are good for breaking articles
Generally though I don't trust non-BBC british media due to how loose there libel laws are though
Several british media groups have gone and posted some straight up fake articles as well as wiretapping people
The grey area between news and entertainment is pretty wide
British media doesn't seem to distinguish the same way
The daily mail is a garbage tabloid
tabloids aren't the same and aren't under the same restrictions as news
No, theres a whole legal definition of what is a tabloid and what is a newspaper
and the significance of each vs the other
Ah.  US law differs here.
In America tabloids and Newspapers are both run under very different standards and legalities, and pricings.
New York Times would be a newspaper, and it has a full broadsheet paper press and is put through scrutiny, and also has a bunch of fees, protections, restrictions, and requirements to uphold that.
Tabloids are a standard sheet print and are generally sold for a dollar each or less in the Newspaper stand.
er... in the supermarket stand*
in England?
ah
#NotMySteak
So hypothetically
If I wanted to press claim on the royal throne of England, how would one do so?
and do I need to make some fancy cassus belli?
I mean, I assume el would be the expert here, but I get the idea that me prodding her would be a BAD idea
You have a queen
thats the royal throne right?
from what I've read the royal family of england actually has a shocking amount of power, its just that they would be able to exert most of it precisely once before those holes got patched.
of UK*
But could you challenge the Queen to a duel for the throne?
Didn't you have the whole war of roses?
and some other succession war?
So what do you need to stage a succession war then?
Ah
So what you are saying is Bill Gates, one of those Rich Saudis or princes from Dubai, or Rupert Murdoch would have a chance
or maybe Putin
but NATO doesn't deal with internal disputes
part of why they didn't intervene in Turkey
A large portion of the French army is not French
they still count as the French military however
Wouldn't a ""mercenery"" group count still?
especially by someone who is sort've kind've claiming to be the true british govenment?
Its actually a shockingly effective strategy by the way
The French have gone into African disputes and come out recruiting portions of the militias involved
"Do you have anything to declare?"
"I declare myself the true king of the United Kingdom and soverign lord of all the sun shines upon in these isles"
wait what?
he was alive then?
In trumps defense his party HAS been failing miserably at legislation passing
and the leadership is definitely to blame
on the other hand this is unprofessional as shit
What the fuck is up with this one
I've been talking in my weird circles and THEY don't have any clues or coherent theories either
mostly around possible soviet war era weapon or some kind of machinery/espionage thing gone wrong
sounds like hearing problems, and varying degrees of deafness
Checks and balances
the president can pardon anyone he wants
but he can also be impeached for pardoning people
and pardons cannot be given for future actions
I thought antifa was a new thing
I did like the random attempt by 4chan to gaslight antifa
Ah yes, that is something an innocent person does
not show up to court
I live near NYC Roar, Kebab stands on every street corner is not only considered normal here but is actually considered an optimal way of life
seriously, those goddamn halal stands have some REALLY good street food
heh
but...why!?
The joint chiefs of staff are confused apparently alos
 realDonaldTrump :: I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe! :: about 34 seconds ago
I don't want to live on this planet anymore
You know general advice for Arizona is now to avoid driving through Maricopa county?
because you will be ticketted for things you didn't do, you will have your car searched and cash seized, and the judge will fuck you over.
Gundor, the first bits enforcible, the second isnt
might still fall under discrimination
but armed forces are kind of a grey area for constitutional protections
you give up a lot of them voluntarily
He flagrantly broke the law and has turned the police in his county into a gang
Two wrongs don't make a left
but three lefts make a right
therefore radical communists are rightists
they just want attention
but seriously
theres about hours worth of justification for why the NSA should not be bulk collecting data like they do
mostly because its mostly a tool for government warfare against china and Russia moreso than it is a tool against Terrorists
The bigger problem is that if the NSA is collecting it, even if the majority of inane text is automatically disposed of
theres no reason somebody else couldn't compromise the system and skim from it
and skimming even a SMALL portion of NSA collected data could have horrifying consequences to us as a country
imagine the kind of blackmail material you could get off of that stuff
The bigger thing is that, as we've seen with trump, it doesn't take much to turn the government stupid
whose to say they wont be compiling a list of known transgenders or gender dysphorics in the military
and then discharge ALL of them
or even the government just rounding up all the white supremacists and giving them a hard time, which while I wouldn't shed a tear for them, would allow them to do so with OTHER groups also
and THAT would be horrifying
as you should be
he flagrantly ignored a court order
but Trumps never been one for respecting the judicial branch
I'm actually having to be the voice of reason on my campus
I don't know how the fuck to do this, I usually just advocate crazy or stupid shit to show why some of the oversimplified solutions are stupid
like when I advocated we kick all the Israelis and palastinians out of Israel and move the syrian refugees there.
kill 2 birds with one stone
its clearly an insane and inviable solution and it reflects on that there IS no one solution to the issue
sorry
I'm an idiot ignore my botching that twice
anyway, this guy was supposed to be a wild card candidate like trump also
someone with no political background
except hes also corrupt as fuck
This whole regions politics are fascinating
You've got Hezbollah which is basically the de-facto lebanese government and arguably a bigger powerhouse than the lebanese army itself.
The only difference being Hezbollah is funded by Syria and Iran and as a result has obligations to them also
huh, TIL that superfund site and brownfields aren't universal phrases
I always assumed those terms were consistent
If there was going to be a war in Korea, it sounds like it would've happened
it also sounds like they botched the launch
Had Japan shot back over this it would've been a war, and China likely would NOT have intervened
This is the exact situation China warned North Korea it wouldn't help them with
I hate this country
I've been hearing reports from linemen in california that they should be prepared to drop everything and head to texas in the next few weeks
and this guy can't be arsed to put his multimillion dollar things at risk for something as petty as The Poors
these are the same kind of people who have been filmed as justifying owning two private planes because they didn't want to fly coach where Demons could greet them and interact with them
those demons being his fucking fans as a televangelist
He literally justified it as something god told him to get so he could be above his own congregation.  Not this guy, but one of these megachurch folks
these are the guys who do the whole seed fund thing too
Shiiit
Levee just failed in Housten
A levee is a raised mount of dirt or concrete meant to prevent water from flooding areas around it
they're common in the south with it being mostly swamps and flood plains and act as a last line of defense against flooding
when a levee breaches people die
New Orleans was a big case of levee failure
Awww
The latter ones a bit more serious
and also reflects that CNN constantly botches there live news
Wasn't this supposed to be a constitutional council?
When the fuck did they start trying people for treason?
Religion of peace is just an assinine ironic statement
all religions have massive contention points in them
its your obligation to not use them as an excuse to commit murder
Berkley was both sides, but ANTIFA has become the new scapegoat
And Charlottesville had mostly white supremacy doucheyness
although there were some two way scuffles
bigger problem were the people openly bearing firearms who should have been escorted away
the 2nd amendment does not allow you to be a public menace
Note: Not arrested, just told to either put the guns away or go elsewhere
Glory to Veyshnoria!
(This isn't actually THAT suspicious but why not artificially force outrage)
Christ
When did the ICE become the Gestapo?
MY ANCESTORS ARE SMILING AT ME IMPERIAL!  CAN YOU SAY THE SAME!?
Optimistically
I vote we deorbit the moon into north korea
its the best way to prevent further escalation
You can't escalate further if humanity is extinct
Ahahahaaa
I want to die
This is how you kill people
MK Ultra, Abortion, all the stuff against black people, all the stuff against muslims, all the stuff against Jews, the whole McCarthyism thing, the nuclear experiments...'
defiling the environment, consumerism...
Oh right!  Native american re-education and Japanese internment
thanks for the reminder
@CG where?
Poeple are panicking in Florida?
Floridas basically built to handle hurricanes
what...exactly...is going on in myanamar
Gratz to whoever that was
What the fuck spain
Yes steve bannon, attack religious entities with billions of dollars and millions of representative people in them
this is a great way to go against immigration
Christ, South/Central African rhino poaching rates are down this year
Apparently in one preserve in Kenya more poachers were shot than Rhinos
which I don't know whether thats good or fucked up
This shit actually pisses me off
America needs to crack down on private security forces abusing status.  As a private security escort you have no right to actively impede traffic with your body so that your car can illegally pull in.
I mean, on one hand I do agree the current system in many colleges is stupid
on the other hand its less stupid than it was pre-2011
where the general consensus on rape accusations was either have evidence or get fucked
that was an unfortunate pun and I didn't mean it in that context
another part of the problem is that the sex offender system is stupid as hell.
It currently is pretty much intended to ruin peoples lives and while that is sometimes fair, you can also be added for things such as indecent exposure
the big problem is you need to juggle a statistically significant amount of false allegations (for a variety of reasons) with the dubious consents, the "both parties drunk as fuck", the domestic abuse, and the straight up rape ones
and the systems just not good for that
Perosa, the problem there is that there are quite a few cultures that consider the victim to be the one who fucked up in a rape case, as well as rape appologist families, and also domestic issues where the spouse may legitimately side with the flagrant abusers
They can only block you off from contact with the victim
unless you sexually assault the entire goddamn jewish community...
...
are you seriously implying that we need to homogenize systems at every level of severity of offense and quality of potential punishment?
...
Thats exactly what that means when someone is found innocent in a court of law elara
because we are not judge jury and executioner
we have absolutely no right to judge someone who it is unknown whether or not they actually did what they are accused of
because we are a society of laws, not a society of revenge killings and honor killings.
Mistrial isn't innocent
Yes, because being found liable for something is different from being guilty of a crime
you can be liable for a wrongful death even when that death was not murder, negligent homocide, or manslaughter
Yes, but that is everything wrong with our society that being simply accused of a crime is enough to drag your name through the mud
as thats NOT how the system is meant to go
temporary insanity is a LOT rarer than you think
and if you killed someone 9/10 times you will never see the light of day again
So whats up with the whole Spain Catalon dispute
I thought it was illegal under the EU to refuse a referendum like this
wasn't that the argument used for Scottland at least?
So...are they just going to attempt to confiscate every form of carbon paper or ballet paper in the entirety of Catalon?
Anthony Weiner is a running joke in New York
God damn it
Yes, you have the freedom to have whatever opinion you want in America
and we also have the freedom to consider you an autistic shitlord for your flagrantly racist/sexist/homophobic opinion
er... sorry for misuse of autistic there... its just that its really frustrating to see people arguing that gays shouldn't be allowed to do shit privately or that jews shouldn't live in America and then justify it with the first amendment
thats not how the first amendment works, thats not how any of this woks
Theres been a bunch of insane arguing on the internet and reddit lately
particularly after pewdiepie dropped the N word, a few australian rugby players came out against gay marriage, and the charlottesville crap
Its really annoying too because it ceases to be a free speech rally when everyone starts waving swastikas and tiki torches
it tastes like white privilege and debt.
Theres actually talk that there may be a bipartisan push to regulate the financial monitoring and credit reporting agencies in the next few weeks
which is both amazing and REALLY depressing
This bipartisan push back towards a functioning house of representitives reflects just how much of shit under the Obama administration happened explicitly to spite him
like DACA for example
but yeah
spain is about to go Full Troubles
they've got a very wealthy province that has broached independence for a while, and Spains doing everything in its power to supress them and shaft them
Running polls have majority in support of holding a referendum
Yes, but the majority of Arizona and texas are against it
and if Texas supported independence it'd actually be a complex issue
The majority vote said yes to holding the referendum
even those that do not support the independence
to say no referendum is to actively impede representing your own people
and if catalonia wants to be independent, then there isn't much spain can do to stop them
its being held by the majority of the democratically represented government of the region voting yes
with approval locally and at every level of catalonia government
Yes, this counts as an internal matter for them currently, as referendums are not binding
For spain to argue holding this is unconstitutional is for them to actively refuse to allow democracy to be carried out
That was amended explicitly to fuck them over for this rhet
in 1978 when spain was a fascist country
Yes, and you will remember England was not blameless either
England was NEVER blameless
There IS no way to do it within the system
spain explicitly amended there constitution to prevent this.
That isn't going to happen because the majority of Spain is not pro independence from spain
only the majority of Catalon
Thats like saying that the kurds should try democratically getting independence from Iraq
Or from Turkey
and no, barcelona is NOT against it
they're public actively voted for it too
if you make representing your interests actively impossible and shut down dialogue each time, you shouldn't be suprised when people take alternatives
That is a good question, and would be up to catalonia to resolve
Yes
They need to establish whether or not its the will of the people first
and only then actually work on that, and not if spains constantly summoning 700 fucking mayors to be questioned
or demanding all ballot paper in spain be confiscated
they have there shit together
this was a pretty obvious thing they were voted into office to do
some would say this is explicitly what these people were voted to do
force the issue that spain absolutely refuses to acknowledge
Thats the ONLY way for a peaceful resolution
there is no other peaceful way
Spain wont let there be another peaceful way
because lol unconstitutional
or lol against spains interests
Thats not how any of that works Teruzi
Catalonias interests should NEVER line up with Spains, just like no states interest line up perfectly with American interests
The federal level of interest is only the vaguest of general interests
like not getting nuked into oblivion and not being fucked into poverty
the state level is the one below that
Yes, but spain isn't doing a good job of not getting fucked into poverty
and Barcelona is aware they are paying more than there fair share
for a country they don't neccesarily feel as a part of
so leaving and representing there own interests would be the viable route there
especially as a financially soluable province
New York could theoretically make the same decision if they wanted to (they wont)
but theres a reason why New York gets so much pull in federal government, as does Texas, despite neither being that fuck off huge
Barcelona makes more money than it spends.  That makes them soluable
Its more so that New York likes the benefits of actually having a whole country, and makes money off of West Point and marketing for the rest of the country
You only need one
and barcelona makes a LOT of money
and a LOT of tourism
Singapore
There are multiple countries in Europe smaller than Cataluna
luxenburgh for example
European Union exists for that explicitly
because only countries can be part of the EU
if Cataluna secedes I guarentee you they will immediately join the EU
Barcelona relies on the EU for trade profits
without the EU they cannot trade
and Cataluna also is a major fishing province
@Teruzi, tell that to Switzerland, Luxenburgh, or Azerbaijan
there last referendum was overly in favor
and theres a reason that 80% of the cataluna government is secessionist
and its not because illuminati
?
What french side?
France isn't exactly a stable country
seeing the French idea of protests involves setting shit on fire and throwing rocks through windows
the French side voted no
Spain voted yes
the french side doesn't need to leave also
how does one affect the other?
last I checked the French weren't a part of Cataluna
I don't have that on my keyboard
he probably has a weird ass key for it
much like how the russian keyboard looks like a drunk guy did it
generally you start with I wanna be independence
9/10 independences start with a declaration of intent to be independent
I mean, it worked for America
we handed in one of those and look how that went
Shhhhhhhhh
I mean, England started it
the declaration of independence was not an act of war.
England sending 10,000 troops was an act of war
they totally started it
what about that one irrelevant maple syrupy country?
@Thalia|Arrow, don't they also have a lumber illuminati?
right
@Thalia|Arrow, now I'm sad
I love poutine but it causes me to die inside
Also that was fast
It does reflect sadly on how shafted Obama was that it took 5 seconds of Trump repealing DACA for everyone to realize how awful an idea that was
it helps that Marco Rubios parents don't speak english
pol stole his sanity
Has this kind of plan EVER worked out?
Its been done before I know
Im honestly waiting for the military to say fuck it and stage a proper coup
The government is flagrantly incompetent and stealing what little life venezuala has for there own pockets
Trumps housekeepers threatened to stop doing his laundry for him
oh dear
a popular dietician came out as a vegetarian (and not a vegan) because they love cheese
and all the vegans started throwing a shit fit.
Generally milk cows have it pretty decent
putting high stress on dairy cows lowers life expectancy and more importantly lowers milk capacity and production
Trump is completely incoherent and contradictory with everything atm
As hilarious as the idea of targetting synagogue or jewish deli ads to these people is.  I do gotta agree its a bit fucked.
Really goes into how scary facebook analytics are.
ah, America.  
on the bright side, the update to this is that the federal government is now prosecuting him for hate crimes and hes facing 10 years in prison
Didn't Sarah Palin acknowledge it as one?
x
oops
for those of you who aren't from America, Saint Louis is the 6th most dangerous place to live in America
The most dangerous being East Saint Louis
its an absolute shithole, the police are a borderline gang, and they've got an obscene amount of murder
it says something that Detroit Michigan is considered a safer city.  I don't even know how one begins to fix the pathological problems that plague a place like that either
Well, the US Navy apparently fired another Rear Admiral and a captain
apparently leader of a task force and leader of a destroyer squad respectively
bunch of other people fired, disciplined, or the like but those are the only two big names
Two destroyers colliding with other vessels in two months
17 people died due to that incompetence
not to mention the damage to the destroyers
the actual post-mortem of the two incidents is horrifying too
the captain of the first one averted death by inches or feet and I'm amazed damage control were able to stop the flooding on the second one
or that they saved ANYONE in the crew quaters
regardless, the fact that those two collisions happened suggested the pacific fleet is not combat ready or actually up to US standards
and Mattis + Trump actually cracked down on that heavily, sacking the guy in charge and putting the new guy in charge to unfuck the situation
this is him unfucking it.
the fact that those two people got sacked though is disconcerting, those task forces have some SCARY shit on them and that being in the hands of someone not fit to lead them or incompetent is not a good thought.
This has been a long time coming seeing there was a long term period of people being promoted as legacy commanders (people with relatives in places of power), and many of them were historically awful.
Mix of logistics, discipline, incompetence, and good ole fashion bad luck.
you see it a lot with european navies where they have good tech and people who are theoretically fully trained, highly marked, and qualified, but consistently fail to arrive in the right places at the right times and cause things to get delayed.
mostly because nobody expects a naval war, which bites people in the ass when they get one
Part of why England took such a beating in the Falklands war, even though they won it.
half of the argentinian airforce was nonfunctional
and from historical talk the argentinian pilots still barely were being out flown by the british, had they had full standards it would've been disasterous
from what I know the british actually overestimated argentinian air force readiness in those estimates
true
I'm not arguing they had a chance to win the war, them losing was a foregone conclusion
its just that the shocking part was them managing to actually bloody englands nose in that war, and it not being effectively another Operation Desert storm like you'd expect it to be.
and a good part of that was back into my point, about troop discipline and naval readiness
When people don't seriously expect a war they run serious risk of being taken down by naval forces that are.  Even if those forces are objectively obsolete.
part of why the pacific theatre naval contraversy is actually a big deal, because that region is one of the few that feasibly COULD see a China conflict in the next 20 years.
the big problem was with there best planes and pilots barely having range and the british discovering that they lost air superiority
and the remaining planes that had in flight fueling not having enough fuel planes to use effectively and that the escorts couldn't properly escort.
From what I've read a big part of that was they had cut budget on the Type 42 destroyers and they performed pitifully in actual combat
with it being pure luck the glasglow didnt also sink.
that said, the falklands war discussion is more something we should take to PMs El
Its a fascinating subject though
I love how polandball depicts zimbabwe as being lighter than air and able to fly
a power unique to it due to its special economy
ahaha
Trump blamed Socialism on the problems of venezuala
held for applause, and got silence with possible laughing from luxenbourgh and Kenya
One of the politics channels I'm in actually have a white house press office worker in it.  Not a high level guy but hes been known to occasionally freak out at a breaking trump comment and then leave suddenly
Trump doesnt read from scripts when he should
That'll show them
its okay when the Spainish federal government does it, but not when people protest in response
really instilling order there
Look, at the rate this is going there is going to be a troubles in Catalomain
its only a matter of time with how the government is flagrantly mishandling the situation
This is literally a recipe for how to make the ETA relevant again
I mean, the public was in support of a referendum
not neccesarily independence, but at least a referendum
and this isn't showing the Catalonian people that Spain is going to be responsible and respect there contribution to the country
or treating them like they are actually spanish people and not some rabble beneath Madrid
Spain made it illegal to even go down this avenue to begin with.
If you don't leave a legal pathway for shit like this, you get these kind of things
even texas has theoretical scenarios for this
no there isnt
it goes against the wellbeing of spain by definition and is thus unconstitutional
Yes, I'm sure Catamundi can work up the votes against the entire other majority of spain that doesn't want there cash cow to leave
??
The problem is spain isn't giving them more autonomy
spains going out of there way to grab as much as they can currently
and that shits not going to fly
We had a riot in America because the government tried to arrest someone for committing flagrant arson on public land
because farming rights
and that then escalated to a two month siege
and a shocking amount of those people involved in that were found not guilty
They literally declared the federal government as having no authority over them or that region
and the federal government failed even as they cracked down on it
they got a few people on plea deals but the majority got jury nullified
What Spain is doing will not result in the federal government gaining power, it will result in further backlash and further radicalization.
Pissing off already disenfranchised people is not good practice.
Thats what the opposition was elected to do
the people of Catamaran elected them to do this
they were elected to push for further autonomy and independence
how they do it isn't something care about
see trump
who will drain the swamp by building a multibillion dollar wall, kicking out all the migrant laborers, and leaving NAFTA
Yes, actually.
you elect people based on the promises they make.
and then they get reelected based on how you carry them out
theres a dude in Lousiana who literally violated federal circuit court orders twice and got re-elected to the state supreme court
after being disbarred from it
Independence is a valid increase in autonomy, and under the EU they'd still profit
its all precident, that it doesn't matter how much you are in contempt of court
as long as you are in contempt on behalf of the people you will get elected again
and they're doing exactly what people hired them to do
to stick it to the Spanish central government up until they are taken seriously, and if they wont be they will fuck off with most of spains GDP
Welcome to modern politics, where people are stupid and laws don't matter
I don't
I think the voters do
BREXIT and Trump are flagrant proof that it doesn't matter the obvious ramifications of an action
as long as it sounds good on paper and people THINK it will work out, it'll be popular
I dont see your link?
that shows majority in favor of independence
at least majority as your multi party system sees it
those other options are not the same as against
it shows 34.7 in favor, and only 26.8% against
that poll falls within error
its not statistically significant and the 1.7 does not answer and the 7.8% does not know both potentially sways it here potentially
2.5% is conservative
5% nowadays is more accurate
and 5% both ways + the unknowns and does not knows is enough to throw that poll into doubt
they polled 1500 people for this?
I'm not meshing my narrative, its a statistical grey zone this falls in
hell we saw this with the trump election
where hilary was slated to win by 20% margin, and she lost by a -3% margin
??
doesn't the n=1500 indicate out of all poll options 1500 were randomly picked
to compensate for the fact that people statistically more invested are more likely to answer?
yeah, thats why I'm going with the more heavy margin of error
because with that you've gotta factor more invested folks are more likely to actually vote
I would've missed it if I wasn't taking stats this semester
thats not my point teruz
my point is that polls close enough to merit a referendum
because you can't get an accurate number at that scale from polling
we're simply talking too small a margin
granted in those circumstances people tend not to do a referendum due to chance of failure
but in this case they are confident yes will win.
because they wont get it
Spain knows how precarious the situation is, and those federales aren't stupid
They don't need spain to give them independence
they need spain to provoke enough outrage to force the issue to be mediated by the EU
Yes.  Do you think this poll is going to actually happen teruzi?
Its not, the Spanish government is going to declare martial law or declare it an illegal gathering and send national guard through major population centers
they've already dropped MPs in raids
exactly teruzi
this will happen and it will cause backlash
and then you're going to get The Troubles two the electric bougaloo
Yes!
This is modern politics!
and ALL politics for the matter
They don't need a justification, they need outrage
I'm a Jew, we're generally pro minority ethnicities getting there own fair country to represent them
regardless of the majority
Part of why I also support Kurdistan
not giving people fair represetation causes awful things to happen
It might cause another Troubles, but a big part of that requires the government to legitimately be this incompetent
and its not showing the Spanish government in a good light
They're watching there cash cow walk out the door and are barricading the door
None of that matters, it just matters that this shit happens due to a serious lack of government confidence
and the Catalopes are feeling they are putting way too much money into Spain for what they are getting out of it
gross domestic production?
catalonia is only 6.5% of spains population
without them they lose a LOT of money by population.
The EU can't afford for it not to
they did the same with Scottland
where (Pre-Brexit) they mediated a referendum
that England was obligated to go with
that voted majority no
yes
they didn't know shit
just like they didn't know the brexit vote results before it came out
they had a good suspicion, but that wasn't a given
Surveys aren't guarentees
surveys said clinton would win strongly in the 2016 election
and somehow EVERYBODIES surveys were wrong
she won the popular vote and lost everywhere that mattered
yes, but they can still correlate that by voting district to predict electoral results
there was supposed to be a 20 point gap
there was a 3 point gap instead
hell, closer even
Yes
but thats why allowing referendums is risky
even if you think you know what will happen, you don't know it is going to happen until it does
The point is thats why Catalon is forcing the issue, either spain lets them hold it and they maybe win, or Spain doesn't and they provoke enough outrage and destabilization that the EU steps in
and if the EU steps in by that point there WILL be enough outrage that it will go through
dude
I'll bring it here
anyway, the thing is is that suicide requires an active choice and an active decision, the difference between suicide and an accidental death is intent
and if you hang a noose and shove your neck into it because you're curious what would happen, thats not suicide
by extension auto-erotic asphyxiation is a form of suicide
but you had a clear intent to do harm to yourself
he had a degenerative mental illness and lacked the ability to consiously choose to kill himself
no, they've put themself into a compromised state
at that point they are negligent due to allowing themselves access to an automobile under the influence, but they are no longer in control of there actions
It is
terminal illness if you want
thats just semantics at this point
Not really
??
Depression is BOTH
it CAN be one or the other
but it almost always is both
it totally can be
its a negative feedback loop
You lose capacity to experience joy
thats loss of functionality
christ
What the fuck is it with the Turkish security forces and brutality on US soil
they attacked protestors in a speech in NYC
didn't beat them as badly as last time, but enough to piss off the NYPD a bit
the people from last time got arrest warrants on them
if they ever enter an American territory again they will be detained (they wont)
so there WAS a consequence.
I find it amusing that the entire NBA and NFL are now anti-trump
ANOTHER ONE
Migrant ban act
at least the 4chan vote will support it
it does ban chads
Internet joke.  Chad is a country in Africa
currently embroiled in the same mass conflict an instability of all of central Africa
A chad is a derogatory term that 4chan uses to refer to normal popular people
as stereotyped by 2007 style television
Either way, The new migrant ban still doesn't account for goddamn refugee status or actually explain it
and bans bussiness visas which is insane as those are generally pretty well vetted
and are actual skilled laborers
Iraq's prime minister has warned he will take "necessary measures to preserve the unity of the country".
good luck with that
It also urged other countries not to buy oil from the Kurdistan region, but instead to deal only with the government on "oil and borders". Oil is one of of the Kurdistan region's main exports.
Good luck with that also
if they couldn't stop people from buying oil from ISIS they can't stop people from buying oil from the kurds, especially when Israel already acknowledged them
Granted, one could argue that crit failing social rolls with consistency is arguably a trump power
on one hand this is great, on the other hand "Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy, authors of the bill, had offered to boost federal healthcare funds by 43% in Maine.
"
What the fuck
Sirhan Sirhan would be proud
American politics are a mess
Also Russia and its bag of fun
Serbia is constantly advocating genocide on half of its neighbors
and the annexation of the other half
isn't poland going fascist too?
they had some weird abortion ruling'
"race is a slow-burning issue in the background rather than a political battleground and policing issue"
lol no
Europes got a massive problem of islamophobia, African fear, and yellow terror
not to mention the dead gypsey horse that is constantly being beaten
you guys literally let africans die by the dozens in the Mediterranean without anyone caring to actually simplify the system for them
the whole mass migrant death thing is easily resolvable but nobody wants to acknowledge people get over that way
so instead everyones content to let them all die en mass and then deal with them as they show up
We aren't there immediate neighbors, thats not Americas responsibility
now, Venezuala and central American refugees, I fullheartedly agree are a problem
but you can't say racism is not playing a role in the staggering amount of people dying in the med sea atm
It assassinated Princess Diana
Can we dump virtue signalling while we are at it
the words purely used by douchebags to dismiss legitimate commentary
Uhhhhh, isn't this a war crime?
to intentionally attempt to starve regions?
The fuck?
I must have missed it, but apparently my campus got hit by Vanguard America
not exactly sure what they wanted to accomplish seeing I'm one of the top 10 most conservative people on campus and I qualify as a liberal
so its not exactly like theres a lot of racial tension or racism to encourage
thats not a suprise
if it went to vote its dead
if they wait its...still pretty dead
I'm not quite sure what they were actually expecting
Susan collins was never going to vote yes, McCains made it clear he will only vote on an actual properly worded properly made bill
and not one that was slapped together and is being pushed by sheer virtue of it being the only one on the table
and ted cruz is pissed off it doesn't actually repeal obamacare
"They were fighting for our country," he said, "they were fighting for our flag, they were fighting for our national anthem.
gonna be honest trump.  I think those veterans weren't thinking about the national anthem when they went to war
the country, probably, the flag, maybe, but the anthem??
yES
Yes
the one where it was Luthor Strange Versus a guy who thinks abortion is a crime against humanity and that Transgenders have declared war on America
guess which one got elected
wasn't it a snub nose .22 also, like the one used to kill Kennedy?
Can we please kick Alabama out of America and replace them with Puerto Rico?
At least Puerto Rico contributes something to America
because he wouldn't stop refusing to enter the 21st century
Puerto Rico is a poor country, but they've got some actual decent bussiness folk who have come from there, a bit of tropical agriculture, and a suprising amount of decent migrants to mainland america
some descendents of Puerto Rico or Puerto ricans have gone shockingly high in American government for the territory
eh, territory
they're not quite a state and not quite a proper territory even though they are one
when you compare them to Guam and Samoa
they don't quite want to become a state and the government doesn't quite want them to either
plus we'd have to swap out all the damn flags
the EU still need to get the scraper out to remove the extra star soon
This is why the south needs to rise again
the confederate flag doesn't need to swap out flags whenever a state joins or leaves
er... confederacy*
hey, white genocide is a real and serious problem...
if you are from the former soviet state of Yugoslavia.
Or Ireland
pretty much anywhere else and you have no excuse
maybe Chechnya too?
Chechnya and Crimea are still having problems from what I hear
granted thats also not what people think of when they go on racial rants about white genocide
and none of those are even close to the same scenario
wasn't the last major ethnic cleansing in Ireland under two centuries ago?
the famine counts
If you've read up on the Irish potato famine the issue wasn't the lack of food, it was the lack of affordable food.  It would've been trivial for England to stop it immediately, they just didn't bother under the belief that if they couldn't afford to save themselves they didnt deserve to be saved
The thing was is that England actively prevented people from raising funds or food to go to Ireland
and New Orleans was a massive government negligence scenario, and it would've been a genocide if the coast guard didnt step in
not as much as you think
there was a big never again vibe from katrina
and it forced a massive revamp of hurricane response and disaster response
state gov fucked up and tried to handle it alone with no competence
failed miserably and didnt coordinate with local entities
and then tried to blueball the feds out of it while people died in the streets
bush finally said fuck it and authorized the coast guard, although theres a very persistent rumor they gave him an ultamatum there
that they were deploying one way or the other and if bush didnt authorize it'd
but yeah, the difference is with the potato famine they held meetings on this
and were well aware that people would die due to there actions
but due to the big oligarchy period England was in, they decided that poor lives didnt matter
especially poor catholic ones
the tatars are getting fucked hardcore in Crimea
brb
back
Jesus fucking christ
these guys got banned from twitch for this, but you have to appreciate how close this became to a lethal incident
theres a story about bounty hunters and why they probably shouldnt be a thing here, on top of the thing about why you don't road rage like that because you never know if they will fucking pull a gun on you
this is was a livestream in twitch.tv irl of some bounty hunters doing there job
guy got honked at and started drawing his fucking sidearm before his passenger stopped him (coworker)
not soon enough to avoid him implicating himself for reckless handling of a firearm if they decided to pursue it though
actually, not sure if thats a crime in georgia
georgia doesnt have a brandishing law and so far all I have is the VA criminal code on that which says handling a firearm in any manner that puts life and limb at risk by recklessness is illegal
??
who?
ah
What happened?
ah
right
ah yes
Obama is a truely awful human being who supports equal rights, literacy, transgenders, gay rights, and generally helping out the underprivledged
and acting as living proof that you don't neccesarily need to be white to be president or any other childhood dream
granted, as trump proves you don't need to not be a piece of flaming garbage either
the donald is only in existence because the admins don't want to make national headlines again
and I'm pretty sure they are tracking the bot nets
People think transgenders there and assume transvestites
and also a lot of those states DO have a high rate of sexual assault
so they need a scapegoat of some kind
and rather than... you know... blaming pedophiles and shit they blame the trans movement
hell, my grandmother went on with that last night about how shes so happy the "fags" are finally getting the right to get married
yup
but muh pizza
when 4chan refers to pizza delivery and cheese pizza they never meant it literally goddamn it
I still dont get why they hate Podesta so much
you see, you gotta filter your conspiracies
I personally like to follow the RnD Conspiracies and some of the espionage shit as that tends to be accurate more than you think
but a lot of its just insanity
theres actually a really fun conspiracy that the government has RnD'd clay pigeon drones
that is, drones meant to have the same radar cross section as bombers
so you could fly em in formation and bait out SAM missiles and interceptors while your actual bombers go wherever
as 9/11 proved it doesn't matter what your airforce resources are if they're 200 miles the wrong direction.
Y'all follow the UN discussion on the Kashmir dispute?
Pakistani delegates displayed a photo of a wounded PALISTINIAN child as proof of indian warcrimes
and india repeatedly called Pakistan Terroristan
yes
nothing of note was accomplished
Breaking news: ISIS claims credit for Hurricane Harvey
Didn't both ISIS and the Taliban claim credit for an airfield assault in Afganistan?
despite that thats impossible as there soldiers hate each other with a passion?
the downside is them looking like jackasses, granted its far too late for them already
"Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría condemned the "mafia" behaviour of those protesters who had earlier gathered around hotels housing Spanish police officers and demanded that they leave."
"On Tuesday, Spanish Interior Minister Juan Ignacio Zoido said: "We see how day after day the government of Catalonia is pushing the population to the abyss and inciting rebellion in the streets.""
They use those words, I don't think they know what they means
What they mean*
mafia behavior would be fire bombing the hotel or threatening police officer families, not protesting outside the hotel telling the officers to leave
They might be coming from the "catalon sparked the whole thing" argument, but that lost water when they fucked up there police response royally
nothing says we respect you as citizens and want to do good for you like sending black-clad balaclava wearing riot police into every major school they could
oh no, why did I open bbc comments section
where someone equated the spanish socialist party to nazis and completely misundertand socialist vs national socialist
also @Rhet yeah, votes in doubt because people aren't going to vote to say no in those circumstances, but that definitely falls more on Spains ass for being the ones who created a toxic polling environment and scared away its own supporters
along with that they've also taken actions that have turned those who would've settled with a bit more autonomy into now wanting the Spanish gone
gotta remember that the majority of people who are going to go out to a referendum with a police response like that are going to be voting yes
same reason they used to schedule polling in the middle of the work week in rich neighborhoods in the morning
so that they could keep minorities and poor people away as they couldn't afford transport or to get off work
and likely had children they needed to get to school anyway
Which was where spain shafted themselves
That referendum has meaning, and that vote does suggest a large population percentage wants to vote for independence and even more so now that they pulled bloody sunday 2 the electric bogaloo
At least this time the state of emergency got declared quickly
not sure about that weird stupid nautical shipping law though
or what its actual purpose continues to be
Trumps making a huge ass of himself atm apparently
treating this like a rally
Ah, gotta love that one guy on every "thoughts and prayers" post that says "they totally arent real anyway"
sure, 59 people are dead and nothing we can do will bring em back, but at least you got your two cents about how someones sympathy is worth less than yours in
uhhhhh
What the fuck, I didn't realize reagan and the rest of them were shot with goddamn LEAD AZIDE tipped bullets
This is amazing
P45 is a redundancy notice, aka what you get when you get fired in the UK apparently
Been watching some more kurdish combat footage
one of them had a guy who was a relatively smooth sharpshooter and definitely had a non-middle eastern non near-eastern accent
guys names on the original video as it was uploaded with the footage, can only find one country that uses it, and it matches his accent.  Dudes Polish
theres only 92 kurds registered in Poland so I doubt hes kurdish, plus his skin tones wrong for it.  Really weird how much diversity you get in this conflict now
my guess with the guy would be polish ex-military?
they do NATO rotations so its quite possible.
actually I'm a moron, its all on his youtube channel
damn it
Ah, gotta love that Russias doing this, and having ceased publishing non-wartime casualty reports as a way of covering up active war crimes
such as the invasion of ukraine disguised as a civil war
So, last night I discovered Serbia produces a suprisingly large amount of firearms
and a strange quantity of them have made it into Kurdish hands somehow
Seeing the Serbian relationship with Turkey this is not suprising
So update, the Zastava black arrow is NOT a known weapon in the military of either Iraq, Syria, or IS.
and Amnesty had a pretty comprehensive IS armament write up
Iraq doesn't even have an anti material sniper in its doctrine
?
but yeah, I can't see how a black arrow could end up in kurdish hands without being given to them, and America wasnt supplying those
ah right
wow, SERBIA made that reference!?
So yeah, theres at least three different black arrows in use by the kurdish
so how are they getting them, those things aren't cheap and they sure as hell aren't going through America, Iraq, or Turkey
Wow, you know its egregious when the NRA decide to propose an actual ban on something
aaaaa
Yeah, its stupid and sadly this is not a fight that will go to congress
There are people in America who can't afford to eat and get food through charity
guess which Americans also are in the most dire need of affordable contraceptives
One of the lovely cheaper alternatives just got recalled and is the subject of a massive lawsuit in England atm
right Elar?
That implant meant to prevent pregnency
that caused people to need to get there uterus's removed due to scarring?
just was all over the news like a week ago?
You do realize both America and England are male lead societies and that its literally engrained in human culture to have sex with your SO
theres a whole complex comparative psych justification for why its unrealistic to say "just dont have sex"
Both Mega
However I am not sure female would be the right descriptor for the PM
awwww
I was going to bash her for ineptitude and actively driving turning england into a dumpster fire
What about Margaret Thatcher and Whatshername from Congress
that Republican women who is vehemently opposed to abortion
for reasons
are you sure they aren't lizard people like hillary?
Obligatory reminder the poor are the most likely to need contraceptive care
and also that surgical long term ""cheaper"" solutions for people who can barely afford or cannot afford healthcare is basically eugenics
condoms are not 100% effective and assume the people who are using them know how
and since sex ed is not mandatory in America...
or, sorry, abstinence only is still a legally valid sex ed program
@Lacks, how many people just *forget* to wear a condom
the knife cuts both ways
you also have to balance making sure the poor can reproduce with that
because if you're just offering vasectomies and not educating people on the consequences you're being extremely unethical also
So, apparently ISIS soldiers have been surrendering en mass
and judging by how many have claimed to be cooks it is apparent why they are losing the war
clearly they've spoiled the broth
There is literally a supreme court precident over this
its absolutely illegal to expel people for this
That suit wont go in the schools favor
someone got briefly expelled in texas for sitting during the pledge
before the principal likely spoke to a department of education lawyer who then freaked the fuck out
because its a legislated and ruled on issue that this is illegal
might have an argument, except not for expelling the student and especially not because the supreme court explicitly stated students are not obligated to stand for the pledge
first amendment protected, you have a right not to pledge allegence to America
which is once again an overstep
thats not how any of that works
This comes after a US consulate worker in Istanbul was held last week on suspicion of links to a cleric blamed for last year's failed coup in Turkey.
That cleric is completely irrelevant in reality you know
he literally is just a scapegoat
Wait, does this mean he understands rick and morty?
Also why is this man our president
@mib_358nzz1, DACA aren't illegal immigrants like you're thinking
for one, you've gotta realize that some countries incentivize illegal immigration due to there own shitty policies that America doesn't account for
such as Peru which will penalize you for 2 months for every month you spend abroad
so if you spent 4 years in America getting an education...
thats 8 years you will not be allowed to leave peru if you return
It doesn't help that the ICE is an unethical agency
we've seen them repeatedly go out of there way to target politically active individuals in the migrant community
as well as shafting people for trying to transfer cities for a job
In New York City theres a warning system of where ICE have been actively spotted
the school district has actively sworn to refuse access to ICE
State police aren't responsible for migrant stuff
migrant law is a strictly federal branch of government
so state police dont have jurisdiction on it
Which is why whatshisname pardoned asshole was charged
Just as the federal government can't regulate zoning law, your state government cannot regulate immigration
they can choose to actively wash there hands of it and not even tell the people whose jurisdiction it is whats going on though
sanctuary city is a grey area too, and technically ICE can violate it, but the thing is then the state government starts shafting the feds
we might see that this election cycle too, as the state republicans are very pissed at the federal republicans
so the state party groups may push there candidates for the next cycle or jerrymander against themselves for congress
more importantly, ohio is one of the states with a pissed state majority (republican) that may actively shaft the federal group
Its not, but enforcing it would be
the police are totally allowed to check immigration status and tell the feds
but they're also not legally obligated to
So many local PDs will refuse to do so and publically state so to keep the immigrant community from not calling in crimes out of fear of being detained
Thats not what I said
its that immigrants wouldn't report crimes because they were afraid of being deported
we're talking the VICTIMS of crimes, not the criminals
they would be afraid to report them, afraid to come forward as witnesses, and such
they dont do those either, because they're being punished in house with this wonderful thing called prison
a magical place people go to where they are kept in a 6x 8 room for years
@Brut, yes, which was to stop people from being thrown out of moving vehicles at the ER
People have been deported after testifying in court or rallies
thankfully several people such as Ted Cruz and Marco rubio are recent generation americans
with Rubio having parents that dont speak english
You wont be charged for having drugs on you if you call for an ambulance because somebody is dying of drug usage
Pretty sure strategically ODing your friends when the police are about to bash the door down doesn't work
its not like you can have them burst in with you with a syringe in one hand and a phone in another and them going "well shit nothing we can do now lol"
its more so that people whose judgement is already questionable wont make a poor judgement decision and turn a situation tragic
Not really... that'd be attempted murder
and very obvious
would you rather teenagers die of alcohol poisoning or drug ODs?
The only way that happens is if you make the world an orwellian hellscape, and nobody wants to go full orwell
and 3) thats not how we as a species or natural selection work
Dude, you can't call it that anymore
Actually no, that jokes gonna get me scolded again
Dude, this isnt intentional self harm and that kind of judgement does bad thing
Thats absolutely wrong
Many drugs are either done as escape, as a social action, or for self enjoyment
they're rarely done explicitly to harm yourself if ever
they're also done for self medicating
none of those are intentional self harm
Dude, skiing and football are harmful
as is speeding on the highway
are you saying we shouldn't ski, play football, and drive fast on the highway as its intentional self harm and anything that happens is on us?
in his defense, we don't KNOW it was marijuana
it could've been something like heroin or cocaine or meth
we just know it was drugs and drug paraphernalia
and evidently an illegal concealed firearm
@Brut, I mean, there was a case in Texas where a guy running a drug lab out of his house killed a cop and got acquitted
the police did a no knock raid on him and he shot the first one through the door thinking it was a home intruder
they actually found him innocent on castle law
he still got 10 years for all the other stuff they found and the illegal firearm
but they found him innocent on murdering a police officer!
part of why no knock raids are discouraged
because up until the police identify themselves they are fair game according to castle law
as long as a reasonable person would consider it a self defense event
but yeah, note the big difference is the guy who got indicted was black, but it is interesting that the jury universally agreed the police fucked up the raid
not only did they not detain the guy away from the house with three goddamn rifles in it, but they also knew it was a small scale grow op and also moved in wrong
also have to note he nearly blew his fiances head off
Hey, the moment scion decided to emulate human emotions he decided to fucking blast an entire country
that says something
that was a GTA reference, on record
in #weaverdice
the its legal and elementary school rant was what trevor was shouting while he waterboarded a dude on behalf of the CIA
or was it FBI, not sure
Why am I here?
twitters a dumpster fire and everyone knows it
Is... is that legal?
no news yet
hasnt happened yet
and that sounds dubiously constitutional if at all
we could easily immediately see a court injunction against that EO
its an Executive order, it doesn't go through any review system
it just gets declared
Yes
congress could also pass a law declaring the specific executive order illegal
EOs are mostly just meant to give general directives to law enforcement and military
or other federal agencies, the DREAMER thing was an overreach (granted telling the ICE to just not arrest them would be legal) and this almost certainly is too
as Trump doesn't get to declare state-federal interactions like this
thats just not his job
they've made it clear they were always intending to sabotage it
thankfully thats failing badly.
also if the republican party puts up a shit storm they will lose the next presidential election
gotta remember the guy who controls the gerrymandering in Ohio is a state republican that is pro obamacare
and has repeatedly condemned the republican party for putting his constituants at risk
and Ohio is a keystone election state
them and New Hampshire but New Hampshires a dumpster fire
Hes not going to do shit the goddamn supreme court ruled on this
hell, he got called a moron the other day for the nuclear comment in the pentagon
which apparently horrified everone in the room
Thankfully thats not how that works
the FCC would say no if he told them to do that
Oh shit
Turkey put out a warning that, regardless of ship flag, all vessels coming from Crimea are to be refused port entry
departing to also
Ah, nothing like stumbling into kurdish propaganda of them blowing up an M1117 being used by ISIS
Goddamn ISIS in a fucking M1117, how much incompetence must have happened for that series of events to occur
I wouldn't exactly call firefighting logistics politics
theres no politics in a fuck off huge ball of flaming inferno
Wasn't really blame game, was figuring out what went wrong
we're into the night now and the fact that this is the highest fatalities of any county in the current fire series is damning in itself
I was saying I'm hearing people on the grounds in california saying that
eh, in most FDs you get whole analysises of any and all LODDs that occur
its never The gov't fucked up
the situations way too complex for that
the question is is it a new orleans style communication break down
or if its a departmental incompetence situation or a point failure or early warning system projection or something
because something went wrong
in an optimal scenario people don't die in these fires and people get out ahead of time with hours to spare
[19:49:12]  <Jyggalag>	it sounds like the state government dropped the ball
[19:49:41]  <Jyggalag>	they failed to order voluntary or mandatory evacuations in a region in an attempt to avoid panic
[19:49:53]  <Jyggalag>	queue the fire being very aggressive and the containment failing
[19:50:18]  <Jyggalag>	and now you've got people being evacuated by local police and fire department as they both panic and peoples goddamn neighbors being the ones warning them to get the fuck out
[19:50:43]  <Jyggalag>	the local police and fire did a good job by the looks of it and they went well above and beyond the call of duty but it sounds like people PROBABLY died because of this
[20:00:08]  <Jyggalag>	22 casualties in sonoma county (the one the state dropped the ball in)
my theory on this is that they tried to mistakenly apply texas's evacuation strategy to this situation
as it worked out VERY well for texas when they only ordered evacuations in a small handful of areas due to direct levee failures
which saved lives and prevented panic, coupled with the very coordinated coherent mixed department and civilian response
Thats exactly when you need coordination
you may need deligation too, but you need to know who is where and what is going on
especially when its a fire with an actual potential to hit housing
 is a pretty good map of current fires
interesting to note is that you guys have done a VERY good job containing the fires that really could've caused apocolyptic level death rates
Something like that, if you look around Sacramento you notice that any fire with an even remote chance of hitting them will be either 100% contained or in progress and getting there
with forest fires contained and out are two different things as the areas that caught fire may smoulder for over a month
that makes a lot of depressing sense actually
thats been a recent trend in the past 2-3 years of people getting rid of landlines in exchange for a synced up mobile phone
the problem is any system like that is going to be comedically exploitable
doesn't that also rely on the cell towers?
I thought it was 3g on the same network the usual 911 routing goes through
theres a bunch of easy technical workarounds such as emergency specific nets being put up but that'd be the pricy solution
and money is scarce in California
or more accurately you all have things that need money far more than an alternate emergency notification system
On the bright side, local forces did admirably
hell, some of the fire departments participating are goddamn town departments not even kitted for that style of work
Uhh... I'm hearing people repeatedly insisting they absolutely were NOT told to evacuate
Different server node chat room, I'll see if the guy claiming has a link
I mean, they had to make a judgement call based on a guestimate of what chance things had of gettting worse
and then what chance of the fire beelining towards buildings was
They just rolled poorly here
the question is where the mistake was and why
Fighting has begun in Iraq
Apparently there are active combat between the peshmerga and shia militias
got a first hand source currently
Fucking hell
When your goddamn Disaster Staging site is on fire you know shits fucked
Christ, video from firefighters from Berkley in Santa Rosa was posted last night
sounds like things really escalated quickly, especially since the lack of data they got suggests the 911 call centers were over-burdened
they'd only be being that brief if they were busy funneling other 911 calls and dealing with all the active disasters on the ground and had started ""triaging"" phonecalls
Nooooooo
Rick Perry-Strong is no longer viewable on his youtube account
What the fuck
This is one of the better stories I've heard of a north korean emigrant actually managing, and she experienced goddamn kidnapping, rape, blackmail, forced marriage, and fucking sexual SLAVERY
Interesting to note
Most people that live by the Chinese border know that the propaganda is fake. They have a lot of exposure to foreign media that is smuggled in through China. The people that believe the propaganda usually live in secluded areas with little access to outside media.
Quote from the AMA
This supports the theory that the popular media and and government assessments of North Korean indoctrination are objectively incorrect
especially if the main smuggling routes for foreign media are China and not South Korea
as there is no effective way to stop that inflow without strangling Chinese trade
It also supports the uncomfortable, yet likely, theory that the big reason the South Korean and US government do not want reintegration isn't the indoctrination issue or the China thing (which is legitimately a concern) but, rather, is the infrastructure costs
I mean, I've never heard it said as clearly and I've definitely misunderstood the smuggling routes a bit
For some reason I still was thinking back to the 2003 documentaries on chinese borders despite knowing better for years
on the other hand, we're talking actual human lives and South Korea could use the labor forces anyway
Japan could too but thats not how Asias politics work
Which is a shame, because they do have there interesting contributions to make like any group
they're human beings and they aren't indoctrinated husks of people, they have something to contribute
unless you don't believe human lives matter
in which case lets just nuke everything, its a pretty solid solution and our anti-nuke systems can PROBABLY tank the majority of the inbound nukes
Not as difficult as people make out
NSFW Possible gore 
Active multistream of Kirkuk live news
ignore the chat its overrun with /pol/
uhhhhh
thats an Iraqi M109 that the kurdish are standing on celebrating
there are 24 M109s in ownership of Iraq
Ah, since this is relavent in class atm
Should things be protected because we appreciate them?
Hey lacks
eh, GI acting up
He has literally no political capital at this point
Ah, remember Obama who didn't even televise the fact that he personally spoke with every sandy hook victims parents and offered condolences
those were the days
Cool story bro
Trumps idea of playing nice isn't playing nice and his idea of fighting dirty is probably getting impeached
what is he going to do to McCain that he can actually get away with?
as is attacking McCain is a fools errand
What the fuck is Trump trying to go with for James Kellys son
thats just asking for the military to straight up condemn you
Nobody has said anything on it because Obama DIDNT publicize his meetings with vicims of violent events like that
he met with them on his own time without announcing it
this is common knowledge if you want to dig for it but its not publicized in the media because Obama explicitly asked it not be and it wasn't a scandal so the media was okay with that
The saddest part here, is that Khamenei isn't wrong...
Goddamn dog, it had its whole career lined up at the CIA, thats a dream job with a great dental, healthcare, and 401k package, not to mention the break rooms
how could you ruin an opportunity like that for employment, most of us don't even get a shot like that
Excuse me what
no seriously Trump, what the fuck is wrong with you
he'd give himself a 10
the republican heavy puerto rico voting block however...
thats the one he actually should care about.
because when they tell trump to go fuck himself, Florida will too
and it will effect Texas and the carolinas too, to a lesser extent.
So are they seriously still going through with the net neutrality vote?
its seemed incredibly unpopular
they're voting on it, it has to be noted that anti-net neutrality stances are REALLY toxic and if they vote based off of the blatant bot traffic they will get fucked
especially since congress has already scolded them on that
I mean as in its such an unpopular stance even the telecoms companies can't afford to stand by it
being anti-net neutrality is political suicide for congress
because you will be opposed not only by grassroots but also by lobby money from literally every company that relies on the internet in any meaningful manner
that includes banking now
@Alybad, no, Comcast is totally supporting net neutrality, they're just not a fan of being forced to comply with it on all these strict anti-competitive laws
and would rather that part that actually allows penalties for violating net neutrality clauses be revoked
totally not anti net neutrality TM
Even they can't afford to openly say they are anti net neutrality at this point, because it costs them influence with government to do so and makes them seem like douchebags
as is they're a toxic name to be affiliated with
Ahaha
if its been there for 80 years this should've been trivial
sounds like trump got conned
This wont end well for kore
korea*
Well, its official
Syria is the ONLY country on earth to not have signed or been pressured into the Paris Accords
Americas a grey area atm since we technically haven't officially opted out or stopped paying dues yet
even if Trump has pledged not to cooperate with its demands (which there is no penalty clause for)
There is no penalty clause
@Marigold, for one, north koreas a bit irrelevant to it as due to the state of its economy North Koreas carbon emissions are negligible, and second, China is a signatory on it, and China basically owns North Korea.  So north korea will be pressured into these restrictions as well, which means literally nothing as North Korea doesn't produce enough carbon emissions to be relevant
@Ellardy, the other big thing is monetary contribution
which is actually useful
and also China actually does care about this subject anyway as its environmental problems are directly harming peoples health now
and being rich doesn't help as much as you'd think when the air and water are literally poison, as is the street food.
I do love how ever since the 1970s people have been predicting the world would become a resource depleted hellscape
yet only now, as of 2015, has anyone actually cared
Or go back and tell Hilary what happens if she didn't drop out
all the horrible things that will happen
Welp, yet another group of anti-semetic pieces of shit got arrested in Damascus
hearing conflicting reasons as to why it happened but regardless one of them got charged with assault and battery + Disorderly conduct and the other just got disorderly conduct
so swift justice
What about jared fogel?
Ahahaha
No, Trump, that was 4chan also
it was literally a /pol/ job because a bunch of people on /pol/ got fedup with the constant donald trump support spam and decided to make a conspiracy theory scandal for him also
which was pissgate because they wanted to make a golden gate joke
his obsession with it is confusing actually
in comeys testimony trump directly brought up pissgate also
The Russian collusion is almost certainly real
and I'm shocked nobody has been actually arrested yet
I've been here over a year
We're ultra right wing
Only christian principles allowed here
but only the right form of christianity
we are a family IRC here
We're going to build a wall and make Puerto Rico pay for it
Huh, I think I aced the test 
now I am actually curious about what value I'll get when I pull it up seriously
But yeah, when I'm being serious I actually like to bring in decent moderate views into places
not every issue is as simple as leftist and rightist and sometimes everyone can get stuck on them
Are those two values even compatible?
Thats my actual serious answers
heh
I'm arguably closer to alt left or alt alt left
the unironical communists and anarchists annoy me and I feel a lot of the traditional left oversimplifies issues or manages to go so far into social acceptence they actually full circle back into racism
I'm a fritatta
neo-conservative has a poor meaning now due to how its been dragged through the mud
Yes, wherein hobby lobby has its own corporate deathsquad
what is worm?
Nothing to see here
feh
theres been a vandalism spree going on in NYC
Theres been an odd back and forth vandalism war between white supremacist and white-extinctionists
both sides are batshit crazy and both sides are kind of being douchey
also one of our new mayor candidates attempted to hijack a plane when completely insane and apparently is shocked nobody actually put up a fuss about it
People vandalized a statue of Theodore Roosevelt with crimson red paint and a "Decolonize the city" message
I dont know which group you put them into but thats as anti-white as it gets, to the literal insane helter skelter levels of stupid
Don't get me wrong, I'm not thrilled with the white supremacists either, but spraypainting swastikas on synagogues isnt a rare occurance, it happens to the point where the police and synagogues have kind of made an art of cleaning that mess up
So, ignoring that ALL of there interpretations are hilariously racist and incorrect, /pol/ IS actually good at finding interesting JFK documents
and holy shit there are a lot of insane people that were on the Social Security interest list
(Also jesus fuck did they HAVE to abbreviate themselves to S.S. so often!?)
there was also a dude who was schizophrenic as shit and got close enough to HAND JOHN F KENNEDY A FUCKING LETTER  what the fuck secret service
Granted, they also discovered one of the employees at a cathedrel that LBJ visited on occasion had an employee that actually straight up murdered their commanding officer in WWII and somehow got paroled
Yes
Secret service shorthand their name to S.S. when talking about their investigations into various peoples
also there are a LOT of crazies who attempt to talk with the president
one believed that ford motor company was trying to destroy their brain with colors
Also there were a few interesting bits where the secret service SERIOUSLY fucked up
such as those listed above and a bunch of bizarre nazi shit they never bothered with
also was at least one fifth grader on the list because they sent a letter saying "you're doomed" to the president
and someone who believed they were god and another guy that thought they were president
Currently reading a weird Q and A document from some CIA dude who claimed that LBJ said it was Karmedic Justice because Kennedy had ordered president Diem of Vietnam assassinated
it lists three individuals in this and the other two are Castro and Trujillo.  In case there was a doubt the president was unaware of what the CIA was doing at the time.
no, to make her win
hes just that popular
Huh, thats an interesting conspiracy theory I'm reading
of Lee harvey oswald had a connection to the CIA, either was a semi-credible informant or a periphery agent.  And also was crazy as shit and killed JFK of his own accord
seeing how many mentally ill informants pop up in records I could believe it
plus it'd explain CIA panicking
This is a mess at the moment on reddit.
Also yeah, this is gonna be troubles 2 and at this point everyones responsible
EU washed there hands and allowed this mess
Spains been mildly fascist and inept as hell
and Catalon is being catalon
also America is too unstable to do anything or say anything or contribute meaningfully
only suprise is that Theresa may isnt taking this opportunity to bail from the EU and leave them fucked on two fronts
Thats part of this whole thing
Spains doing things uncomfortable similar to what they did under franco
and they are going to cause the ETA to come back
also the EU washing there hands of it is a responsibility choice
they could have chosen to seat these people down and make them actually hash this out like adults
instead they chose lol internal issue
We saw this shit with Syria and we will see it again
They DO have a leg to stand on regardless
seeing that the alternative is rioting and terrorism by ignoring them
That doesn't make it not the EUs fault when the terrorism starts
they could've stopped it, they chose not to
Fucking finally
it only took a month
As someone who fully believes Puerto rico should be a formal State in America, it actually kind of horrifies me that the current situation there is one of the strongest sucession arguments I've ever seen
A country failing to provide fundamental vital utilities to its protectorate territory
it'd be the equivalent of if England cut off oil shipments to the Falklands
Puerto rico doesn't quite want to be independent but America doesn't quite want them as a state
>We invade mexico on the grounds of needing more states
I love that trump picked a fight with goddamn Michael Moore
the only person more aggressive on twitter with a more rabbid fanbase than trump
who objectively was the worst idea to pick a fight with
This is how the FBI disassembles gangs
they did the same thing for the World Soccer Federation
where they got a dude on tax evasion, got him to roll over on others, and then charged a ton of middle and upper people until they finally got shit on the guy at the top
Does trump even understand how email works?
I bet you he even uses one of those auto assigned alphanumerical passwords as opposed to an actual sane one
and he writes it down on his desk
WOOT
Now we can stop disputing dumb shit and get back to committing flagrant war crimes on fabricated evidence!
there is
The rationale was that Trumps justification for the ban was nonsensical and refuted by the military
and with the evidence at hand from all points of reason, this ban just serves to reduce military cohesion and generally fuck over transgenders
rather than do anything of note
Trumps got his hands tied
WB is disconnected cyr
hes canadian, if America implodes hes only effected by extension
hes not going to be caught in the immediate fallout and as such he doesn't neccesarily need to worry the same way we do
Sorry
I wasn't trying to shut you out, I was just trying to justify a fatalist viewpoint as being possibly a misunderstanding
That is the real problem here also, the issues not the radicals, its the lack of faith in the system
Ah
I'm trying for damage control myself too
trying to keep the poison and bullshit they're spreading from appealing to vulnerable audiences any longer
giving clear consice reasons for why they're wrong and then baiting them into using the usual "cuck, troll, shill, crooked, virtue signalling, goalposts" or other bullshit they inevidably pull out and turn it on them
if they look bad in their arguments and come off like angry morons hopefully people who might've seen them as smart will just see them as impotent
Talking about the donald supporters on 4chan and on /r/conspiracy
they target vulnerable people in those two communities, which there are a lot of
and its filthy practices
The problem with /r/conspiracy is that mentally ill people flock to it
and don't realize that its a corrupt propaganda machine for the alt right
I'm one of a bunch of people actively trying to keep more mentally ill people from falling into that trap
That said, what /pol/ and /r/conspiracy are nice for is trawling through the JFK documents.  So long as you ignore the synopsis they give the actual documents they are identifying are interesting
I also like to share a few confirmed conspiracies that discredit the bush association when people go after Obama
like that its known the government infiltrated the APA to stop them from barring psychologists from participating in enhanced interrogation efforts
It is interesting to see that /r/conspiracy has notably shifted towards the left due to overpushing by the mod team to the right
WB, are you telling me an honorable hero like Oliver North would ever debase himself to being a propaganda machine?
Thats ridiculous
that was a sarcastic comment by the way, Oliver north is not a good person
Hey, I'll have you know that Aquaman fought goddamn eldrich abominations without blinking an eye at least once nox
RIP sessions
be fired from fucking everything
bigly if true
We need to build a meandering wall and make the world in general pay for it
just build that wall in random meandering ways that makes the great wall of china look sane
Also we choose the objective worst methods of execution
hurr durr lets inject cocktails of lethal meds instead of actually fast acting lethal drugs because we cant get anyone to make them for the explicit purpose of murder
@ThalAI, we need to bring back the electric chair and go back to our roots
as Edison and Tesla intended
hell, use the Tesla death ray
East Asia has a very weird view on sexual slavery
the concept doesn't even mean the same thing often as it does in India or America because they'll still treat sexual slaves like they would a regular wife, which is still god awful as fuck but not the sheer "rape dungeon nightmare story" you get in America or India
There was a story I linked the other day of a North Korean who got smuggled into China, forced into a sexual slavery/marriage with a Chinese bussiness man, had a Child, fled to South Korea, and in the interview didn't even consider what had happened to her all that horrible
True.  But I got the idea that sexual slavery wasn't a "Deliverance" tier horror story htere
its still god awful dont get me wrong
Trump doesn't seem to even understand clean coal
Clean coal wasn't about ANY of the chemicals the paris accords is regulating
its entirely about the chemicals that actually kill people or give them cancer
Clean coal still produces a shit ton of carbon emissions and does nothing from that perspective, pitching it is stupid
Clean coal was an idea in response to the whole pitch for green energy on the grounds that it is less toxic to people
and it fell flat because the idea of scrubbing toxic shit to make it less toxic is inheritly less appealing than just using non toxic shit to begin with
Doesn't South Korea have fan death also?
I was discussing the shooting in Texas and general consensus is part of what happened here is the guy seems to have bought the popular media style of kevlar bulletproof vest
which is what fucked the guy in this scenario
those vests are good, but they're generally either stab vests, shrapnel vests, or meant for handguns
bringing one into a shooting in texas and expecting it to work showed a fundamental misunderstanding of vests and guns
Technically he killed himself but the person who shot him initially had a rifle
which is actually really good for the guy who shot him
as the guy who shot him chased the shooter down
which, had the shooter then been shot to death by the guy, would technically be murder
no jury would convict him and that'd be textbook jury/government nullification but it would've been a mess
No state in America has a right to pursue law, you can stand your ground, protect your property, and shoot a person to death in proportional response, but you absolutely aren't allowed to chase them down and shoot them like a rabbid dog
the moment he did that he opened himself up to a mountain of liability, thankfully mitigated by the suicide
It would've gone to definite jury nullification or prosecution declining to press charges
nobody would want to take that case
especially not in TEXAS
Fucking hell
accidentally clicked the obnoxious subscribe thing on my phone
for /r/the_donald
they've gone full /r/conspiracy on muh false flag after it turned out the shooter was neither black or muslim...because of course they did.
Apparently hes definitely a radical islamic leftist athiest ANTIFA SSRI-using pinko commie government agent
I hate this planet
but then the terrorists win
I am a clear accurate representation of the community of this website and am in no way a nerdy annoying person.  In fact I'm basically the mayor around these parts
(gotta convince em before they learn better)
(new members can't see parenthesis right?)
phew
errr... okay sir plz no bannu
Ah, nothing like explaining to people why, even though you could, suing someone for the costs of the bullets used to shoot their dog with is a bad idea
even though our court system does work like that, it'll make you look like a dick to everybody and if the judge decides you are an asshole he might fuck you over anyways/
NJ candidates expected to win in landslide
Virginia is a red state Axle
the fact this votes this close is significant
on the flip side, NJ is apparently landslide dem victory because a certain whale pissed everyone off
@Axle, Christie succeeded in being the govener to not get impeached or arrested with the lowest approval rating of any governer in America, Ever.
17% approval rating last I checked
hitler had a higher approval rating in 1945
AP just called it
Dems allegedly just won virginia
gonna wait on actual news sites but if the associated press is saying it...
allegedly dems are up 17 seats or something too
wait no misread
they're up in popularity in a bunch of upcoming house votes
in other good news, the two cops involved in that NYC Scandal resigned today
The state governments can draw up voting lines and the Republicans have in the past abused these for gerrymandering
in addition states have a lot more power in America than in other countries
New Jersey is relevant here because it WAS one of Trumps strongholds and was Chris Christies home state
yeah
with about 3 federal seats up for grabs but mostly its state and municipal
still relevant since we've got the NYS constitutional con vote and a few other things there as well as the fact that Virginia (swing state) and NJ were up for grabs
the fact that virginia has swung blue is very bad for the republican party
this isn't federal mostly
this is state and municipal
but there are a small handful of federal seats that are here also
also annoyingly several judges
because judges are elected in much of America
because fuck you
The polling systems cost money to roll out, and you gotta close schools or churches for em
easier to have a bunch of these low volume votes the same day rather than spread it out
cheaper too
jokes on you, I'm a new yorker, we can't do absentee ballots unless we're in jail or serving abroad
New Yorker currently slumming it in Massachusetts
granted, I say that but currently the Giants are the worst team in the NFL
we need to build a wall and make Puerto rico pay for it...
I don't know what we'd be walling off but it needs to be done
I guess the white house?
Genius
@Thalia, 
that says more about the state of the republican party than about the state of progressiveness
What the fuck
What the FUCK
Seriously, for those of you filthy communists from European countries, the American military has a LOT of leeway as to how much its allowed to physically and emotionally abuse recruits
to be found guilty of abuse requires a MASSIVE amount of rampant insanity
hell, to be indicted requires a stupid amount of line crossing
sorry, was joking about insulting the europeans here but it was mostly the point of that a british person or a german person might not be aware of how much leeway the US military has with laws
I'm not familiar with british and german military training
anyway, @El, that rulings great and all, but I suspect that it'll end in uber possibly shutting down rather than implement it
they've made enough money to afford to pack there bags and leave
but yeah, the only reason this guy actually got convicted was one of the cadets killed themselves publically
and for good reason, seeing if this dude drunkenly shoved one of the recruits into a fucking tumble dryer 3 times until he renounced his faith I cant imagine what the other stories were
but yeah, Uber will likely leave UK and begin its decline proper
its a shame too, theres absolutely NO reason Uber should be failing as a company
Wasn't a proper thing in America and our cabbies are notorious for being insane and shady in NY
especially since they usually wouldn't service poorer communities
or work late at night when the bars closed
The thing uber has the advantage on is the bar crawl hours
unless mini cabs run at 2 am or whenever that stupid law says bars must close doors by
Fucking hell
Some blog writer just came out in defense of the pedophile senator
because he "only fucks children while democrats fuck everybody"
You know, during the bush and Obama era I would've said I love this country, but it could use some work...
now I just hate this fucking country
Yes, but all the shit has sifted to the surface
the most shocking thing is Mitt Romney is a voice of reason
as is John McCain
uhhhhhh
Turning him over would violate at least half a dozen laws and constitutional amendments
if not more
right to life, freedom of speech, freedom of reasonable punishment, due process, right to life...
wait double posted right to life
Technically there is no law banning the president from sabotaging peace talks
he is legally allowed to walk on stage, tell an entire nation to go fuck itself, and leave
wait.  Actually?
President isn't a private citizen
unless it was before he was elected
yes, Trump definitely did shady borderline illegal shit, although they wont nail it to him before hes dead to rights
Fucking Roy Moore
ahahhaha
the donalds trying to say trumps the only person in show bussiness to not commit sexual assault
Its only funny by sheer patheticness of the argument
Donald Trumps one of the most notorious sleezebags in hollywood circles
he high rolls and acts like a creepy entitled old man
much like seph blatter actually
they'd probably get along
oh god, they actually fuckign did it
they promoted clean coal at the UN climate convention
the absolute maniacs
thats like promoting your microbrew at an AA meeting
sigh, more dispute on reddit about whether or not you could make gay people straight
Yes, hypothetically you could reprogram someone to be anything, you can make a straight person gay or a gay person straight under the right circumstances.  Under the vast majority of them you would also be creating a husk of a human being that will only be capable of inevidably killing themselves and possibly others.
Its not a good idea
people need to stop proposing it
EA doesn't count as politics, but yes, fuck EA
Thats not entirely unheard of el
with a strong earthquake you get a lot of resettling
but yeah, earthquakes this powerful aren't common
but you'll get aftershocks with any earthquake above a 4 or so, just not many usually
with an earthquake like this that completely fucked up the faultline you'll get a lot as faults shift over load and settle
its particularly a problem in Tibet and Nepal where the fault lines feed into each other
This is actually a fascinating case
Does the fact that he a severely impaired ability to actually make judgement calls and was clearly unable to think rationally mitigate the fact that the individual he callously killed was also actively a threat to human life
evidently the ruling is no
even if you are completely out of your mind so long as your victims actively endangered others its okay
Guy was drunk driving and a women crossed the street fleeing a man with a knife
guy floored it and plowed over the knifeman
and then fled the scene and got arrested
Yes, except they dropped it on the grounds that he DID actually defend someones life from the person who was actively attempting to murder them
and since a REASONABLE person theoretically could have judged that situation defense of others they judged it that
even though he was not a reasonable person at the time
Hes still charged with DUI and fleeing the scene
but yes, its an interesting scenario because its unclear what he actually saw or whether his intent was defense or just negligence
he may have just gotten incredibly lucky
you see, Gundor, tax cuts to the rich help the poor out!  Once the revolution comes the poor will have so much more to loot
thats how trickle down theory works right?
or is it not supposed to rely on complete breakdown of society and government followed by violent uprising?
I think our ancestors made a mistake the day they decided to leave the trees and develop sapience
we need to go back to the REAL good old days
you need more duct tape
but monopoly is the optimal form of service
just ask comcast or time warner cable
Wait
whose getting aggressive!?
Me and my roommate both feel kind've bad for George Bush Sr.
hes been implicated in groping quite a few people and it seems like he may have some kind of dementia
its likely hes not all there anymore
even worse El, reagen didnt have dementia
he had alzheimers
alzheimers is way worse
but yeah, its likely that bush Sr is in need of assisted living and is a bit too headstrong to do so
seeing as, you know, former president
Nobody was aware reagan had alzheimers until the twilight or end of his career
and Bush Sr is retired
too late
you just doubled down on that adam and eve were not mentally reliable and were edgy to god
things will never be the same
I dont think most of the west realized just how many parasites the average North Korean had
the scary part is the guy who defected should be an example of someone with better healthcare than the average korean also
north korean*
The fact that they have a parasitic worm outbreak like that also says disturbing implications for pre-modern humans
granted it was known that parasitic worm outbreaks were stupidly widespread in the Roman Empire
still absolutely revolting though, I hate infectious worms with a passion
Goddamn it, each time I think reddits cleaned its act up I find a new even more degenerate subreddit that someone calls out
this time its /r/uncensorednews (should have been a red flag when /r/news isn't that censored to begin with)
jesus christ so much racism
I'm fairly certain /pol/ doesn't even use the N word this heavily in density
Yes.  I lose faith in humanity sometimes.
He actually did it
the fucking mad man
Realtalk though: He had his chance to leave with dignity, but hes PROBABLY going to die violently now
or end up pennyless and arrested
yes, its turned from a military coup to a coup de'tat
the only reason they were this soft is to try to keep the opposition from having influence in this coup
but they may need to fold some conditions into letting the opposition have influence to swing him being popularly fucked over
Do any of you have that flag of lebanon if lebanon was communist where the cedar tree is basically a christmas tree?
My god
I've figured out the russians plan!
No soldier can outrank George Washington
The plan is to make Trump demote washington to a private, immediately forcing the demotion of every single person in the military
and when everyone is a private and thus unable to wipe there ass unless an officer tells them to, the Russians will strike
To give Obama some more credit, the things hes posted and the places hes ama'd in show that he flagrantly is aware of the memes about himself
and his responses to them to date include killing the thanks obama meme in the most glorious way possible
Hex, See Serbia
also Japan, America, China, Russia, Israel, Egypt, India, Pakistan, Afganistan...hmmm.... this is a long list
Canada, Australia, England...
Belgium, Poland, Ukraine, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Nigeria, suprisingly not Columbia, Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, North Korea, South Korea
Ireland
revisionist history is everywhere, and I don't think most countries even acknowledge half the genocidal shit until really recently at best
some of them not even then.  There are textbooks still floating around in America that say the Cherokees liberated there land and moved west Willingly
What America did to the Cherokees is roughly equivalent to what Turkey did to the Armenians
where revisionist history occurs
Theres nothing theoretical about these harms by the way
they've happened on several occasions
not yet it hasn't
it goes to panel vote and then to lawsuits
one of the three republicans isn't neccesarily shit, two of them are
you can if you are Iran or Turkey
ahahahahaha
>Local ISPs
most regions have one ISP in the regions
usually either comcast or Verizon or AT T or whatever
theres absolutely no competition in half the country
and municipal broadband uses the same fiber that the main telecomms companies do and the telecoms companies just don't bother to fix it
@Marigold, your connection doesn't go from Canada to England
it goes from Canada to a routing server in New York to a service in England over fiber optic lines
I'm American mari
el is British so I'm using them as an example
you'd route over the trans atlantic fiber optic lines which go to the UK
Thats actually one of the big imput lag causers out there speaking of
GCHQ
they slow everything down by up to 2 miliseconds by there syphoning data
The Russia thing weirds me
I don't get why they set the precident they did the other day
it directly hurts them to say that chemical weapons are A okay as long as you are affiliated with one of the big five
Also if we can send enough petitions to Brenden Carr
hes the one republican vote with any chance of not fucking us all over
I've sent in a email myself to Brendan Carr
you can contact him via email
unliek snail mail this will actually reach his desk
snail mail doesn't go to desks anymore ever since 2001
because douchebags and anthrax
Do you think if I reach out to the other Republican and argue that if net neutrality is repealed the telecomms might throttle live audio, video, and data to the middle east, meaning that they will not be able to murder Arabs in real time in the middle east from a shack in Nevada anymore that it will actually convince him to vote no?
I mean, that is a thing they seem to love supporting the military doing?
even though it only effectively fucks up perception of the US
you sure?  That seems like the kind of dumb oversight they'd do
Well, if he denied it it can't be true
hes a gentleman, surely he wouldn't lie to his constituants
((He totally would))
isn't this within the sphere of stuff that Iran oddly cracks down on?
Really a dumb idea to do it there
I mean hell, you'd expect eastern Europe in general where the police just can't be arsed to actually deal with cyber crime
or Africa where the police are too busy dealing with literal terrorism to focus on cyber crime
well in most places its not there primary job
several major African nations are embroiled in the massive spill over from the Arab spring and Congo melting down again
as well as the fact that the Islamists are being pushed out of Somalia
Amusingly Somaliland, a place that would literally have never stood a chance of being recognized, is almost recognized as a country due to being the only part of Somalia that actually functions as a country
Christ
the ENTIRE front page of reddit is net neutrality warnings
I just want my dank memes
Uhhhhh
So North Korea definitely committed an act of war
and possibly straight up entered South Korea
Oh look
yet another cell phone app that lies to you and steals your data in a dubiously legal manner
What a shocker
Oh look
Kellyanne Conway violated federal law again
Fucking hell
This isn't even the most stupid thing I've heard of a country doing over an international spat
I mean the Iran Contra scandal honestly ranks #1 probably
only injury reported sounds like a trample wound
theres apparently confusion as to whether or not gunshots were even fired
police haven't found actual bullet holes yet
generally shooting leaves bullets behind of some form and the fact they've found none means it could've been another noise
huh, so far seems like a hoax was right
no signs of shots fired according to the police
and generally shooting a gun leaves all sorts of signs
still a trample wound from this so whoever did it got someone injured seriously
This just sounds like it was stupidity
especially seeing that it suffered from the World Trade Center bombing syndrome of the fact that the actual incident did almost nothing, all the damage was from people fleeing like herd animals and not like actual human beings
That wasn't politics
its Obamas daughter dating someone
thats not fucking politics
this shits not even newsworthy
its literally just the racists who are going on about it because the guy shes dating is white
and muh (((interracial acceptence agenda)))
Nobody would give a shit if she wasn't black
or if Obama wasn't black
seriously I hate this fucking country
I just don't consider the politics aspect or alleged politics aspect interesting
what I do consider newsworthy is just how many racists came out of the woodwork over this
its shocking and depraved as hell
I'm just pissed when the racists come out of the woodworks and go full degenerate on something this irrelavent and minor
Does the little mermaid fall under nautical law?
and thus mean none of us have to abide by traffic laws or taxes anymore?
Ah, Project Veritas
for when you misunderstand undercover operations for entrapment and fraud
eh, that wasn't what I wanted to talk about, just couldn't see who was where
and... What
@Gundor, wasn't tillerson secretary of interior anyway?
I thought he was just doing state department due to lack of people to do it
This is belated revenge for calling trump an idiot
Tillerson was too good for this administration
He was actually competent and attempted to run damage control this entire time
hes genuinely done a decent job in the role
Wasn't that trump?
who doesn't believe he needs anyone other than himself?
goddamn it
on a different note, anyone been following the fish farming scandal in British Columbia?
Even /r/conspiracy is underwhelmed by veritas
ah yes, those damn lesbians tempted him with there vile liberal ways
he couldn't help but sexually assault them
Goddamn it, on the bright side TSA is doing its job with animal smuggling
on the downside its become land trafficking which is arguably worse for owls and birs
birds*
Someone more konwledgeble can step in, but I didn't think this was how economics worked
@Brut, WHEN more goes down
moore8
moore**
fucking ell
not you elar, I was referring to actual hell
Its Alabama and he has the pedophile vote
thats at least a tenth of the state
awww
its basically a US tradition to insult every state and every part of every state
hell, Us New Yorkers make it a tradition to mock New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New York
Besides, any state where Moore honestly has a legitimate shot of being elected in despite being outed as a goddamn pedophile is not a state I want to support
We all warned you that Trump was bad news bears
Trumps hated in New York
As some other candidate said, the burden of evidence does not apply to political positions
only to court of law
if over a dozen people have come out saying hes sexually assaulted them, then hes not suited for office.
hell, we set that precedent when we decided some dumb old people personal email server stuff was enough to not elect Clinton
Its Alabama, they're literally the 2nd most insolvent state in America
correction, the 6th most insolvent state
fair
They have great cream though
Bavarian cream also
Roy Moores playing up the devout christian angle because that might actually get him elected
if he can win enough of the religious vote in Alabama by showing off that he is a model christian he may be able to overshadow that hes also a pedophile
gotta remember most people in Alabama aren't college graduated and don't fully appreciate just how much damage this kind of interaction does to developing teenagers or children
to them this might just be something that is acceptable or a ""victimless crime""
much like how people don't appreciate that medicare fraud is not a victimless crime either
Statute of limitations, unclear evidence, no corroboration in some cases, plus if the police want to pursue this they gotta have rock solid evidence or its gonna blow up in there face.
it might anyway.  Kind of like how the FBI caught flak for the whole trump thing atm.
also statute of limitations is neccesary for at least minor crimes
if people have things over there head forever they have no incentive to stop committing crimes
Yes, both due to the nature of murder and the fact that individuals willing to commit murder tend to be the people we dont want in society.
@Aliphant, SoL means you don't need to worry about the fact that if you stop committing crimes you can one day get picked up and arrested for that crime
especially since you can also just stockpile cases for when you need to pad your numbers before an election without an SoL
and you know douchebags would do that'
sounds like at least 2 of them were either arrests of opportunity or sourced things without knowing what it'd be used for
they're only mentioning 8 of them as being conspirators
uhhhhhh
Gonna need to read the ruling on this to see details, but this is no bueno
Ah, nevermind, falseish alarm
they ruled against the injunction, not in favor of the ban
they haven't made a ruling on the ban yet
they've only said the government can reasonably enforce this until such a time as the ruling is made
wat
Not sure who they're trying to go for, edgelords maybe?
that ad wouldn't even work for most trump supporters, they at least wanna pretend to not be nazis
I can report him to freenode admins if you want
Yes, or at least to complain that someones doing dumb shit
I'll just check it out, I know how to not be offensive when I am not actively going out of my way to be offensive
multiple irc servers got hit
Also I'm confused at people speculating at the fact that there might be mineral resources in Bears Ears such as Uranium
implying that they actually want to open a uranium mine in their town and ranches
Uravan was a uranium mining town.  Its a superfund site wasteland now
the only possible good thing is it means surveying the entire area and hopefully if they find artifacts or more ancient sites they'll actually log them properly
or they wont and we'll find out when someone whistleblows and they get fined into the floor
by which point it will be too late to salvage
You don't TECHNICALLY need to do clean up
Yellowstone is a contaminated wasteland in many areas and wildlife thrives there
sure the buffalo all live up to 5 years less than elsewhere
and are notably skinnier due to heavy metal toxicity
but they're thriving so its okay
odd, they look legit
50 staff, new york headquarters
seems like just some record industry people who are confused
oh, oh no, there CFO is ex Sony music industry
except I don't see post malone in there fucking list
yeah, the fuck, they don't own that record
they have license to sell it, but they don't have post malone themselves
hes with Republic Records
I just messaged the dude telling him that and pinging Republic Records
if he actually does that its possible that republic records may act themselves on the competing company actively fucking with there property
yeah @VereorNox Reservoir is a sony subsidiary while Republic is a UGM subsidiary
or whatever the fuck that megagroups called
There are other ways
hell I just provided one
The actual IP holders tend to get upset when other companies do this
especially when they only have resale rights
Reservoir doesn't own the rights though, even in the scenario where they do
Republic Owns post malones song
someone fucked up
Fuck, its official
Trump notified Jordan and Turkey hes moving the embassy to Jerusalem
Is this vote brigading here?
It feels like it, I've been fluctuating between 10 and -10 points this entire thread
and the comments that are being upvoted are all "Obama stole land" posts
it annoys me
really?
I thought they all died and/or joined the trump cult
yes, definite vote brigading here
some of these are definitely insane comments getting upvoted
Well, this guy I'm arguing with just up and said that foreign people can go fuck themselves
wonderful
@BaileyMatutine, I'm currently in four different flame wars in that thread
I've just started telling people that propose stupid shit that will get people killed and then don't care about human rights that if they want to genocide minorities they should stop hiding and just admit it.
what I don't say is they should do it so everyone can tell they are a shithead as opposed to them confusing the vulnerable people.
cant wait for the exploitables
goddamn it
I can't find the sweet pie ruling because vermont didn't publish state supreme court rulings before 1999
didn't even bother scanning them
and it was a state court case so all the news papers about it are regional and thus behind paywalls
its the case that completely forced a revamp of obscenity laws and liquor liscence reviewing in Vermont and was the reason male strip clubs became legal and allowed to serve alcohol
relatively minor precident and the dudes batshit insane but it was still a technically important ruling
Oh fuck, justice actually being served against a police officer
I don't understand
Al Franken stepped down at least
which is more than can be said for Roy Moore Children please
fuck everything about Roy Moore, Donald Trump, and Steve bannon for jumping on that horse
and anyone else who has done so
granted, Trumps endorsement was incredibly tepid
The horse that happens to need to be kept away from all those foals
yes
I really hate that they're discounting goddamn pedophilia because the alternate is someone who MIGHT be pro abortion
This annoys me
Any robot being used on these sidewalks is going to have obstruction detection systems
this includes for people
Yep
Also you had no restriction on marriage
if slaves married each other that didn't stop them from being sold apart forever
yeaaaah, some of them were absolute bastards, including Jefferson
Truly inspirational words
Fuuuuck, well now I feel like a douchebag
Was in a thread on the venezualia crisis on reddit
someone brought up that the legal minimum wage is something like $4.80 a month right now
I asked if that was enough to live on to any extent whatsoever, while both being able to eat and live somewhere you wouldn't get mauled to death by a jaguar or by dogs.
When I got told that the answer was absolutely not I made a gallows quip about whether or not the Jaguar and dog population was at least doing well.  To which someone responded that their family had actually had chosen to eat their dog just the other day due to the food shortage.
Now I just feel like a dick for making that gallows joke.
yeah, venezuala is that bad off right now
Ukraines laws are suprisingly reasonable
It helps that they have so many soviet era housing blocs leftover that you can live on that wage, spend about $10 on housing, and then spend the rest of it on vodka, food, and then use the cheap healthcare for whenever you get frostbite.
doesn't help that minimum wage jobs are the majority of jobs in Ukraine and the poverty gap is obscene though
wait, really?
sorry
I don't know most peoples nationalities
but from what I've heard Ukraines laws mostly coincide with Europe of corruptions of American laws.  Its shockingly compatible.
I only know this because someone from New York City was trying to use Ukrainian law as a justification for paying less than minimum wage and it was brought up that what he was doing was illegal even by Ukrainian standards
yeah, this isn't the first time I end up in these situations
gallows humor tends to do that
Fuuuuuck, failed terrorist attack in New York City
sounds like the guy strapped a pipe bomb to his back and didn't think that through
sounds like shrapnel failed to deploy
looking at the photo of him (vague as fuck) he isn't bleeding like a stuck pig
also yeah, pipe bombs are always homemade
and there are multiple london incidents
anyway.  He should be bleeding HEAVILY if he set off a pipe bomb strapped to himself that worked properly
since he isn't its likely this was just a shitty pyrotechnic detonation
the port authority has dozens of national guard at it at any given time
its about 10 feet from the world trade center
a VERY failed terror attack
only severe injury is the bomber and otherwise 3 others hospitalized for minor burns and extremely minor shrapnel
something went very wrong with the bomb he used and shrapnel didnt deploy
its possible he didn't actually know how to build a pipe bomb and assumed he just needed to make a bomb in a pipe and the pipe'd do the rest
As much as I respect the EU stance on Israel, I think its grossly out of touch with reality
Its a noble idea, it really is, to have Israel and Palestine with a joint Capital
but its not something that can happen in the current reality in which we reside
lets be honest, the US military basically pumps out mental disorders regardless
WOOT!
WE DID IT
WE DIDNT ELECT A KNOWN PEDOPHILE TO THE FEDERAL SENATE
THE FACT THAT THIS IS A FEAT WORTH CELEBRATING SADDENS ME
I am now mildly less ashamed to call myself an American
@Bel, no, god just wants Roy Moore to spend more time with someone ELSES family
So wait, does this election mean pedophilia is still socially unacceptable?
phew, we did it
we reasserted that something we've known for decades was a shitty thing to do is still a shitty thing to do
Trumpcore is something that is both glorious and horrifying
people just taking morally questionable or downright repulsive things trump said and dubbing them as vocals to death metal
trumplestiltskin is the big music for that
mostly its negative towards trump for him being a piece of shit and was put out before people expected him to be president
Washingtons already making local laws in the state for the utilities
and they're going to bring it to court if the FCC insists states cant enforce ISP laws
because theres absolutely no way thats constitutional, this has gone to court before
not for ISPs, but for oil and fracking
NY legislated against fracking, Florida ruled you can't restrict townships from regulating oil drilling (there are historical baggage for this one), and there are other precidents
Floridas salt water lake is due to a massive environmental disaster caused by mistakes being made with an oil drilling rig
because as it so turns out you probably SHOULDN'T drill in the middle of a lake next to a salt mine
they breached the mine and drained the lake into it.  the river to the sea reversed...
or in the mine
they managed to hit the shaft up in time and gtfo
oh shit
bomb threat
it could've been a victor ytoke
Its been a pleasure knowing y'all
I'll see ya on the premium package
AAAAA
wat
Huh, interesting post on twitter from a military analyst I follow
guys a bosnian and naturally has an anti-america bias as a result
so when he says American DoD was being transparent about the analysis of the saudi arabia missile incident and that that missile was almost certainly iranian or iranian parts its pretty solid
what was interesting is it also went into that Saudi Arabias SAM systems failed miserably to stop it
I think it got taken down by either sheer quantity or an American system
it was on the news
but the net neutrality vote was totally reported on
woot, I fucked up and managed a valid link that also bugged the shit out of the bot
because I'm just a special kind of stupid
I agree, which is why I run my air conditioning and leave the window open
I gotta do my part to fight global warming
Look, generalizations are never good
which is why I want you to attend my nazi rally so you can get a different perspective.  Theres gotta be at least three good people in the crowd
okay, generalizations are occasionally acceptible, but not in this case.
SETI made at least one scientifically significant discovery
two if you count the one that asshole billionaire did with that intersteller space rock
I think SETI radio sats were used for that
they confirmed scientists were wrong about that rocks composition
they thought it was an iron bar, it was actually closer to Swift/Tuttle
I'm confused
why those 9 countries that voted with Israel
none of them have a meaningful connection to America
I notice a good handful of the EU nations that have gone full right wing and likely didn't want to get sanctioned by the EU
and a handful of countries that are just ethnically anti-muslim
(south sudan, Phillipines, bhutan, Rwanda, Uganda...)
Jesus fuck
Cuomo just responded to the Government tax bill today
He announced that New York will be allowing everyone to pre-pay 2018 taxes this year before the tax bill goes into effect
with every township now having emergency meetings to figure out how this is going to work out
This isn't regular misogyny
this is advanced misogyny
this also isnt how anatomy or biology work
WOOT
First actual usage of the TESLA Battery facility in australia
coal plant apparently failed and within 140 miliseconds power to the system was restored
well within acceptible timing for a brown-out in a first world nation
Well, technically you CAN use manure as a bomb component...
plus about a dozen steps
that manure bomb scare incident?
where someone sent shit to I think it was a treasury person?
See, I know you thal
In fact, I'm actually your subconsious given form
You created me because you were tired of being you
...
its christmas
the courts arent even in session
Now I want to see a setting where the elves seized the means of production
...The fact that that sentence actually happened reflects everything wrong with the healthcare system in america...
going to random backwater clinics is how you end up in a 2 year dispute over whether your 10 year old brother got breast enhancement surgery for his chin injury or not
it was said in parahumans
just posted again
Welp, yet another article 3 section 1 violation
An L-39 albatros was shot down over Syria today by rebels with a MANPAD as it made a strafing run
pilot was field-executed
Syrian army pilots have done some horrific things in this war but still brutal
this can't be good for bitcoin
So doing some research originally the song that it was all based off of was a near comedically propaganda heavy song
from serbia obviously
the song that became the meme variant was initially titled tupac serbia and was made by a macedonian mocking the shit out of the serbian song by making it sound like serbian gibbering about genociding various places
and also having the claim of tupac being alive in serbia and serbia drowning in rap gold
yeah
trying to figure out where it came from for such a bizzarely phrased slur
its mostly because the people who made it to begin with was a macedonian who made it jokingly
so its the kind of ironical insult that some people took way too far I guess
Every time we think he's done it all, he says something even more assinine
Oh fuck
Another on
One*
hong kong vessel seized by South Korea for Oil shipments to North Korea despite sanctions
Thank you weird bosnian dude I follow on twitter despite the fact that you are Openly Anti-American
also because the guy is a really good source of interesting news and summaries of information
such as actually giving an accurate summary of why the claim that Iran supplied the missiles to those terrorists in Yemen wasn't just a Saudi Fabrication
hes a legitimate Military analyst, he just personally dislikes America and Israel and you see that a bit
Jesus fuck
Person that Destiny was disputing apparently did some really fucked up shit, what the hell
like luring a mentally retarded (as in actually retarded) women 100 miles to his home and then becoming her fiance and repeatedly trying to impregnate her
what the fuck, this is an actual relatively popular alt-right podcaster
Destiny is an edgelord who tends to dispute questionable individuals, he was the one who was debating JonTron in the debate that killed JonTron
not some random, a podcaster in the alt-right
a race realist or something
It was a specific thing I'm not familiar with the other individual and don't follow destiny much
yes, even by alt right standards seeing hes a sexual predator
If anyones interested I can go into the actual details of how gitmo harmed the field of psychology here
the fact that the incident itself occurred is not politics, the actual details definitely are
AHAHAHA
ITS HAPPENING
The swamp has begun to drain itself
Wow, the police may actually have fucked up badly enough to be liable here
they're just lucky they injected the dude with a relatively mild drug
if it were anti-psychotics they'd be in deep shit
isnt that the point?
WE STREISAND B O I S
but seriously, did trump genuinely never hear of this effect?
The Cole memo was also repealed today
which was shockingly underreported on
It also alleged that Kremlin spies filmed the now-President with prostitutes at Moscow's Ritz-Carlton hotel in 2013.
holy shit
The Piss tape is actually real
bbc is reporting that
r/iamverysmart has officially crowned Trump as president of the subreddit
Im not joking, they actually did it
thats also not a complement for trump in any way seeing what that entails
uhhhh
Trigger Warning: Combat footage: 
This stuffs kinda fascinating actually
they've modified the T-72 by I THINK removing the catalytic converter to allow them to produce a shit ton of smoke exhaust
and they used it here as a smokescreen
Islamic radicals in Syria
one of the many militias
not sure what they did but its belching more smoke than usual
theres a few ways to do it and judging by the speed of the tank it definitely fucked something up a bit
but seeing how shitty a T-72 is anyway its not that bad of a trade off, especially seeing the common method of tank killing in the middle east is either an RPG or a tow cable that relies on tracking from the Mark-1 Eyeball
gotta remember most militias in the middle east are basically just random people whose sole strategy is to move forward and shoot hopefully straight
when they use strategy further than that such as actual attempts at evasion its impressive, even if this is definitely propaganda at least to an extent
still less cohesion than we've seen with Hezbollah who is one of their opponents though
Their is also a painful chronic misusage of T-55s, BTRs, and T-72s in combat in the middle east
especially seeing most of the time you see a T-55 or a T-72 on video its being used like a WWI tank where they think they're invincible despite the fact that you can blow up a T-55 and a T-72 by looking at it funny
T-55s are the PT Cruiser of Tanks
I'd feel bad about the Ugandan memes but then I remember the whole thing where the Ugandan Health Minister came out with some outright false and straight up offensive things regarding homosexuality
and a good deal of the soundbytes making fun of Uganda are from that guy
uhhhhhh
Gotta say assange is a great stress test of the UN and EU justice systems
and by god has everyone failed miserably
Swedens prosecutor was confident that he could get away with waiting assange out and only interviewing him in custody, leading to charges being dropped and the guy being criticized for failure to pursue alternate paths of actually going about it, which is why charges were dropped
Ecuador actually granted the guy Asylum for some reason, the UK spent and is spending a truely obscene amount of money on making sure assange doesnt flee the country
the UN ruling that this constitutes unlawful imprisonment was ignored.  And all of this could've been resolved by promising to not extradite the jackass to America
ah right, the estimates range from $20,000,000 to $80,000,000 on how much this has cost the UK to actually stand on also
running theory is that a lot of it is pressure from GCHQ because wikileaks kinda shafts them a bit
now I want a team of AK-47 wielding pinnipeds
WAit, I thought saigas and AA-12 were illegal in America
are they not?
I thought they and the street sweeper were destructive devices
Did trump really refer to El Salvador and Haiti as shithole countries and wonder why we take in so many people from them?
He both managed to skirt on the reason democrats have for turning a blind eye to illegal immigration and completely miss the point at the same time
El Salvador and Haiti are shit hole nations, which is why people want to leave them, because in a shocking plot twist people don't actually enjoy living in a shit hole
but clearly if they are from one it was by choice or something as far as trump cares
and thats the truly stupid part, the fact that he even thinks America is in a position to pick and choose who comes over is idiotic.
Reminds me of Anthony Weiner
Helluva way to ruin your career forever
you can recover your political career from a sex affair
you can't recover it from a felony conviction
what a stupid way to ruin yourself
Sex affair arent great for your career but you still have a chance if you play it off right to remain relevant.  Once you commit a criminal act and fail to cover up for it right you've got ammo against you forever
theres a reason Roy Moores fucked for life and its not all the other crazy shit he did, its the alleged pedophile bit
people don't want to elect a governer who resorts to blackmail
ambassador of panama resigned
couldn't remain apolitical and represent America
Wat
this wasn't even a proper firebombing by the sound of it
it sounds like it was literal haphazard molotovs and the damage was minimal
can't imagine its anyone organized
uhhh'
what the fuck
he was emailing himself apparently
fbi are still not quite sure what he was trying to do there
like the cyberbullying girl?
cyberbullying girl who killed herself and caused the campaign back in 07
the campaign quietly wrapped up when it turned out 70% of the messages were sent by herself
theres a reason you didn't hear about it
they didn't advertise it, it would've ruined the entire campaign and served nobody
it was, but general consensus was if she was unstable enough to send that much hatemail she was likely a time bomb already
normal people don't send that much hate mail to themselves, or any for that matter
and they especially don't use their own suicide to frame others
but yeah, ended up kinda like how the bullying and the columbine shooting went
where it faded out quietly since nobody wanted to bring up that the campaign was on false pretenses
columbine shooting was originally held as an advertising against bullying
on the grounds that all the shooters were social outcasts who allegedly were bullied into snapping
it later turned out that was objectively incorrect and they had started the vast majority of the confrontations they'd ended up in, even if it usually went against their favor
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
THAT FUCKING EMERGENCY SERVICE ALERT IS TERRIFYING
Didnt mean for caps on the second bit
just didn't want to admit I was dumb enough to keep caps on
shut it
I mean, the Oslo Accords are arguably inapplicable anyway seeing neither the government nor the peace talks are the same ones that were discussed their
but in this case does Palestine REALLY want to argue to invalidate them?
because the last time they did so over 1000 palestinians and over 100 israelis died
and both sides got implicated in some serious shit
Israel with bombing a hospital and Palestine with using a wing of said hospital as a headquarters/political prison where they carried out executions and planning at
Sure Hamas took the lions share of the really heinous shit but you still can't exactly condone Israels flagrant disregard for civilian casualties of Palestinians with absolutely no attempt at damage control
it can only be destroyed in the fires it was forged in
which unfortunately were from reactor #4
Human Sapience was a mistake
I believe we need to follow the advice of planet of the apes
and degrade into a form of non-sapient life like god intended
huh, some montage of US Special forces drive by raids in afganistan got posted
apparently DoD was NOT amused and its been getting taken down periodically when its popped up
theres a facebook link to it htat appears to have gone unnoticed but thats probably because someone overlayed incredibly shit music over it
yeah jesus I can see why DoD isnt amused, thats at least 3-4 people who filmed into this and some of what they do is either politically questionable or a minor misuse of firearms
Y'all here the prime minister of New Zealand is pregnant?
I didn't know that was possible for Justin Trudeau
I don't either, the prime minister of new zealand is pregnant
and I am confuse
wait no
wasn't Tony Abott prime minister of new zealand?
I remember this due to some pollution stuff
huh
Ah, that makes decidedly more sense
I thought Jacinda was a Hispanic name?
I briefly thought they were prime minister of new zealand
I'm not an idiot I swear
uhhh, like 60% sure?
so I'm NOT INSANE
That is close enough to not be insane
eh, if you flip the globe it works
no, its because I'm an idiot
Say what you want about Putin, but he was really fucking smooth about dunking himself in near freezing water
on an unrelated note thats the only positive news there is in politics today
I fucking hate this country
well other than massive turkish-American-Russian flame wars, I can't get much on wtf is going on in Syria
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I'm tempted to do the tide pod challenge over this
I just can't handle the stupid of this country anymore
I've always understood that one, but with the new tide pod packets its never been more appealing
What the shit?
what does that even mean?
He did it because he wants to be the one to propose it?
Fuck this country
Does arranging a mass tide pod challenge outside of the white house count?
that'd make the news
Its not my fault they look so delicious and appealing
especially when I'm reading god awful shit
I mean, ceasation of biological processes is a change
I'm literally one of the few people with the actual option of leaving
its almost never a valid option
and it almost never fixes the problems
His own party blames him for the government shutdown
at least the head of the republican senate does
seeing Trump said something awful enough to make people physically leave the room during the past discussion to avoid the government shutdown.
its a fix for a lot of things
having to experience trump for the next 2 years among them
its not a GOOD fix for many things mind you
you can solve a pipe leak with electrical tape and chewing gum
its not a GOOD solution but you can do it
similarly, mass consumption of tide pods is a valid solution to many problems, although its almost certainly an objectively poor one
yes, its not a good solution but its a solution
you can solve poverty with genocide
that doesnt mean you SHOULD solve it that way
it just means you CAN
dude, theres plenty of simple, viable, and objectively incorrect solutions to complex problems
just because it is a bad solution does not mean it is not a solution
you can theoretically solve global warming by cutting down the boreal forests globally
its a solution and an economically ""viable"" one at that
you should not cut down the boreal forests because of a few dozen obvious and less obvious reasons but that doesnt make it not a solution
I can give you dumber things
did you know that 9/11 was an inside job because, as a civil engineer, I can tell you with confidence that jet fuel is unable to heat the steel structural beams to the point of melting, even with the paper fire.  The towers were clearly sabotaged fromt he inside!
(this is an actual conspiracy theory that happened)
yes, and civil engineers don't deal in metallurgy or structural integrity
Okay
just a tad?
or like a few levels of crazy lower?
Being a civil engineer doesn't preclude you from studying other fields of engineering, and most engineers cross spec
but being a civil engineer alone means you are mostly focused on infrastructure and civil resources, like roadways, logistics, electricity, plumbing, sewage, etc.  All very important things but not things that'd teach you about the structural regulations of skyscrapers
Huh, really?
I was told differently, granted that was years ago
that you had mechanical, structural, chemical, and civil engineers
huh
but yeah, being an engineer as a qualification for knowing about metal melting points and integrity is like justifying climate change denial due to being a scientist, unless your field is actually on the relevant subject its just hot air
like how Einstein supported the crust destabilization theory which was stupid since he had no geology knowledge whatsoever
its an ethical issue in science of people putting their name on theories in fields they don't actually have relevant course knowledge in
its a problem in psychology also because a clinical psychologist (or a comparative psychologist such as myself) has no qualification whatsoever to declare a president mentally ill
I mean, I can say that there are probably elephants in musth that are comparatively more rational and less stubborn than the president is at the moment but I couldn't say hes insane or demented
?
clinical psychology isnt for declaring mental illness
thats an abnormal psych specialist that'd focus on identifying it, as a clinical psychologist you're mostly there for therapy
your jobs treatment more so than diagnosis
diagnosis is someone elses job for the most part.
I mean, they overlap
all these fields overlap
ah
thought the two overlap also
haven't quite gotten to clinical psych yet.  Currently only moderately into the whole thing.  Their is an interesting bit in comparative psych about illnesses appearing in other species with comparable symptoms to human equivalent.
Its an ethics thing, aren't you not supposed to speculate on mental illness of people you haven't had physical contact with, especially public figures?
thats what I was referring to, its an ethics thing more than anything
I'm not very articulate sometimes
fair
What you have to remember is the 1% isnt one demographic
its about 4 or 5 different groups
you've got your upstart 1st generation 1% who are the ones who tend to flaunt money more
your gradual progression 1%, who are the ones who are nicer generally and involved in things, your .0000001% who are stupidly rich and at that point do whatever they want
I fucking hate this country
We're literally too stupid for our own system of freedom
we have free speech, free work, freedom of assembly, freedom to vote, and we manage to fuck it up time and time again
Just because America is comparably less of a shithole than most of the other comparable shitholes doesn't mean that America isn't shitty
Well yeah, you're from South America, you people actually have a sense of national pride that isn't born out of "At least we aren't a communist/fascist hellhole"
how so?
We have check and balance systems in America that don't even do the one thing they are supposed to
The electoral college was literally created so that the Poors couldn't fuck up the country by being persuaded to voting for some charismatic person who was unsuitable to run the country
and they couldn't even do the one thing they were literally created to do (granted they were created because Oligarchy and classism but STILL)
Us New Yorkers hate everything
Well yeah, we're a subset of everything
but theres a reason New York is the most Pro States Rights liberal state
which has serious contingencies for splitting the state in half and/or seceding from the union if we needed to
Despite all my rage I'm still just a rat in a cage
@Faustus, we could totally afford to pull a Singapore and be a city state thing
its just that America would absolutely never let us do that
dude, we're the economic capital of the world
and the cultural capital of the world
and technically the political capital of the world
speaking of y'all can take that whenever you want, please
please for the love of god move the UN away from New York
we dont want it anymore
name one city with more cultural demographs represented than NYC
we have almost all those ethnicites in new york also
We have the UN
yes, so DC is the capital of America
please take the UN Elara you can have it in London
we dont want it
it'd solve most of the problems
you can't cross the street safely off a crosswalk within several blocks of the UN because a drunk speeding politician will run you over
diplomatic immunity, you can't arrest a foreign diplomat, just declare them persona non-grata
we literally had a case where a diplomats wife was straight up keeping slaves
and I think she only got deported
similarly, diplomats will speed heavily and illegally park and then not pay speeding and parking tickets because the police can't get a warrant for failure to pay the tickets because America isn't going to cause a diplomatic incident over that
its a source of disgruntlement in NY because if we have to deal with the NYPD then they sure as hell should too
The Nigerian Emissaries family was nice though, they were actually cool people.
I forget what they were actually, not sure if they were UN staff or if they were mid-upper level consulate staff
well yeah, but speeding tickets and parking tickets and public intoxication arent going to get diplomats kicked out of a country
the police will pull them over and ticket them for speeding
it just means nothing because they dont have to pay it
slavery one was the only one I know of that really made international news
that and a while back when it got revealed a bunch of diplomats were showing up drunk to work
I did enjoy the Pakistan-Indian UN council thing a while back
where Pakistan flagrantly fabricated evidence of Indian war crimes and the Indian diplomat referred to Pakistan as Terroristan
by flagrantly I mean they showed video of Israeli soldiers assaulting Palestinian citizens as evidence of Indian war crimes against pakistanis
yes, that delegation accomplished nothing whatsoever
Didnt a country recently take video from a drone strike simulator and claim it was proof of US war crimes?
I know North Korea used COD MW3 footage in their propaganda film and Activision ultimately DMC Takedowned it
speaking of RIP youtube
they've officially formally demonitized everything except for the large youtube channels, half of which are the ones that caused problems to begin with
yeah, they've been demonetizing things on shady grounds for a while but they've formally done it recently
doesnt help the takedown systems still broken
and we really need a law that penalizes misuse of it
the takedown system was a legal thing for that if a company takes down content upon request for copyright infringement thats hosted on them it makes them free from liability for hosting it
but there is no penalty system in place short of civil suits for damages for false claims and nobody wants to go through the process to do that for half of these groups which may not even be American
there are a few very reasonable adjustments to dmca that could've been done
that just never happened
such as ruling that after X False claims or more than X % False claims they lose DMCA rights and right to sue the host over it, then having to manually send cease and desists themselves
or that for each X false claim the person in question is owed Triplicate damage or something
same thing for falsely withholding someones safety deposit in many states
that kind of law would mostly fuck over the flagrantly fraudulent DMCAing people that youtube doesn't benefit from anyway
or the companies that are doing stupid things like putting too broad of a net up or monetizing tornado sirens, bird calls, or electronic white noise
all of which are illegal to copyright, especially the former
tornado siren is government public domain, can be used by anyone for anything.  The other two are ""natural phenomena"" which cannot be trademarked or copyrighted
(electronic noise can be debated but its widely considered to be a natural phenomena seeing no controlled process is needed to make it)
I hate this country sometimes
I grew up going to synagogue on saturdays and hebrew school on a weekly basis
(I was an incredibly shit hebrew school student)
Reminds me of the running joke in Judaism
you are a practicing jew, officially speaking, as long as you go to Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur services
everything else is optional
In other news, 
fuck wrong thing
sorry
here we go, this was the thing I actually meant to post
this is a thing?
Canada should be sanctioned for its dispersion of Pineapples on a Pizza
PANIC
I WAS RIGHT,  THE PINEAPPLE PIZZA IS TAKING OVER
if only there was some other country that had a large oil stockpile that could be used to make up for it that europe has been on better terms with
oh wait thats Iran
London historically has protests everywhere
seriously, every day theres a protest\
wouldn't that be like Charlottesville hiring Joseph Gobbels for their white supremacy problem?
What about Al Gore?
Is sealand even a thing at this point?
point
I still maintain if string theorists ever got near to the point of being able to accurately map human behavior via quantum motion then they all must die on principle
because perceived freedom of choice is a neccesity for human beings to remain sane
it is
here or #philosophy
which is nigh empty and basically dead
amen
the truth is that we need to believe our choices actually matter to remain sane
and sanity IS subjective
not really?
Even people who don't want to make decisions want to know their decisions matter
if you choose to let someone else make the decision you still make that choice
and that choice to let the other person decide still matters
if all of your actions are meaningless and you're basically just living like a machine than you will become at the very least depressed
doubtful
predictable outcomes are different from a non-significant decision
your actions will probably result in that but it will because of your actions, not because the universe said it must
look at a nice place to visit, that was a good example of it
I've been multi tasking
I get into this argument a lot about how you can't really bitch about US spending on Israeli military when the US overspends so heavily on US military as is
cut US Military budget THEN you can bitch about spending on Israel
I'm... I'm not sure what these cartels are expecting pulling shit like this
It didn't work out for escobar and it wont work out for them either
and to make matters worse the police have an extra 30 years of experience with these tactics and the government doesn't have itself mired in cold war problems
I don't see how anyone can decide bombing a police station is a good tactic for your cartel
Mildly NSFW Urban Warfare: 
Gotta love these probably not legal usages of WP that everyone protects
US and Russia support usage of artillery like this even though its not meant to be used in urban environments due to setting shit on fire
and causing civilian casualties
also WP is one of the worst ways to die possible
also anyway @ixi not sure if you are here but to answer your question, white phosphorus is an oxidizer, it will not stop burning upon being ignited/detonated.
anything short of total submersion in water will not stop it from burning, including absence of oxygen and even a vacuum.
It is the flammable mateiral
it will eventually burn itself out but first it has a tendency to set everything in a city on fire before it burns out
plus its one of the most god awful ways to die because even if the burns dont kill you the phosphate poisoning will
and the smoke itself will melt your lungs
because phosphoric acid (the stuff commonly found in extremely low dosage in artificial lemonade powder) is fucking nasty shite in actual concentration
yes, it is allegedly one of the most horrific ways to die in war and part of why people wanted to ban tracers a while back
currently its legal because tracers are discriminatory and artillery generally is too, but you are still not supposed to use it in a city due to the risk of civilian casualties from fire
granted since the victim here is ISIS they can't exactly waltz up to UN monitors and report it
still doesn't mean there weren't civilians around the vicinity of that WP shelling
uhhhh
Paige McCabe just stepped down
Do we have permission to panic yet?
Deputy Director of the FBI
Guy whose been in charge since Comey got Fired
fuck I'm an idiot
I mixed him up with the fucking worm character
dont tell thal plz
they'll make fun of me
WHY DOES THAT PING YOU
They're on terminal leave until march
that is the question
and its a concern because if its a Trumpster then they can fuck over everyone
"The FBIs attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed, but my resolve has never been stronger..."
half of trumps offices havent had people replaced
state department still doesn't have anyone leading it
theres a reason whatshisname was running everything even though he was department of interior
and for why General Mattis can do all the shit hes doing
hes been saying and doing shit that, under a normal presidency would be borderline treason, but on this one is actually good
such as telling the military in, apparently, multiple NATO bases across europe and the middle east that they need to stay strong and use their judgement until the shitstorm in America is resolved
effectively telling generals that they can second guess the presidents orders and bump it up the chain of command if they get weird or questionable orders
this ignores that he has testified that, if Trump were to give an order to deploy nuclear weapons, the top generals (presumably himself included) would judge whether or not their is an imminent nuclear threat, and if not would decline the order and sit down with Trump and other relevant individuals to discuss viable alternatives
what was NOT said here was that one of those relevant individuals would almost certainly be the speaker of the house who would promptly flee the room and call an impeachment hearing or emergency injunction
Its some interesting politics their.  It'd allow the military to stay a ""neutral"" party and avoid a nuclear war without full on C O U P B O I ing
when Kim Jong Un realized in 2015 that he would not be able to achieve supremacy in any rational scenario and turned to more esoteric memes
shunting our entire planet into the meme dimension
shit, esoteric means*
not memes
Wow, the grassroots Kentucky candidate is beefy
Goddamn ex marines, I would not wanna fuck with that person
Watching CNN
Both these people are idiots
The numbers are idiotic to discuss
Transits changed completely
English isn't even our national language
Christ
Reads like how you'd expect one of WBs end ringer attacks to go
1700 people injured or killed by explosions since Mosul was taken that were placed or fired BEFORE Mosul was liberated
Explosives*
I am in awe
The Republican Party managed to push a bill that is even more dead on arrival than the last two healthcare bills
And those were pretty dead
Plus it's already painfully obvious places like Texas can't be arsed to fund themselves even with a stable and large GPD
GDP*
As we've seen with Texas not having a disaster budget despite getting horrific natural disasters every 40 years or so
They had a worse F5 in 1901 that became a whole infamous scar on the state, they don't have an excuse
Welp, my faith in humanity lost
This isn't how Islam works even in radical Islam
Human sacrifice is capital H Haram
This did not happen in all likelihood ell
 Note there is NO evidence that the rohingya attacked civilians
It sounds like they hit a police station in retaliation for hardcore harassment and got genocided
This story is almost certainly fabricated propaganda
But what's disturbing is this is not an isolated thing, hell the comments of this are all Hindus jumping onboard and justifying genocide and race warring
Also there's been other gems like that the military and prime minister claiming the rohingya were burning themselves out of there homes
Or that the military was too focused and disciplined to rape and pillage the rohingya and that the rohingya women were too ugly to rape anyway
Which is absolute nonsense
Media can't get in to see it anymore but they've been following refugees and monitoring satellite and smoke trails
And the fact that there are no Hindu villages burning is telling
Let's not mention that the American military is one of the most disciplined on earth and STILL has rampant rape
Yeah, you should see some of the estimated stats
It's obscene
Granted it's to be expected and the military does crack down internally but it's a widespread problem
Remember that this is a place people are expected to kill other people on command on
In
You are going to get people more inclined towards violent crime in the military, and more aggressive people in general
Do you want me to start linking studies?
Actual psych mind you
The example was, American military is an example of a highly disciplined military
They still have widespread rape
So to say your military does not rape as a third world country is nonsensical
Because if it's an issue here you sure as hell bet it is elsewhere
That was speculation to Ella Rudy asking about the sexual assault star
Ellardy*
Fucking autocorrupt
This is going to cause another fucking Berlin crisis
Turkey and Iraq and Iran are gearing up to try to starve them out
And Israel has sided with the Kurds
I wouldn't be surprised if they started airlifting food aid
Goddamn it trump
So yeah, what the fuck what the actual fuck
How do you do THAT much damage for christs sake in Nevada where everyone and there cat owns a rifle
Running theory is it's another columbine style person
Someone with a victims complex despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary
Speculation
Update: it's a country, bluegrass concert this happened at
Suddenly things are a lot less grim
wait fuck
I deleted that damn it
I was making a bad joke in another channel realized I was in the wrong one and could've sworn I deleted that
Fuck I suck with IRC
What was Orlando in comparison again?
73 was the one at that theatre
Shit
Whys I think Aurora was worse?
Ech the Donald is defending miss myanamar and there war against the rohingya on the ground of it being Islamic terrorism
Except that flies in the face of reality which suggests this genocide was a long time coming and the rohingya are basically being treated like gypseys
Seeing the staunch denial of rape I suspect that the attack on the police station that started this was provoked or an honor/revenge killing
I mean everyone involved who could say so is dead but the military statements that the rohingya women are too ugly to rape are clearly absolute nonsense
Seeing that is not how the reality we inhabit works
They are islamophobic as shit
And the rohingya being the bad guys supports there reality
Despite it being clear this genocide is one sided
On a serious note
There is something to be said for the acts of heroism in vegas
The people at ground zero did a lot of things, some were effective, some weren't, but the fact that people picked others over themselves, did first aid and triage on the ground, made makeshift gurneys and used pickups as ambulance, and donated blood as they did all reflects on the virtues of America
In the face of its many flaws
?
Ah
I suspect that Serbia is arming the Kurdish peshmerga
There's several videos that show new Serbian made equipment and it's all military make
Serbias in the EU and turkey is in NATO so that would arguably be very bad if it was overt
And Serbia REALLY hates turkey and has reason to weaken them as a nation and power player
I'm just trying to figure out whether the Kurdish uprising with Iraq justifies the quantity or if they show up enough in other videos
This is what I get for watching internet propaganda and combat footage too much
Crimea was only a Russian military base because of Ukrainian oil debt
They'd redeem a bit each time Ukraine extended the lease
Because I have the patience and attention span of a horsefly on meth?
Same doc I missed it too
What about the tatars?
Who have been actively suppressed as s culture and political entity in Crimea
They're a significant minority in Crimea and they have a bad history with the Russians, who have already shown signs of cracking down on them a la Chechnya
My point is you can't say the Russian annexation of Crimea is harmless and peaceful and have this shit going on
They have the right to complain, you just took over there home
Oddly enough nobody knows or cares about this one, sure it's a low grade ethnic cleansing but it's still an ethnic cleansing in progress
Wow
My Hebrew class has a bunch of Jews, a Chinese student, a Pakistani, and a Palistinian and we've had some interesting talks
But yeah, not defunding planned parenthood would be useful alongside actually providing contraceptives
And actually having sex Ed on top of that would be AMAZING but apparently we cannot leave the 1970s with that
They also are more likely to be used wrong
As environmentalists say.  This is not a scientific dispute, this is a political one
Checkmate
You do know the human body is adapted to conceal signs of estrus and it isn't a static thing
It has several weeks of error
And also for whatever reason women are statistically viewed as most attractive when ovulating... for whatever reason
Human body doesn't make it obvious when fertile.  Otherwise you'd get a lot more rape and a lot more infanticide and we don't reproduce fast enough to afford that.  There's a whole cool comparative psych thing on this
For exactly why human sex culture is the way it is
Best example is dolphins which also conceal estrus as part of there avoiding of infanticide
Because 16 month gestation and 1 offspring
Because just watch the menstral cycle flies in the face of that
You are trying to track reproductive trends the human body actively conceals even as the human body subconsciously encourages sex when fertile
It's just not gonna happen for the majority of adults
It's not the eggFUCK how do I spell that damn word
Eggaturated?
Fucking hell I give up
YES
it's not the exaggerated "I must have sex" shit you see in porn or *cough* certain fandoms.   But there is definitely an encouragement to have sex when the body is actually fertile
So unless y'all want to drug the shit out of the water and modify society Orwellian hellscape style, birth controls the easier choice
And it's raining
Abandon West Virginia imo
So what happens if he US imposes sanctions and the world ignores it as invalid
Or imposes counter sanctions
Because the other nations in this deal consider America pulling out as breach of contract
Shocking
Absolutely shocking, who would think the guy who said women’s soccer could be improved by women wearing shorter skirts would commit sexual assaults
Next you’ll tell me mousillini sexually assaulted people
So who wants to bet on trumps major announcement?
Frivolous investigation, investigation interference, pardon of awful person, migrant ban, subsidy fuckery, or a trans military ban?
I’m convinced that Mugabe is unironically senile
His speech managed to confuse everyone
Yes, it’s what the cool presidents are doing
So, how about dat Flynn plea deal
Doubtful
But it might be pointed at his son
Or sons
They took down the whole FIFA board like that bel
Got one dude on tax evasion
Then got the rest through him
As a wise man once said
It just works
Wait never mind that was Todd Howard
Try liberal crime squad
  Liberal crime squad was made b
By toady, the guy who made dwarf fortress
Also made World War I medic.  A game about being a medic and not getting shot in the face
Trump may have admitted to accessory with that
So yeah
And we have court precident they tweets can be taken as testimony
That’s him being a douchebag
Not being bad at grammar
He can’t use the “”finger quotations”” so he had to improvise
I’ll fite you el
They don’t teach English grammar lessons in loompaland
Well, good news is the courts expected to rule in favor of the couple here
Chances are they took this case to establish that cakes are a good product, not an artistic endeavor
Fucking autocorrupt
Food product not an artistic endeavor
The good news is that the republicans are losing majority next year for sure
So most of this won’t hold over
Especially if trump gets impeached or the Alabama guy is arrested
There are scenarios where that happens
Notably if he fires Mueller, orders a nuclear strike, or attempts to pardon his son
Or if the FBI implicate him
Never drink and drive a Delorian
Mistakes were made and a few unfortunate rodents got roadkilled at unfortunate time periods
We should start a petition to not close the petition site
Oh how scandalous
This is up their with impeaching a president because he lied about having an affair in the White House
I’m not sure what Spain expected with the Catalonia vote bye
Btw*
Did they expect to look good with the response and have a landslide victory?  Because what happened was downright obvious to anyone.  If you do semi fascist things in a region that thinks you are behaving too fascist then you are going to have a bad time unless you rig the election.  Good luck getting away with that in the EU
Awww, are you telling me I’m not allowed to either condone or condemn the Serbian people as a whole?
 
No bbc, the opposition of Venezuela doesn’t accuse the governments socialist policies of having ruined the nation
They accuse the current and past regimes embezzlement policies of having done that
Especially the fact that a significant amount of money (more than 7 figure) was put aside for ecological restoration, conservation, and regulation of sewage dumping into a major river way that ... well... there is no that... the money up and vanished and the government never brought it up again
AAAAAAAAAAA
This is a real human being!
I Wanna die!
Uhhhhh
If this is legitimate the bombshell everyone was aware of has just gone off
This would be the second swatting incident where someone was shot (last incident involved rubber bullets and the swatter in England getting charged with attempted murder and conspiracy to commit murder.  )
1 sec
There’s a few others but none are great sites
There abc is reliable
Yeah, this was the first swatting incident someone actually was shot in
The seconds the one allegedly being reported on
Well, the swatter in the swatting homocide has been arrested
The actual guy who gave him the address and asked him to swat it hasn’t been detained yet but his username is known and the UMG is cooperating (group he was playing through)
There are also the “freshman is a slur” feminists
And I hate those feminists, learn to prioritize damn you
There are several dozen higher profile higher consequence issues to handle first on their agenda
By the way, I said I’d share this here a while back, but he guy I follow on Twitter for obscure military stuff is @aldin_ww who is a Bosnian military analyst.
Guys anti American but keeps track of interesting things and does good summaries of data and also acknowledges DoD evidence as legitimate which is nice
Didn’t actually share the twitter name only where I sourced from
One of the three analysts. I follow, one of them him, ones NOAA and one is a Turkish boat photographer who the running theory is his job as a naval consultant is literally a half assed excuse by American and Russian spies to pay him to continue photographing naval traffic through the bosphorus
Poor Catalonia
Heh
Didn’t the brits have that whole fancy war with Spain?
That Spain’s still mad about claiming Gibraltar from?
That war cause because the queen of England blue balled the king of Spain or something equally banal?
And cost Spain its navy and empire
Ah
Hey I’m American you know our schooling
It’s the one with the battle of trafalgar? Maybe
Wait no fuck
You’re right
Yeah I was thinking of Elizabeth turning down philips marriage offer
My history game is not strong
Google is for the weak
Goddamn
That Chinese oil freighter that collided with a grain freighter last week?
It’s still on fire
Entire crew presumed dead but only three bodies recovered because the ship is that fucking hot and toxic
And apparently is periodically exploding still
Seems like they are waiting on it to either sink or burn itself out at this point
If there WERE survivors onboard they seem to have gotten the Kursk treatment
I suspect the oil leak fears and Iranian involvement are the only reasons China hasn’t torpedoed the boat at this point
Or probably used some other technique of sinking the thing like America did that Japanese vessel
At some dubious point the boat ceases to legally be a boat and becomes a maritime hazardous obstruction
And that’s why I’m not allowed within 200 feet of a political rally
Oh hi druza
Shit sorry
But yeah generally I consider wwii and the holocaust to be two different entities
Germany was starting up the holocaust long before they started fighting England and the rest of Europe
They weren’t widely known but that was mostly for preventing international outrage or for the Jews catching on (they did anyway)
Germany was widely supportive
I’m in bed on phone so dont have on hand but can pull up in a bit when I come back
But the polish government and I think the Czech Republic were also generally supportive
Polish people were not and Poland officials regretted the decision when Germany fucking burned down half of Warsaw in 1944
Because the Warsaw ghetto purging was a catastrophic failure that managed to actually cost Germany several tanks and hundreds of soldier lives
Which they absolutely couldn’t afford
Turns out when you announce you intend to murder the entire ghetto worth of people they don’t like it very much, who woulda guessed (whole occupation of Poland was a mess)
The German plan was to vaguely work the polish people to death
Yes, that plan is as stupid and poorly thought out as you think it is and everyone knew it even back then.
They didn’t even expect the Jewish people to be integrated into the polish population, so they were surprised when there was no pre existing Jewish district in Warsaw
And the ghetto was poorly made as hell for a year with flagrant holes in the wall and an entire Jewish spy network
The polish fought Germany
They got curbstomped but they tried
Most people forget because the polish war against Germany went the way of the Iraqi war against America
Germany was widely supportive
Not Poland
And the polish officials were supportive as a concession initially
I’m in bed on phone so dont have on hand but can pull up in a bit when I come back
Polish government
Not Poland
There’s a distinction
Would you say our government is a good representation of the American people ?
They fucking gave over the census of Jewish families in Poland to the SD
SS*
So Germany would go easier on the rest of Poland
They were in damage control mode and wrote the Jews off
 It was an unacceptible action and thousands died due to it
Brb
these were local police forces recruited to help the Germans kill Jews
They are government officials they count
I need to sleep
I’ll argue this later
Looks like international politics are occurring in Syria
Turkeys started sending bombing runs into the Syrian kurds that are backed by America and Russia is gearing up to start shooting them down
Turkish planes
And Russia can potentially shoot them down with impunity as it puts America in an awkward spot
Because the Turkish are fighting allies of America and are the aggressors
So NATO technically doesn’t apply
But on the other hand that sets a shit precident
The currently fleeing guy from catalon got re elected to lead Catalunas representative house
This does bring a question up
Depending how the British consider this status they could be considered foreign combatants and seeing the British don’t arrest Greek soldiers for killing Turks that’d be legal or they could consider them vigilantes and then this all counts as murder
Also depends if Turkey is kicked from nato
They might be for grossly misusing NATO resources, war crimes, and attacking a US ally
Germany is PISSED at them over the leopard thing, and if America had a functional state department turkeyd be in some shit
Fucking fascists
Gross misrepresentation or not, limiting conversation on the holocaust is only going to help it slip into the past
What the fuck....  seriously what the fuck Indonesia
This isn’t even illegal in Indonesia
Did I miss context?
