I think the problem with WD [Warlordism] is that warlordism is a less interesting background for capes than civilian government. Giving capes social and political power - rather than leaving it largely or solely in the hands of civilians - is less interesting than giving them overwhelming physical power but forcing them to work within social and political frameworks set by civilians.
As dead as Baltimore.
It shows up as #WeaverDice to me.
"15:46:07 Olivebirdy: Can I have the Flaw suggestion link?" 'bow doesn't consult any suggestion docs on that because it's more effort than it's worth.
@soulpelt|: Do the same thing you'd do if a character rolled Reus for an already physical power; the intended kind of power was not the one the character got, but at an oblique angle to it.
"You have a combat-oriented secondary power" and "your power was supposed to be physical."
if betas could have an uprising they wouldn't be betas
It's the uprising of the betas. Pretty straightforward, I'd think.
I never got why "affiliation" was the term on the sheet for Hero/Villain/Rogue. It should be "Alignment" or maybe "Disposition" but affiliation is just confusing and has too much semantic overlap with faction.
Somebody else has written such a thing, I'm afraid.
I second spelt; what defines "desirability" is definitely an issue with the new Cauldron system as written. Cauldron's motives and methodologies are pretty opaque in canon, I couldn't really tell you what they're looking for. Maybe there's enough WoG floating around but it's hard to count on everyone (both the Cauldron cape and whoever happens to be in the channel at the time) obsessively reading all of that.
Yes?
Sure.
It's a self-oriented trigger. I'd point towards cybernetics, power suit, or similar for a major theme.
I almost want to say, single device focus, core device is a "visor/sensory suite" deal, can be enhanced with various tricks towards certain directions. Enhanced vision radius, environmental analysis that helps with movement, rapid analysis of enemies for weakpoints, etc.
Clunky power armor, then?
Re: cheap suits. Most Tinkers have a cost/benefit range, able to make things that are good but expensive or not-so-good but relatively cheap. If he can only make crappy suits then that's pretty limiting, unless he can share them with others or operate them remotely or something.
Makes power suits, suits are bulky and move slowly and with little coordination, but also have a tendency towards heavy weapons?
Tubes wanted heavy firepower.
Powersuits is self-focused, which fits the trigger.
...
So... is it used or no?
It's true.
Everyone knows that.
reduced ath/dex
Ah, a sort of Bakuda thing. People should pay attention to/respect me.
Best way to accomplish that? Overwhelming firepower.
isn't tubes the gm
Are we talking rays, AoEs, darts, or what? And where'd tubes go? He didn't seem to like this idea then he disappeared.
pick a life flaw, 1-57, that you like: 
just hit the button on my watch.
Emotionally unstable.
Stimulant addiction.
Ruin isn't in 1-57.
He picked no respect.
Can anyone name somebody who got "no respect"?
An actual character.
In WD.
Because of the rules regarding his life flaw roll.
pick two doesn't make sense
Oh, ugh. "Decide prior career/history prior to rolling/picking."
Philosophy major.
But that's not necessarily the transition point.
you... roll, but the results have to be justifiable?
Just somebody who doesn't respect themselves.
Need your input on character history and whether you want to go did transition/is transitioning/will transition.
honestly, the "you have to pick character background" thing seems like a BIG slowdown for this perk.
at least if you pick "did transition."
Oh, you're still picking through flaws?
I thought you wanted No Respect.
Are you cool with the power that got picked out?
Was talking to tubes.
yeah
Certain flaws incorporate that, but other than that, no.
flaws/perks
flaw: No Respect; perk: Transgressio at double strength. Still hasn't rolled the triple flaw for Icarus's Rise because Transgressio requires a lot of input and shit before it's done.
wb was saying that you take (e.g.) BOTH an asset upgrade and $1k, not that (e.g.) you've transitioned once and will transition again.
Okay. Roll $life flaw three times, and WAIT FOR EACH ONE TO FINISH before you roll the next.
it's $life flaw, not $life. $life will produce both perks and flaws.
And one more.
...
Reroll for two of a kind or is he just SoL?
hallucinogen addiction seems least deleterious
but honestly i don't see why the player wouldn't get to pick for it
well, anyway, that his character done for now?
well what if I want to pick something terrible.
$claim 28 Ledyard [RedWyvern]
$tinker
So, never?
@yewn
Anybody doing anything? I'm toying with a campaign and want to roll up the last few NPCs with $used.
Maybe. I've got it mostly written up but no promises.
A finished character sheet.
Not really.
...also the thought suddenly occurs that a biochemical-based Tinker is possibly not the best fit for the Tinker death trap.
Well, as long as he can shoot SOMETHING with his tinkertech
Oh, you don't have to be a good GM to run a game.
I still haven't gotten my session.
Anyway, NPC power gen?
$used
Hmm.
little close to the end of the list, yeah
let me reroll
$roll 1d200+2
$used 69
breaker
i've got too many brutes in the city as is
there's like... nine out of thirty.
Breaker, alternate state is a pervasive, noxious effect that spreads through a broad area.
just something generically deleterious
exact effect undefined
Want to say something like... becomes a sort of broad, glowing effect, spending extended periods of time exposes you to Burns.
Anyway, that's enough for an NPC, unless somebody has a brilliant idea they're typing up right now.
and i'm tired and there's about to be a game or two on, so i'll do the others tomorrow.
tubes is running
Tubes, did you ever run that session for Moloch?
What room did you use?
Anybody up for some NPC power gen?
$used
Yeah.
Shaker more than Master.
Actually, let's edit it a little, since I have too many damn Brutes as is, and say you can't find the road at all.
Shaker Mover works, sure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Honestly not super feeling any of them, or the trigger. Let's just roll a new trigger.
$used
Blaster, Striker, Shaker, Thinker.
not Brute, no injury yet
Breaker?
Stranger, I guess. I don't know to what extent "you are afraid for your life but the fear is irrational" counts as Stranger versus Blaster.
Oh, that's a cool idea, Panth.
Needs a little bit of a gimmick, I think.
beyond what it has already.
Feels "flavorless," if that makes sense.
$power
Oh, sure, that works.
new table is different
$roll 6d8
5,7,10
Nose, Mouth, Skin.
I feel like not making "hands" one is hugely missing the point, here.
too goofy, imo.
Body is silvery/pearly, "glistening" effect, generally very white, patches of color on face that create haunting/monstrous face mask, mouth full of fangs, elongated claws that are imbued with special effect.
Hmm, true.
otoh, he did actually roll "moderate" for skin.
"severe" was for mouth
Eh, it's an NPC so I don't have to stick exactly to the rules. I'll do some touching up on my own time.
I think one more, yeah.
$used
Stranger.
the Stranger problem is basically everybody, rather than one individual or a small group.
brb, ~10m
I'm rolling used triggers, for NPCs.
I think midget clowns became the extremely poo poo "strip 1cm" power.
yeah, I like it, it works.
heavy and lightweight should be worth 1 point, they're ludicrously expensive for their fairly marginal advantage.
Anyway. I actually think I could do with one more - I think I might want to replace one of the powers I have right now with this one.
$used
Too recent, I remember really clearly what power it got.
$used
Master.
mixed element of crowd isolation and single loss
I was thinking of something like that, but "taunt" is a bit overdone.
"Your girlfriend died" is minion Master, "nobody's paying attention to you" is people Master, I feel like.
Hmm.
Okay, I have an idea I like, inspired by this stuff.
The latter.
The idea is slightly oblique and not immediately obvious, so.
I'm planning out a new campaign. Not sure if I'll actually run it.
It's up to your GM, honestly.
yeah
"While the phrase "hand-to-hand" appears to refer to unarmed combat, the term is generic and may include use of striking weapons used at grappling distance such as knives, sticks, batons, or improvised weapons such as entrenching tools."
re: stat ranges. this is about where i'd ballpark it based on mechanics: 
5
stats run 0-5 for unpowered humans
Hmm.
No, 5 is just peak human, and Weaver Dice isn't generally about playing a peak human with superpowers.
Yep.
You can exercise to increase Brawn a pip but that's it.
not sure if that's changing
Getting skill points.
Some powers get stronger/broader/etc.
I think, generally, people are only going to set stats to 1 if they have a character concept (or trigger) that really fits it. There is some advantage to it - that's a lot of points freed up - but it really puts heavy definition on your character in a way that you're not liable to go for if you're just minmaxing.
You can get a level 5 skill.
Play a character with a 4 in [Stat], buy 4 in [Skill], get an extra point by studying over the course of play.
"Time spent in classes, in a similar fashion, will unlock a skill or increase one’s relevant ability in that skill by one; this one point can exceed the cap."
yeah.
Well.
I'm not sure you can buy more than one point in a skill?
or, earn, I mean
like if I study Martial Arts over the two year timeskip in Vancouver am I going to be able to reach Martial Arts 5? (from 1 at the start)
the language seems to imply otherwise
presumably 5 is peak human skill
if not peak human talent
my character is literally a martial arts autist.
because sometimes players are peak human.
or characters in general.
it's generally from trigger event
Apoc's Runaway has a Social 5 because he's spent basically his entire life lying.
the soccer trigger (used 299) would've been a good excuse to have a 5 Athletics.
probably some others
powers should definitely not give 10 pips to Guts
unless like... you're Crawler.
even then
Generally powers that give stat bonuses give them on top of pre-existing stats, so you can raise or lower them a bit by spending points normally.
so you're a mid range Brute with a +4 to Brawn, so you can raise it (to 8) or lower it (to 6) and get/spend a point that way.
and if you get in a fight with Hatchet Face you're down to whatever
Yes.
Weaver Dice is like 1st/2nd edition D&D: your character is randomly generated, probably not particularly exceptional in any way, and a big part of "role playing" is coming up with creative non-rules-based solutions to problems.
Maybe not your female characters.
I feel like it was that there was a limit to starting female strength, not a strict malus.
I don't think that's an appropriate response to minmaxing metagamers, personally.
I feel like it's best to just talk to your players in that case.
and soccer/299 was a trigger who was potentially going to become a professional soccer player, which requires a very high degree of raw athleticism.
that's skills
which, yes, you can get to 5 in without a trigger justification
over the course of play
theoretically
Teller.
He's the one who turned it on iirc.
turns off colors
not even italics and bold?
it's been established who it was
want to roll up another NPC?
weird colors make it hard to read your posts
and your posts aren't generally worth taking the effort to read anyway. (<- this is a joke don't kick me)
You're a shit writer.
Now to read it over.

@bottom

the new link should take you to the relevant section
It feels weird to refer to skills/gear/etc by saying "to your right" and "below" and such.
just click "End" on your PC's keyboard
yeah
I feel like there should also be something more in terms of "character creation advice." My two major points to cover would be: don't take the character in some weird 180° direction from the trigger/perks/flaws, and give the GM something to use.
they do though.
anyway. npc power gen?
$used
it was used already
I think it's old.
like back when people made two line triggers, which they used to.
somebody fucking alphabetized the entire trigger doc, quan.
the used section, anyway
by the time i realized there had been a bunch of other changes so I couldn't revert
Yes
but I would have to manually copy paste every single trigger that's been made since.
and every single one that's been used.
and so forth.
you can just make something up
@teller
I almost want to say a hand-focused Changer power with an element of skill and precision, but I've got no idea where to go on that.
possibilites sounds like some bronze age semitic people
Really?
I was thinking like, I dunno, wire claws or something
npc trigger
$used 123
It makes me think of my Baton Rouge character, who is a glass body Stranger/Changer that I will definitely get to play, ha ha ha.
i'm laughing on the outside, crying on the inside
I was GMing for real people.
His specific problem is with the assets system, which he feels has been historically maligned and is unsure if you want to directly port it over.
Hmmm.
@Moloch: basically the same as now, except you could get skill points by trading away your cell phone and your internet connection.
Hmmm.
Batman is a Thinker.
Oh, also, Teller. Could you maybe make it so that $used doesn't pick up the last 30-50 triggers, since those are generally fresh in people's memories?
@Shem: Hunch is a canon precog with a hunchback, iirc.
what Firlz said. the new gameplay rules don't have to-hit and the old ones still have +1/+0.
it's really weird
no, -1 is you pick the exact wound
(of the ones available)
Okay. You get a +1 for random body part; +0 for chosen body part. +0 for random wound; -1 for chosen wound (Hacked/Butchered/Sliced/Etc).
Yes.
No.
it's a "-2" from "+1"
+1: random body part/wound; +0: pick a body part, random wound; -1: pick a body part and a wound.
"19:20:41 ErisMaenad: Sorry, I realized how unspecialized the question was. I meant is it like a national generic 911, or something specialized for each city?" 911 is emergency services (EMS/police/firefighters) so almost certainly it's 911 in case of emergency. There's probably also an office number and shit.
You got a Ward killed, good work...
If you get really lucky, you kill them IRL.
but smear isn't dead, hahaha, baltimore could happen again, hohoho.
want to do npc gen?
$used
Shaker.
Blaster, I suppose.
behemoth is an ambulatory physical threat
but i have too many blasters atm anyway.
it's large-scale abandonment and a large-scale threat
something like Sundancer, maybe? generates a large projection with an elemental effect.
oh, I totally missed that
The city I'm working on actually experienced near-total destruction at the hands of Behemoth though so I feel like still being there fits better.
@Ace: in the description you got "out in time, before Behemoth turned your city into a hellish wasteland," which my eyes slid over and misinterpreted.
Something along the lines of Skitter, but with small elementally-themed projections instead of bugs?
Two feels like a strange number here - I'd go with one - but I do like it.
$luck
Okay, that's pretty straightforward.
Worm has a mind of its own.
$roll 1d6
big
Hmm.
$roll 1d2
one second, let me just finish the notes
$used
*sighs at Proth*
I have too many Brutes.
i'm rolling used, olive
for NPCs
$used
Thinker.
green versus yellow/red from MGS
Hmm. I want to say, a Thinker power that ties into specific equipment. You use a given piece of equipment, your power starts to give you better and better skill with it over time - and it's that piece alone. Not swords in general, that sword.
yeah. Not sure about it, it's more a PC power than an NPC one.
sure, I suppose.
yeah, had a similar idea, psychometry fits alright but it's not super interesting
$used
Hmm.
No, because I'm not 100% sure I'll actually do it.
the guy who got smushed by a rock because he didn't fight back at all like a chump
I wrote a thing, somebody tell me what they think of it: 
the core book's headings are left-justified
I dunno. I wouldn't say every time you should do that, but sometimes the trigger event is generic, the perks are power only, and you're left floundering for anything to latch onto.
generic or basically irrelevant
it's a proper noun
or, not a proper noun.
it gets capitalized like Senator.
I'm pretty sure Paperdoll was years after her trigger.
Blue Bomber was also a pretty fun PRT cape.
Close enough.
PRT-Adjacent.
[insert joke about how it won't finish here]
RIP Blue Bomber
RIP Pelter.
"designing your character not as somebody who’s interesting to play or who fits into the world, but as someone who is mechanically powerful" - this isn't metagaming. what's a better word? munchkining? minmaxing?
Ah, powergaming. That's the word I was looking for.
what game?
claim and increment
if they have an alien brain parasite that ups aggression to an insane degree they do
"shyness" isn't an entire personality
cripes.
that would be cool though
i like dol's idea.
-1/-2 to Social rolls dealing with groups/crowds.
just say if you fail it comes out all stutter-y and pathetic.
where's the perks/flaws suggestion thing?

is how i'd do it
only for crowds
dark blue
desaturated blue?
@Shem: part of the problem with social rolls in general is that rolls are asked for after you already typed out what you're saying.
God, this place has too many rules.
while it's a bit awkward sometimes, it means that stuttertype isn't going to happen that much.
It tends to go more like: "I'm proud to be a member of this team, and hope to prove myself to you all." || ((Roll Social)) !roll 1d6 2 "You stumble over your words, coming off less as a humble newbie and more as a nervous civilian." ||
it's kind of sad because it's fun to roll a 1 and then get to RP acting like a fucktard, but alas, such is life.
social rolls are always kind of awkward in RPG systems
I fucking hate having players come up with some incredibly stupid idea that by no means should ever work at all, and then roll a 20.
you have to damage him first
That's animal cruelty. Your pokemon is being confiscated.
Power sometimes fails to activate, but builds up increasing oomph. with each failed activation.
doesn't work too well for things like Brutes, though.
Power sometimes fails to activate, but builds up increasing oomph. with each failed activation.
listen to podcasts while playing vidya.
steal it
did somebody alphabetize the fucking trigger list again
that's a rhetorical question because it's obvious that they did
it's the main
it's fine
just annoying how it keeps happening for no apparent reason
the trigger doc
I think I figured out how to do it. Somebody try to sort the trigger doc.
yeah, it should be done
afaict, yeah
I have an idea, let me try it.
okay, try to sort now
Great.
I protected the last line instead of the first one.
When did the trigger events doc get protected?
trigger 58 was used, wasn't it?
the exploding sticky monster thing for... Panda's game, I want to say?
"otherchat is 10/10 atm" I don't believe you, and I also won't check to confirm or deny.
trigger vetting: 
moving, burying my grandfather.
v2: 
define "big city"
also do you mean protectorate-protectorate or protectorate+wards?
separate, non-government teams?
hero teams
it's $power flaw, pretty sure

he just picked the tinker costume thing
i think versatility was a joke
page of cups is tinker costume
well you have to go to the detail page
nah
page is like jack of hearts, face are like joker and poker rules
yeah it doesn't show on my rig either
well, I get a little box with four 0s in it
and i can copy and paste it into google docs to discover what it is
yeah
ghost images thing is not super great
on an unrelated note, did anything interesting happen while I was gone?
looks to me like he's trying to get Anti to think of a the Tinker worksheet for him.
goddammit
Actually,
nobody replied but I stuck it on the sheet anyways
trying to think, are there any overdone cliches in power gen other than imp/august prince variants for strangers?
Grab bags are multi-triggers.
Foil is explicitly a multi-trigger.
yeah, her "pair" is called March iirc.
which makes it hard to google
 "Foil is 17 and a senior. She triggered 3 years prior to her appearance, as part of a group trigger in New York. One of her old nemeses, March, was another part of that group trigger."
I dunno.
"A march or mark was, in broad terms, a medieval European term for any kind of borderland, as opposed to a notional "heartland"." is what I always assumed it's a reference to.
It is not fun to GM.
Because you are going to be basically running two simultaneous games, and just keep dumping one of them. Twice the work for not much payoff.
Did anything happen with the new Cauldron rules while I was gone?
I love to cheese as much as the next guy, but doing it for Grapple? Really?
you might as well cheese for reflexes
Homework. I remember doing that.
flip a coin, and when the coin comes down, you will know in your heart which one you want.
1 in every 8k. but honestly, the numbers kind of break down/don't make sense when you're dealing with large cities so just ballpark it.
as i said.
I think the problem is that the one in eight thousand number gets something reasonable/manageable for mid-sized cities, but due to the way that city population explodes at the far end - the largest city in any given country is generally 10x as big as the tenth largest - it stops working well past 500k-ish.
entities aren't worried about the massive chore of having to make up several hundred capes and dozens of different factions
It would logically make sense for it to have an extremely large number of capes, but making even fifty or sixty capes you can feel comfortable with requires a large amount of effort.
why fifth century china in particula?
*particular
your lack of intellectual curiosity is shameful.
curiosity lead to the development of the knowledge which enabled the industrial revolution, modern medicine, and urbanization on a heretofore unseen scale. it can kill a few cats.
FEELS GOOD.
this is a little first draft-y because it's a bit cobbled together, but tell me what you think: 
I'm not sure there were?
I'm looking at the discussion and she doesn't seem to mention it.
Oh, no, here it is, I guess.
"As far as I knew, all around me, in the walls of the school, in the corners, and crawling around the filthy interior of the locker, there were thousands of these twitchy, alien, distorted things that were each shoving every tiny detail about their bodies and their fucked up biology into my head."
her description of being in the locker pre-trigger is heavily focused on claustrophobia, disgust, smell, inability to move. doesn't bring up the bugs until after she triggers.
there were obviously bugs in the locker when she triggered because there are bugs everywhere, in particular places with lots of decaying organic matter that has been left exposed to open air.
canon or WD?
thinking canon triggers we know with elemental manifestations: Grue, Purity, Skitter... I mean, I guess there was darkness/light/bugs around, but those things are kind of omnipresent.
oh, burnscar, I suppose
Number man: "In typical cases, the agent seemed to momentarily reach out to search the entire world, many worlds for reference material, to seize on the subject’s conception of a ‘bird’ or conception of ‘movement’, to build up an understanding of things that didn’t exist in the agent’s realm of experience."
that explicitly says it looks through the entire world though
go ahead.
I dunno. Feels tenuous from the canon triggers I can think of. There's Burnscar but there's also, say, Jack.
Lung's trigger didn't involve fire, did it?
powder
I'm sure you can keep up, you're just choosing not to expend the effort necessary to do so.
I'm trying to think of one other than Burnscar. Not "there is X somewhere in the block" but "X is causing the trigger" deals.
I guess Miss Militia too.
hmm.
I feel like it's almost inspiration rather than anything else, if that makes sense. Like, if you boiled Skitter's trigger power down to "disgust Master/Shaker/Thinker," bugs might not be what you wind up with, but at the same time, if you get the idea of bugs it's going to be linked by that disgust theme.
Enough! Kevin Norton killed Behemoth!
more dead cockroaches than anything else.
i killed a wasp a while back, that's somewhere under my bed now, i think.
christmas sucks when you become an adult because you have to buy shit for everybody else and that's a lot of money.
The only response to that is, "Oh, for sure my man."
I have three little cousins, here's a pro tip: don't buy them shit.
honestly kids don't want toys they want you to play with them
Just got back.
Mine is super WIP, m8.
Oh, armorface needs to get added to mine.
that was a second generation trigger from somebody who had manipulate dead matter as their power
lol at using Goku as an example
Goku is too chill to trigger.
Goku would be a Cauldron cape.
I guess maybe second generation.
it's super drafty
as [note: xxx] and just quoting a couple lines from chat and stuff suggests
lol
I was just saying that Goku is not a good example of a parahuman, since he would never trigger.
because he's too chill
Ah, yes, I watch RWBY.
Eris: Anti posted links to  and 
alright I added commenting
Comment whatever, I'll delete it anyway.
She shouldn't do that.
Sriracha.
See?
Hands up, who can read Cyrillic?
she's not 15.
she's 12.
okay, giving goku a worm power is dumb.
It's the newest Worm Resh character.

I'm joking. Resh is better than that.
It's the newest Worm Resh character < Very much not a Resh thing
Scion.
Eidolon.
Contessa.
You can't beat Contessa unless you have a power that shortcircuits her.
like Eidolon or Jack.
she's yet to ask the wrong question in like 30 years of operating, so I wouldn't count on it.
You know what I mean.
Dragon Unchained.
Anchorage villain.
Sessile Breaker state with AoE mind control.
that's me, yeah
I guess. It's super first draft though.
Mmm. I mean, that's in the core document.
none of them are necessary, but it can help come up with something fitting.
e.g. Teneral e.1: "Staying young had come with benefits.  The Crone, Schwarze Tante, had been able to give Ciara some of the time she’d stored away."
they're all poo
I kind of like Calamity's power.
My San Diego character. Thinker that makes shit break.
Why did you sign up for that? Sounds like you deserve everything you're getting.
a required class in autonomous transcendent universal of art?
have colleges gotten that bad?
savescum honestly sounds worse than simulrun, since at least simulrun might let you just do "Coil B is sitting on the train" while Coil A handles a tense negotiation.
Oh, did SD die?
RIP.
I want to see this person's character sheet.
It is sad that Antioch is such a fuddy-duddy, yes.
spacewhale magic should always include reasonable clothes protection, imo. Shapeshifting and such fucking up your clothes might be "realistic" but it undermines anyone's ability to take this damn game seriously.
I mean, Sundancer's fire immunity includes her clothes.
Night isn't naked when she shapeshifts back.
her power gave her immunity to Lung's fire in that fight
define 'skank.'
Great segue, Eris.
I feel like there's a lot of directions you can go with "promiscuous woman" that aren't skank.
Mistral's husband divorced her because she fucked around on him, and she also went out to get laid with some rando (because Zephyr wasn't biting) right after the thing with Posie in the subway.
rip baltimore
Arachne, Anansi, Jorogumo.
Drider.
I need a cape name for a teleporting psycho murderer teenage girl.
PRT named her.
17-19-ish.
Stabbing. No real preferred victim class, "targets of opportunity"/people who get nearby.
focus more on extremely hard to pin down psycho killer, less on teenage girl teleporter.
No, just the opposite. Very subtle.
Hmm. Harrier?
@Shem, sure.
she doesn't really act human. think Black Kaze when she was going ham.
nice CP, Eris.
Repeated, frantic stabbing with a knife.
Shameful.
stabber doesn't have a good sound to it
possible cities for an "X" name: Edinburg, Pharr, McAllen, Mission
them & strangers
if she's getting a non-title name it'll probably be Misericorde.
You expected to get to play Weaver Dice? You truly must be new.
pfft. work.
Yeah, I watch Family Guy.
Noise/signal.
While I'm not sure 3 is quite too many, it's definitely pushing against the line between a crisp, clear change and a mess pulling a power in too many different directions.
can anyone think of power ideas/concepts/issues/elements that come up occasionally (either here, Resh, or r/parahumans) but aren't stylistically Worm?
How so?
wait, are using totems as shorthand for conceptual powers?
@Bel
alright, I just finished a round of editing/expanding/etc the power gen guide thing. take a look, or don't. if Anti reads this, he can post it on Reddit if he still wants to I guess. 
go read smut
how are things bad in Dallas?
in Worm
you're saying that the situation doesn't make sense because there's problems in Dallas but Mexico's mostly cartel-free?
what problems?
could just be internal issues.
texas is the land route end destination for cuban refugees going through Mexico.
"dissuade USA from intervening by attacking it" feels like a strategy that didn't work out well for Pancho Villa.
maybe the Cartels were making inroads, then things turned around on them, a lot of elements fled over the border, things escalated from there?
they're definitely big in Wormverse
SA is half run by them
I feel like the biggest relevant difference between Mexico and SA is how close and heavily influenced it is by the USA. Could be PRT helped organize Mexican heroes/government using its own experiences in maintaining order.
what're you looking for?
can you search by clicking things instead of keypresses?
sounds like SA immigrants and pushed out Mexican cartels would make the most sense, then.
@Olive: "I don't know how to write [personality/backstory/etc]." I found that bullet point design is insanely good for writing backstory/personality/etc. You have a thought about how your character behaves? Stick it in "Personality" under a bullet point, just a sentence or two. Idea about where they're coming from? Bullet point, sentence or two, under background. Repeat until you're out of thoughts.
Trigger idea: you do a school shooting/workplace shoot-up/other spree killing with a gun. Thoughts?
yeah
lame
Is it?
could have happened in a different town if you really can't slot it in.
I mean, there was a serial killer trigger at some point.
which is about as big a news thing.
not actually getting to kill anyone defeats the whole point

I'm basically free.
We... don't?
I did Cauldron gen for Eris, it's not very hard to use what there is as a rough benchmark.
Is a chainsaw a Minor or Moderate Rend?
second trigger and second gen are closely related processes in any case.
Pretty sure he did.
Athletics does not reflect movement speed directly.
It's useful to tiebreak two "normal" humans, but most movement speeds higher than human are defined outside the context of Athletics.
reposting since scrags/anti are on. trigger vet: 
her old name was too long
so she cut off like... three letters
Oh, hey, welcome back.
trigger vet: 
have her RP as the dad?
Actually, what happens in a case like Triumph where somebody else buys the powers and the vial-taker mutates?
"
your choice of font has been noted" Noted and judged for.
it doesn't fit
that was easy
dual wielding pens are planned for the expansion
classy like Comic Sans
trigger vet: 
you could give me bitcoins ;P
slight modification to ending: 
if i'm counting right that's my fiftieth trigger.
I don't think you really want to be a Bastard Son minion.
I just stole from  and  , Char.
It is extremely confusing how they both have the same name, btw.

ack just writes weird stuff, chill out
Yeah, it is weird how Belaris isn't around.
"In terms of changer abilities, the Navaratna vial, seems to grant individuals distinct gem changerstates with variable powers that are typically defensive, offensive, or utilitarian." " Navartna's first test subject received sets of crystalline 'armor', with different weapons per armor set, while the second received a tinkering ability that alternated between classifications and gem forms,"
Hmm.
Silver spoon, bounces back from trauma, bubbly demeanor, idealism.
Power's Changer-type, albeit outwardly focused, with gemstone aesthetic.
That didn’t stop me from getting robbed one day, but dad seemed more shaken up than I was.
Hmmm.
Overprotective power?
A Changer state that's more a continuum than a straight line. At one end, fairly light personal gemstone armor, possibly with spikes to use as weapons. On the other end, heavy, clunky personal armor, with enhanced strength but costs in mobility and dexterity.
Can I ask your thought process on that point?
Oh, idea. Build-up is constant once she starts armoring up, but can "shed" it by firing off excess layers of gemstone as a blast.
Hmm.
True.
What about, three settings: "light armor," "heavy armor," and "shell" - the last of them being that the shard basically produces a hemisphere or cylinder of crystal around her, in a big enough radius to protect teammates and such.
5-10'?
Shedding was me trying to work blaster into the continuum concept in a "clean" way.
but, as you noted, Navaratna has discrete modes
Light is light crystal armor, high mobility (possibly even enhanced mobility, though not that much), possible melee weapons in the form of small spikes on armor; heavy is heavy armor, reduced mobility and dexterity, but greatly increased durability and strength; sphere is a tough shell surrounding the parahumans and nearby people.
presumably
I was assuming completely sessile.
and around as tough?
this one? 
Sure, just want to make sure we're agreed on concept.
three gem types: fluorite (light), unakite (heavy), jasper (sphere)?
it's got a really nice mixed green-red coloration tho.
cauldron has the cauldron luck thing too, though, right?

If you do luck 4 then you're always going to have 3 perks/flaws
luck 4 means 2, then you do cauldron luck which makes it 3
like how your san perlita cape has 3.
but always 100% sure to happen
Yes.
Hmm.
1d4
and again.
no, she needs to roll power perk
you roll two [thing] for cauldron luck, then pick the most appropriate
Oh, man, either of those could work.
Sweep is a secondary power. Hmm.
For Sweep, what about some kind of "crystal coats ground" effect, in addition to the core power?
Enhances parahuman's mobility on its surface, maybe forces checks on enemies moving a lot to keep balance?
Oh, tie it into the mode, that's an idea.
seems like the kind of thing that'd need a battle map to make sense
Hmm. Actually, I think triple mode doesn't work too well since what do you do for sphere?
True Use could be Unity mode, combines the best traits of all three, makes the parahuman a wrecking ball but at some severe cost. Versatility would probably be "add a fourth mode."
let's keep with sphere, since we agreed on that before luck
Hmm.
I like unstoppable growth with breaking off immediately upon completion, but a kilometer's ridiculous.
kilometer's way bigger than Endbringers
like... an order of magnitude or two
Maybe not a huge alternate form - I mean, big, but not "eat a building" big - but when the form ends, it shatters in a dangerous fashion?
here's a write-up: 
thoughts?
Oh, I guess it should say "shifts between four modes," since I started writing before luck
wasn't sure which'd be balanced
I guess can choose between Moderate and Minor
what's the word for "high-priority" abilities? Like Flechette, Siberian, Grey Boy, etc, where the power is just stupid so it cuts through normal defenses?

d6 and d8 armor mean roll a d6 or a d8 instead of a d4 for wounds; 5+ means it hits the armor instead
which is the current armor mechanic in game
unless bow changed it in the new version
nope, no armor in new vers yet
mm. fair enough.
+3?
well, she can evade, the pinky finger of the monster bits or w/e doesn't really matter to her
since all she's worried about is her own self
made Guts +3: 
should be
even if char wants to fiddle with it the basic concept's set
that lasts for like half a minute then explodes.
$classes
he and scrags were discussing how, in Lausanne, they deeply wish to become Simurgh bombs.
Tinker was the secondary, Thinker was the primary.
No.
Cuttlefish is still alive by the doc.
The legacy Suits aren't on the player list, though.
got beat up but no
went home and found that letter thing that bow didn't post iirc
Cuttlefish (bounty hunter tentacle changer): alive; Shemetz (Tinker/Thinker multitrigger): alive; SCG (robot footsoldiers Tinker): alive; Antioch (Cauldron C53 Tinker): alive; Quan (doom Striker with a suite of secondary abilities): dead; Fyf (sandpaper Shaker): dead; others: not on doc for some reason.
5% is a 5% chance, Char.
might be unlikely, but not that unlikely
Firlz is wrong.
Old Cauldron was 15-25% odds of C53 if you didn't add Balance, higher if it called for high chance of mutation (like 60%).
what are [] used for other than lists in python?
and [sic] I guess
is trigger 23 used?
or am I thinking of a similar trigger?
i'm thinking of a Blaster/Brute who generates projectiles at a distance and pulls them towards themselves to generate armor.
43 i think was used very recently
like what?
$classes

Panda, which game did you roll the past crimes ghost master for?
Fort Town?
I don't believe this is common wisdom, no.
$claim 43 Fort Town [Panda]
$master
I still think 23 was used.
I want to say for one of Eris's games.
okay, yeah, Moloch rolled it in september
for Char
for Charlotte, too
$claim 23 Charlotte [Moloch]
$brute
$blaster
i can't believe i had to boot up my desktop just to check my logs. god.
you people need to appreciate me more
Yes.
Problem?
Fam?
Fortunately, 43 was on my new laptop's logs, as it was recent. 23 was on my desktop.
since it was from, like, september
that doesn't even make sense
Smazing too.
murdering someone to pretend to kill yourself is a very Scraggy-type move.
no such thing
acting like a dishonest insane psycho.
ErisMaenad, you there?
I was rereading the Cauldron rules and think I messed it up.
long story short, Eris, I think you're supposed to roll for two [things], pick the one that fits better. not also roll $luck.
I was confused because it says "Player gets a Cauldron roll as well as a luck roll.  There is a chance of deviation if so desired.", but the doc itself never calls $luck "luck," and uses it only to refer to the $1d4 thing.
If you want, we can cut your flaws down to just the... depressant addiction? That was your choice of two, right?
also I have no idea what a "Cauldron roll" is supposed to be.
Normally I believe you choose it.
I chose it for Akane.
it's a one-shot
lol
that was fast
The good edition doesn't have you roll stats.
in 4e you had to use point buy
but 5e is garbage and mike mearls sucks so
It's okay to be wrong and have objectively bad opinions.
secondary Tinker

play to your power's strengths
Yeah, you pick a target, and you a) know where they are and b) get like a +4 for to-hit and cut through armor and cover.
(after several hours)
armor isn't that good
choose your battles then
this is very much a "choose your battles" power, and one that is very effective at choosing battles (since you can track your target).
then make some friends
don't worry, man. people have gotten great powers and immediately died. for example, Quan.
Or a great corpse.
Anti, speaking of Vancouver. How do you want to handle the timeskip for Akane?
did everyone go dead silent or is my client messing up?
okay
loneavocado
what was your luck?
You don't use apostrophes to pluralize words in English.
full steam ahead
lame
I repeat: lame.
taking a trigger that makes him an insane maniac and then turning him into some chill dude.
playing a maniac is the point of WD
playing a maniac is the point of WD
no, it's Dex.
Sneak (Dexterity)
just checked
doesn't that kinda already exist?
no, like the PRt Master Reference

tbf, it's not very gm-facing
trigger idea was toying with: 
edited somewhat: 
Add it to list?
yeah
Strength Tinker focused on a large-scale device of some type, probably. Car or building.
(strength being "endlessly modifies one gizmo")
I actually made it by using $npc tinker and then trying to figure out what trigger would produce that power.
Growth, Data [Social], Strength.
Also, is it just me or does $npc breaker work a lot better if you first roll some other category and append Breaker to it?
as in, roll $npc master (or $npc blaster, or $npc shaker, or w/e) and then $npc breaker
$life perk 55
$life perk 9
doesn't really speed up learning speed though
he's talking about 55 not 9
who responsible for this?
who quote this is
it's a meme
well, it's two memes
iirc he dumped it on the doc to talk about it
it's not done at all
the one in the rulebook is not finished so
*this rulebook
like, even if you were using this to ballpark and filling in gaps yourself, trusted/dubious and heroic/villainous would probably not be all the rep you can get.
I pick them up because it's fitting.
If you try to pick costume perks based upon mechanics then the system is just... eh.
not sure if it was mentioned last night, but for an "advantage" to dubious: people looking for somebody to betray your group (either from within or without) are more likely to approach you to get you to help out
what if I'm a hero who becomes a villain? or a rogue who's not clearly one or the other?
Tokugawa Ieyasu.
The advantage of being a treacherous piece of shit is that you are able and willing to take advantage of every opportunity available to you.
I don't think Dal's saying make a bunch of extra categories, more put down, idk, "faced down Endbringer" or w/e on a special part of the sheet, where people will know about that, and it'll change how they think about you, but not necessarily in the direction of trustworthy or heroic or whatever.
or if you have that "into bad boys/girls" thing and people find out
what's a goil
there are things on the sheet that aren't mechanics
I think Shem's getting at: "For example, a character with Fought an Endbringer might be more respected as a combatant, have more clout in a post-Endbringer city, or be viewed as courageous." versus "Table of Contents: Fought an Endbringer, Former S9 Candidate, Simurgh Bomb, Bad Romantic Decisions, etc, etc."
Okay. Assuming I'm understanding Shem correctly: Trophy case on the character sheet with quick titles - fine. Prewritten massive list of potential trophies - not fine.
"trophy case" isn't the right word but you know what I mean.
Cheevos
there's your name
cheevos was a joke omg
Grapevine
informal slang for word on the street
"used to refer to the circulation of rumors and unofficial information."
Isn't it?
Isn't it really?
Punching her doesn't mean you won.
Grapevine: does fucked up stuff with pretzels.
Hearsay?
reputed deeds, for something less slang-y.
for the sake of my autism.
dun dun dun

definitely
it's black, too
you are
Your names are similar and your names even have the same color in Hexchat.
wrong computer
they're adjacent on dvorak
basically
heroic/trustworthy/joke
think tubes is talking more goals/achievements
like Boston Games and Queen of the Hill.
she's asking when you gonna be done
well, since he's an op

I give up, what's the stupid pun?
that's a really pun-looking name if it's not supposed to be a pun
weird surname I don't recognize, making sure to include the middle initial, "Evelyn" which is rare but the "Eve" shortening makes it easy to set up puns.
Eve (ever) a seek-or.
I don't have any friends.
it's probably one of those lame nerd things where you pretend stuff you don't like doesn't exist.
>implying
definitely treason
Everything is treason.
*second time thus far
that's a really funny one actually
"No! I killed my dealer with nunchuks! Where will I get my drugs now?!?"
It's trying to tell you something.
Re: Pings. Main canon ping I can think of in Manpower/Glory Girl (well, and Scrub/a bunch of people, but his power doesn't really seemed patterned on theirs). it's not clear whether GG/Gallant is multi-trigger or ping, unless there's WoG I missed.
it's not clear from the wog
"she triggered near gallant," "she second triggered near gallant," then "you're thinking along the right lines." no confirmation on any.
versus: "No. Her [Glory Girl's] field is closer to Manpower's."
he definitely pinged off Skitter and Tt, since they both had trigger visions.
Then what is a ping?
the word "ping" is a real word that implies the testing of a connection. the playing of trigger visions implies that there is a connection between the triggering parahuman, and pre-existing parahumans. therefore, if the word "ping" is to be used at all, it should logically refer to the brief connection between the shards of the triggeree and parahumans nearby.
i'm not saying his power was patterned off Skitter or Tt. i'm saying that his shard clearly established a connection with theirs, and the word "ping," as a verb, implies a pretty minimal exchange of information.
skitter only detects Newter (by his chemicals killing her bugs accidentally) after Scrub triggers
something that was discussed earlier was making npc templates and such, was toying with the idea earlier myself, so here's what I have:  (obviously unfinished)
thanks, you got me fired from the sitting at home factory.
it's the way they check for corona pollentia
hey
I used CCL rates in the US as a benchmark, since it's what the person has on them at the time.
like, if you've got a gun, but you're not wearing it at the exact moment some powered asshole decides to fuck with you, it doesn't really matter.
also it's Switzerland
the reason the city is patrolled 24/7 by highly advertised supercops is because Worm is a setting undergoing a slow apocalypse, though.
yeah, but murder rates and stuff are going to be up.
that's like 5-20 guys for a whole city though
a while back, olive.
Well, they could.
teenagers talk about sex a lot, dude
teenagers don't talk about sex a lot?
even other girls
what moon country do you live in
Further, you can't really determine cup size on simply visual inspection.
lol
not really
They use measuring tape???
are we now proposing that high schoolers all work at victoria's secret
olive was complaining about something in the prt doc
scroll up you dork
Don't chagne either.
there's like photos of the cape on the internet
Taylor hates him lol
The major obstacle regarding goals, is that it forces some back and forth that otherwise isn't there. The player outlines the character's goals, the GM makes a mechanical definition, and then...
goals are good
but, what if I'm thinking, "okay, I want my character to have as their goal killing capes," then the GM is like, "you have to kill fifteen dozen parahumans to accomplish it" and I'm like "...okay, can I have a different one"?
could include a broad collection of "basic" goals - territory, respect, major victories, taking down/apart a particular group, playing into certain flaws - then for more specific goals (e.g. Mistral wants her baby back), use some GM fiat.
well, basic goals would have numbers included, is the idea
since they're broadly applicable
you gain protection money from those blocks?" that's more straightforward results of actions though.
@Dal: you have a stupid hard goal to accomplish
I'm not sure about "Shard Goal - ???". Kind of defeats the purpose of goals to leave it completely opaque like that.
but the point is to encourage players to not act like little babies who do nothing interesting, so if the player doesn't know what their goal is, it doesn't really work so good
the player has an idea, the character might not
i mean, it's not like DoD knows that her shard is trying to make her sabotage herself
No, she's talking about how each piece of her costume has its own stats.
rather than one big costume stat clump
don't care
pls no
neither Lightweight or Heavy says that they do that
even in Stand Tall, it doesn't say Heavy gives a tie win on withstand.
it does both
$life perk 30
in any case, if they in fact give those advantages it should say so in the rulebook rather than on some random perk
where's that?
PRT op skill list gets long, dang.


I assume his client bricked before I posted.
what're you rolling for?
Ah.
I rolled hoarder trigger using $used to gen an NPC
anything particularly worth adding to the NPC bestiary? got civilian, thug, cop (in shape), cop (out of shape), and PRT operative already.
added "Reject" (homeless person, junkie, prostitute, etc) and "Unpowered Gang Lieutenant/Leader" (leaders get extra stat point/skills) to Bestiary. 
table of contents working right?
I'd say despecify it, or change key details.
No need to reference wife, can probably shorten the part before you get grabbed by a sentence or two, might want to change parahuman using you as a hostage to a non-Tinker.
I mean, the key element of the trigger is being grabbed and used as a hostage by a parahuman in a dangerous situation; doesn't need to be a Tinker.
no, it was for the guy he used as a hostage
this one?  is for hostage.
oh my god tubes
change "edit" at the end to "mobilebasic"
It was me.
don't need to roll luck on NPCs
Since always?
It's an NPC. You can just make it up however you feel like.
I don't think nuluck has "dangerously powerful"
I like it more.
Not much.
They're doing behind the scenes stuff.
possibly because he's stuck on 10 point powers
For honorable bonus - ability to strengthen deals? Apply effect to a bilateral deal with somebody, as long as you keep up your end and nothing really crazy happens on theirs, they'll keep up their end. Cost is that if you fuck up your end it sets you back in terms of honorable-ness.
Or, reliable bonus to Social rolls related to telling the truth or appealing to common interests.
Easier to control/direct/manipulate your faction?
not if you aren't in charge
That's pretty reactive though.
rip
most of that's passive and I think wb wants more active stuff
Sounds useful and valuable.
More a passive, but for Treacherous: people looking to break [your group] more likely to approach you before acting, hoping to get you to betray your group.
@Firlz: I have this that I've been sitting on: 
Something that dissuades people from fucking with you, maybe? Since you might just dome them when you get the shot.
did you ever unban eris?
morning
Yeah, whoa.
Didn't realize they gave him +3 Brawn/+3 Athletics/+2 Wits.
I fell asleep after saying something like "4-6 breaker state clones that fade if they don't attack constantly"
cut down Brawn and Ath
and Wits
don't even know why Wits is heightened
do apes even have a good sense of smell
+3 Brawn means +3 to hit for wild lashing out, +3 Ath means +3 to dodge.
which is insane on 1d6
they have natural weapons
Mishie: "Brawn is a measure of physical power.  It is used for swinging with melee weapons"
I have my desktop on so I could go look in my logs.
give me a bit from the trigger?
oooor it's not in my logs
anyway.
let's talk about la's guy
i'm pretty sure the trigger was "you're a jackass who beats people up and got arrested for it"
I'm pretty sure you're wrong.
I was right.
Oh, it is in my logs
just the trigger itself was when my PC was dead
it says +1 Brawn/Ath/Wits.
not +3/+3/+2
(and Soc 0)
"Clones have +1 Brawn, Ath, and Wits; along with a social of 0."
how is it +6?
Chime said something like that later on
It wasn't a +3 originally.
The power was generated with +1 Brawn/Ath/Wits, Soc 0, luck was rolled, somebody (Chime) said +3 Brawn/Ath +2 Wits, 2x run speed.
like hours later
+1/+1/+1 is perfectly reasonable and strong. +3/+3/+2 is stupidly powerful.
Especially taking into account that you get 4-6 minions.
People agreed to +1/+1/+1, Bel.
That was the power before luck, which was "Wastrel."
the "2cm" power was ungodly weak, olive.
that power got dumped
because it would be a hassle to GM
I don't think that trigger even got claimed, because it was obvious it was dumb; I think Dolyn's Helena cape got that trigger.
Click is cool/funny, but only because her power is dumb as shit and Wildbow hates it.
who has the most stupidly powerful cape generated here.
Oh, that's right.
that stupid World social Thinker Mishie got.
that's why I'm glad World is gone
it's stupid for 5% of all capes to have some insanely stupidly op powers.\
also, new luck generally reduces "get rekt" glaws.
flaws too
Good.
g
o
o
d
Ruin?
Ruin isn't get fucked, it's "get in."
oh, Nex.
nex is stupid but not as bad as some of the old ones
yeah
it would make more sense as a "roll 3 perks, pick most appropriate" or something
Ruin isn't get fucked, it's "get in."    ???
It's awesome and fun, is what I'm saying.
murder capes
"first encounter is A-class, roll new flaw on clearing it."
it's A-class
not S-class
the actual matter of mechanically making a character is something you can do in much less than an hour. It's just the concept/fine-tuning phase that requires time.
I always take days letting my ideas percolate because I want to make a good character.
I don't think shitty powers are very Worm.
:/
There's a difference between "powers that are hard to use" or "risk-reward" or "poor scaling" and shitty.
Leet's power is very strong, it just has key limitations that control its usefulness.
there was an old "bad encounter" flaw
lemme check
Life Disadvantage, Death: "Inevitable Danger.  The first big threat is liable to land right in your neighborhood, it’s going to target you, and there’s no walking away."
which is still better than Nex
I would probably keep it but say you get a perk, not a flaw, for clearing.
*be extremely happy
I honestly almost feel like it's a typo because it's just so fucking crazy to do that.
I'm Akane.
Takamagahara cape with Ruin and severe disability flaws.
the rest is a secret because I have to murder people
I haven't even killed anyone yet, spelt.
I'd reroll if it was San Perlita.
+1/+1/+1
as was originally agreed
It's enough to make it very dangerous.
"moved to"
Honestly, the bigger "problem" of 1-3 round cooldown is that it takes 4-6 rounds to actually reach that point by idleness.
No, just the opposite - that 4-6 rounds is a really damn long time in combat, where you're probably going to be attacking someone anyways.
You only use rounds in combat, and as a vague ballpark of out of combat timespans.
fuck, I need a name for my pale elf in PoE and I don't know what their names sound like
Pillars of Eternity
why isn't there a "random name" button!
You only use rounds in combat, and as a vague ballpark of out of combat timespans.
I... don't think that's how that works.
Well, it's a female, so it's somewhat accurate.
You only use rounds in combat, and as a vague ballpark of out of combat timespans
Enough!
Loose goose wouldn't fit on knuckle tats you clowns!
You don't put knuckle tats on your thumbs!
Try to arrange your thumb knuckle so it lines up with your finger knuckles so that your tattoo will be legible.
I'm here.
*most epic
Master.
Changer?
Feels a bit... weak.
isolation, alienation, exile.
The "Master" element is that it's addictive.
Maybe something more like Psychosoma?
turn people into monstrous minions
it was a one-shot quick gen
Infectious Master?
Power takes control of those affected, gradually weakens them over its period of control?
"If I'm going to be imagining my character's butt all day, might as well be a dude." - Mishie
are you intentionally being obtuse about how this - very intuitive power - works in the hopes that you'll get a different power?
you blew your load.
it's $power perk
stop playing Bethesda piles.
Influenza.
Non-no-fun.
Well, seeing as how it's a response to an increase in the likelihood of going to Portland, presumably he's suffered severe brain damage.
Seriously bad.
What are we talking about?
"Triggers that truly combine both prominent stranger and blaster elements might include [...] a person loosed into the wild by an expert hunter, tracker, and serial killer who then hunts them for sport."
Yes, I know.
Okay, question regarding the trigger.
How is this chick preventing the triggeree from just like... beating her up?
Men are stronger than women, in the overwhelming majority of cases.
she has to close to melee to break his limbs then!!!
luck 4 sucks
I'm almost inclined towards luck 8.
I like cookies but I wouldn't eat them for every meal.
you still get luck
with 1d4+1d6
it means you roll a d8 instead of a d4 for the second dice.
what's the effect of getting hit with this beam?
is it just to piss off epileptics?
trigger idea: you married a black widow. been done?
evil spouse or dead spouse?
or both?
lol i'm going through the revision history and:
"AND SERIOUSLY STOP ADDING MORONIC TRIGGERS. JUST STOP. THEY'RE TERRIBLE. THEY ARE NOT FUNNY-TERRIBLE, THEY'RE JUST TERRIBLE. THEY'RE BAD AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD. IF I CATCH PEOPLE ADDING CRAPPY TRIGGERS ON PURPOSE ANYMORE I'M GOING TO DO APPALLING THINGS TO THEIR INTESTINAL TRACT. AND ALSO POSSIBLY BAN THEM FROM THE DICE CHANNEL. ONE OF THE TWO."
it's in the first revision i can see
dead child triggers are from before the spreadsheet's history
schizophrenia where?
oh, the 8 year olds
No one was accusing you of being responsible for peanuts.
he's blaming you for the "stop adding moronic triggers"
which trigger was what?
$claim 26 Portland [Megafire]
$blaster
$stranger
$mover

62 I think
Oh, he got your stupid AIDS trigger, btw Scrags.
61.
enough babbling about Mishie's latest overpowered cape! what do people think of the trigger I posted?
all disease
don't look at me
you're not the GM
I don't remember saying anything bad about the trigger.
Oh, I called it stupid.
Well,
literally one shot will kill him
literally one hit to with a baseball bat.
one rock thrown in his direction.
one stab with a screwdriver.
trigger vet: 
I'll deal with Mishie myself if it comes to that.
The flock of locusts to his plaguebearer.
Only "pretty" sure?
i can just ask your minions who sent them
...because?
isn't your power a Thinker power
or did that get changed at some point
Mishie, you know, if there's one thing people say about you, it's that you've always been one to shy away from dick moves.
somebody tell me if my trigger is good or bad! argh!!! 
A drawing of this conversation: ♻
*PMS
I'm going to add my stupid trigger event to the doc if nobody comments one way or the other.
not until you said it

and mishie/spelt had a fight about mish's latest character
It's :^)! Do not troll me with this rubbish.
iunno.
why do real black widows do it
Well, you know.
"In the early 1900s a Black Widow serial murderess named Amy Archer-Gilligan took the lives of five of her husbands and several elderly nursing home patients."+
there's a lot of black widows who manage to poison 3+ dudes
I dunno how you convince guy #4.
You would think that.
Is it?
it's one of the most common kinds of female serial killers
I am currently scrolling through a list of hundreds of black widows dude
"On January 29, 2013 45-year-old Esneda Ruiz Cataño was arrested Ebéjico, in Antioquia, Colombia, on the suspicion of murdering thee husbands, each of them stabbed to death, in 2001, 2006 and 2010. The media has dubbed her “The Predator” (“La deepredafora”). Ruiz collected live insurance payments following each death."
they allow you to make the mental connection that your wife is poisoning you
money
life insurance/property inheritance
that's why real black widows do it
what does it matter dude. am i going to get a different power because she murdered me for money than if she murdered me because she's psycho?
Okay, would you being husband #2 help you out, Mish?



He felt that it stretched credibility that she managed to kill three guys and not get caught.
mega's recent trigger was impersonal as all fuck
*never dumped her at all.
Were clothes leaving the body on the table?
almost want to make this a trigger from the girl's PoV.
but it's a little close to Peekaboo's.
i hate that shit
god is supposed to be the omniscient creator of the universe, come the FUCK on. do you think he doesn't notice you're frigging because you're wearing pants or doing anal or whatever nonsense? don't try to sell me on this bull.
nice roman salute
Cleveland is open?
it's listed under "Open Games" on the "ongoing games" list with the note "application only"
can I put my name on that list?
Do I just do it myself, or...?
Ia! Ia! Cxaxakluth Fhtagn!
don't ping me in the middle of the night
durrr
"it's your fault that I say things"
No.
Right, right, everyone else has to tiptoe around you, or it's their fault that you annoy them.
That's exactly what you said.
how would you know that "Nonagon" pings me.
Non does not.
No, only when you do it.
the world is a vampire
That thing certain people do where they ask for sessions every time they see you.
you're not in San Perlita
(those people shall remain nameless but one of them has a name that starts with an "s" and ends with an "oulpelt|")
What?
Non did" ?
That's not me complaining.
"she's not being an annoyance to every character around her" imagine how much fun it'd be to GM Feint tho.
On the subject of player behavior: I feel like the primary "newbie mistake" is to repeatedly perform "basic" actions in combat ("I attack" "I run", etc, repeat until dead), rather than trying to think around problems or come up with novel solutions.
Yes. It's very normal to send invitations after the event occurs.
Most people can travel backwards through time so it all works out.
Man. I really want to play a PRT cape who's a complete fuckup piece of shit who should never have been let on the team.
Feint, Shadow Stalker, that kind of thing.
@Olive: Anchorage is dead, get over it.
@Olive: Anchorage is dead, get over it.
cashy doesn't do !
you're thinking of blushy
Cashy is fine.
did you finish your character
I'd say Eros is the purview of Social.
If it's not I should probably move around some point on Mistral's character sheet.
Trigger idea: your spouse is a cape, you're the one who fixes them up after every fight, it's stressful and driving you crazy and you can't talk to anyone and you finally trigger.
Bah.
You don't know about it.
Come on.
Everyone in Worm knows about PHO?
And not only knows about it, but that there is a specific subforum for cape spouses?
Is it?
what websites, irl, does everyone know? facebook, twitter, google? those are a lot more general-purpose that a forum that's about like, .01% of the population.
Yes.
So?
It's more interesting to you, because you do not live in Worm.
Why would people in Worm use an internet forum for news? Do you do that in real life? Does everyone in real life do that?
is there any news in particular that interests you?
irl.
Do you go to a forum to get that news?
uuuuuuughhhhhhhhhhhh
reddit's a content aggregator anyway
it's pretty clearly a forum that defaults to showing the OP at the top of each page of a thread
Physical/Mental/Social
wasn't it physical/mental/social at first?
he's a space whale.
well, yeah
you need a hard counter to hurt Captain 9*10^99 HP.
nah
it depends on what he's hitting you with. he's burning ants with a magnifying glass
he could just explode the planet if he wanted to
He was enjoying himself.
Scion's theme during Gold Morning: 
he was an evil space monster that was destroying the world so...
does CUI include Mongolia you think?
found a trigger: A middle-aged Canadian couple died in a sexual embrace at a Mexican resort after the corpulent husband suffered a heart attack in a hot tub and squashed his slender wife, authorities said on Wednesday.
Hmm?
Did he?
He fucked up a bunch of universes, yeah
did he actually explode any earths though?
Ah, I see.
That's what entities do, Shem.
Final stage of entity reproduction is exploding the planet they're on.
"One Earth was already lost to us, destroyed by Scion in the first day he’d been traveling universes."
he was fucking around
Sure.
Could also mean he tried exploding a planet to see if it was any good without his sister-wife around and decided he didn't like it.
Eden takes a female human form.
Hmm?
What's horrible?
Olivebirdy?
Oh, haha.
Think it'd make a good trigger?
I'd probably gender-neutral it, but yeah, the smushed not the smusher.
I recommend making an insane psycho who will go ham on everybody and everything.
Lausanne
is your character a psycho who will go ham?
there's like four people alive in it
soon to be three
so hey!
I think it'll be split in one, as you will die within five minutes.
it's clairvoyance on the one hand and nemesis tech on the other, innit?
pick somebody
might I recommend a Tinker by the name of Armada?
his tinkertech is "deal with specific powered target," innit?
where's the urban exfil guide.
you succeed all the time though
Oh.
Well.
you made some dumb decisions even leaving them aside
wishy-washy decisions, which is weird for you
normally you're very committed to being a psycho.
Mmm.
Maybe.
Maybe your problem is with playing non-psycho characters.
well you have to notice that you have a problem to solve it
I'm not saying abandon non-psychos
though psychos are fun
Whether or not Pink could be trusted with being an op for 9 seconds.
Turns out he can.
why would you think I live in Greenland
I live in the greatest state in the greatest country in the world.
Nazi Germany is gone, Scrags.
I thought you had given up on Shem?
Inflict a special effect on others which gives boons, but, when triggered/after long enough, implodes and hurts the person?
I... guess? Was thinking of it more as a Striker effect available in a Breaker state.
Trying to think of an appropriate Breaker gimmick.
Breaker state, [has Breaker effects causing exotic movement], while in state, touching a person (incl. through clothes) causes them to temporarily gain a +1 to Wits and generally feel refreshed/alert/positive, at parahuman's will, or after a few minutes, the boon cancels and the target suffers [wound type].
yeah
I think Minor Cuts would work for an effect?
It means that either the parahuman ends it prematurely (and the person gets hurt), or the person gets hurt after a few minutes.
@Meg: I mean, I don't have any in mind at the moment but am trying to think of one that's appropriate.
Like, hmm, maybe can teleport to the side of anybody with the boon on them, but auto-inflicts wound?
Hmm.
Need something to help the cape stay close, then.
(And, actually, now that I think about it - Wits isn't super useful in combat. Maybe a +1 to Ath or Dex too.)
It doesn't, in re-enacts the trigger.
A temporary high followed by sudden bleeding in a person at hand.
It causes fights?
Did... what's his face, Chimney? Did he ever get played?
Because I feel like that "ranged stuff less effective" gimmick is a pretty good fit, here.
with the "extended proximity eventually triggers harm effect"
Are you figuratively saying it?
In the loosest way only.
I think you're reading something into it that isn't there.
If you're going to say, "oh, it has to solve the problem" then it's going to be some "what wounds" Thinker power or a hemokinetic or some shit.
menses is only half blood
vitae
the Breaker/Striker thing helps because it "fixes" the girl (who doesn't really have anything wrong with her so it just makes her more attentive) and maybe has some Mover sub-ability that helps him get away from the gross blood that's making him freak out. There.
I don't think Tinker fits at all, and that's a very broad sub-class.
he's flipping out, so maybe he wants to get away, which is Mover
it's 61
you can PM cashy
whose power is it?
@Mish: not knowing what a period is.
Yeah, agreed, Lumi, it's completely ridiculous. No homeschooler suddenly dumps their kid in public school for "socialization".
Women.
Horny teenagers.
different women experience different symptoms during their menstrual cycle
In a 16 or so year old girl?
I can find it

It was vetted.
It was rewritten.
Yes.
Ctrl+Shift
or
err
Ctrl+Enter
regrow a brain
in two minutes?
come on
Second generations can be Trumps, yes.
You only get a grab bag from a multitrigger.
It's completely different in every meaningful way, which is the problem with rewriting the trigger.
Your problem with the trigger is the trigger itself.
The original writing's probably too wordy and could be cut down for brevity, but your problem is with the idea of a trigger where the cause is "your first time is with a girl on the rag and you don't know what a period is."
which is fine
but it means that you can't "edit" the idea to improve it
You can, and that's fine.
It's explicitly a period
But, it won't really be an "edit" of the original trigger, since in the original trigger the homeschooling/etc all serves to set up the part you don't like.
Antioch.
Sure.
Blaster.
it's 2, PM Cashy
I assume it was for an RL game.
you could die
here's a trigger event: you are a bicyclist in Russia
give you an idea of his state of mind?
also remind genners that the guy needs to survive the laser bolt to his face that's going to hit him in .5 seconds
No.
not only did they give up on the bloody penis, but some dork decided to move it to unvetted
It shouldn't be moved there because it's not unvetted!!!
Blaster power that generates thin pillars that can be used as a Blaster effect, sharp piercing things.
Antioch, you still on?
I got bad news. Everybody decided they hate your trigger and now will murder you if they meet you IRL. Sorry.
first
rag fuck
scrags rolled a nice trump for San Diego
but alas
Minion Master who mimics the powers of people it defeats.
it's just $claim
no $trigger
er
you know
stop playing it
You heard.
just steal a copy
cops love to murk dudes
certainly reasonably likely
smdh
Yeah.
Anti gets it.
But as a citizen of the world, what's your opinion?
_seen Dolyn
You have an odd definition of "solid"
Rather not.
It's way clunkier than D&D, but it's fine" in opposite world where D&D isn't one of the clunkiest most overcomplicated systems around, maybe.
Yes.
No.
No it is not so simple.
If you accidentally do $claim or $[class], then you can do $unclaim [new slot #] or $[class] -1.
At least it's not Portland.
lol
it means "lol"
Mmm?
Only God Knows
sure
oh, wait
actually, it might not be that old, since somebody alphabetized the sheet a while back
yeah, it was 87 before the resort
bother scrags to see if he ever got the power i guess
Then why don't you do it?
Guess what: nobody else wants to do it either.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
My main feedback is that some of them are gendered (well, you know. sexualitied) and could be made gender neutral. Other than that seems fine.
Missed a "him" before "the local Protectorate"
Wow, way to assume that robbers don't have emotions.
Well, they're not robbers, then.
Hmm. Trying to work out a trigger concept. Basically, the idea is that you've been kidnapped/tortured by a supervillain. Done?
D for dumb system
E.
for extremely dumb system
any #s so I can look and avoid hitting the same notes?
Grindmauler was an intentional trigger?
Grindmauler was Baltimore.
remember any specifics about the other one?
Oh, oh yeah.
That was Baltimore
smear, I think
the guy whose power was to play snake
$used 133
this one.
yeah?
my idea isn't deliberate trigger
here, tell me what you think: 
man, that fucking trigger
Stray was an annoying character to make because the trigger doesn't really tell you much about the character and I got a power perk for luck.
hey, scrags, I'm messing with a trigger, tell me what you think: 
Not too similar to any older triggers?
pretty sure Martial Arts attacks use Dexterity, not Brawn
wtf
it definitely used to be Dex
Dex/Know, anyway
it using Brawn is stupid
and I'm NOT just saying that because the only character I have with Martial Arts has Brawn 3/Dex 4.
Martial Arts is technique over strength, Brawl is strength over technique.
Weaver Dice needs players/GMs in a way parahumans does not need WB fans.
lots of people GM systems they're only half-aware of
I think game design.
_seen ErisMaenad
Mmm.
How long is Dolyn going to be incommunicado for?
think it was per state, but yeah.
Not doing that and instead instating whatever weird idea the lead cape has for how a society should be run.
What're we talking about?
it's actually $markov, Pink.
He said nonsense generator, not nonsense power generator.
The problem is every Worm power is different and distinct, you can't make a unified formatting for all of them.
I mean, some of them would be easier than others. If you write a Breaker power generator, you can include lower probability things for stuff like Cryopyro, Gasconade, or Grumman pretty easily.
some thing TFS is working on
does anyone else find $npc breaker to be a bit... not great?
a lot (possibly the majority) of the "Major" options are just lame, like Toggle and False Body, and when you try to generate powers from it, it's hard because it's very vague and has a tendency to produce only a very limited set.
here's my attempt to come up with a collection of "Major"s for Breaker state that are more direct/inspirational, drawing in part from the existing list and the Detail Generator: 
how many are there?
cause I can only see them by like... $npc breaker'ing over and over
probably just toggle and false body. maybe force field if breaker gets redone so it also rolls some other category (blaster/shaker/mover/brute/master/etc).
whacking people
presumably
versus personalities?
is the gender neutral singular equivalent of "herself"/"himself" "themself" or "themselves"?
thanks
Writing up powers for a draft I'll never run.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
greg's interlude is a PM conversation
that part, anyway
Mega's right.
"Tanuki hasn’t but tanuki is aware of the general idea, that’s not just living forever though, you’re adding eternal torment to the mix. But this isn’t the topic for a discussion about theoretical immortality. auu~" lmfao
it's from the PHO doc for Cleveland
The juxtaposition between the silly third person speech and the discussion of immortality/eternal torment is really fucking funny. 10/10.
I have a sense of humor.
That's part of why I make extremely deadpan comments that ruin things. It's funny.
housecat attack: minor cuts or moderate cuts?
Soon™
I'm like 50% sure that "plant panic" is a "pandemonius ivy" ref, i.e. Panda.
buy a flip phone. problem solved.
Yeah, let me go through.
What happened with legacy? Was catching up, people mentioned it, but I'm not seeing it there now.
If I bid 900 points on Gang X, and the next guy down bids 801 points, do I burn 900 points or 802?
It's how Amazon works last time I checked.
My thing formatted correctly, Anti?
So you're not allowed to bring in a legacy cape, Mishie?
must be nice to only have two babies that never got to see the light of day. *looks forlornly at Sliver, Komainu, Zulfiqar, Mantle, Calamity, and Archon*
Mistral got to see the light of day. Those are all 0-session capes.
Baton Rouge
glass changer
Well I think I put it on the cape database so owned.
sure, hope that the GMs will run them
yeah, and so might San Diego
doesn't mean that it actually will happen
ask the gm in particular, yeah.
then stick your name on there and put in your bids so I can find out what I got.
Yes.
5 gangs + mercs + indie + vigilante + psychos + info = 10.
Yes, tell us, so we can harass them.
yeah but starting from dirt also makes for good characters
increase all of mine by 4. :P (don't actually do that)
Nothing.
But that's never stopped any shippers in the past.
what do you think the odds are of NYC 90s ever happening? <2%?
Corsair.
striker whose weapons fling 'em around
he seems optimistic to me
for real though, why did you bid 803 points on literally the worst option?
I bid 1 point on Gang 5.
It was literally at the bottom of my list.
uh, territory??? super useful guize.
gang 4 could also be interesting. and unlike gang 5 it actually has, like, people.
my highest was 100.
ugh
damn you
I can't believe Shem fucking bought Gang 5 for 803 points.
Psychos is like... better than Gang 5.
I mean, I'm not saying it's good.
I bid 1 point more than Mishie on Psychos.
I can pull in Corsair, yeah?
I have Shem as first.
yeah, wasn't going to use that name
@Mishie: only one person has a high school character.
An adult could probably use whatever trigger from the list without worry.
Reflexes in general is not very strong.
4/5 are better but still not OP
Oh, no, sorry, 4 is trash, didn't understand.
yeah, reflexes 5 is fine.
Thinker, Stranger. More Stranger than Thinker. Overall breakdown, lots of people
it's trigger 54, pm cashy
stranger/shaker, for the pervasive/omnipresent element of unwanted attention?
Imp clones boo.
Electronics as a vector for a Stranger power?
August Prince.
A power that makes you wear other people's grandfather's clothes and look incredible.
Idea: Effect emanates from landlines, spreads by electrical devices, etc. Burns them out (kills cameras, walkie-talkies, etc), and also inflicts a major emotion-manipulating effect on people caught near devices.
Overpowering sorrow, maybe?
Mmm.
Power gen isn't improv.
Tubes: uses electronics as vector for emotional effect, in the process burning them out.
phone ringing off the hook, internet articles, makes an interesting effect, useful for a Stranger power because it kills cameras and phones and shit.
it's a city game
Probably works to a much reduced extent without electronics.
anger directed away from parahuman themselves, presumably?
Oh, you do it, I'm working on Zulfiqar.
wait
then $unclaim
Did Shem increment for his?
check the sheet
type "trigger" into the bar and let it autocomplete.
ATM - yeah.
Wasn't reacting to PMs.
Flint is 2011?
aight.
right, right. just wanted to have a ballpark.
Targeted effect on a single individual, amps up the longer it's maintained, disorients and disables with increasingly intense mood swings?
Owned.
Get murked by a fifteen year old girl?
Zulfiqar's seventeen though.
For a zoro-style costume, what advantages would you pick up?
flowing is an advantage.
not a very good one, but an advantage.
probably thinking of strappy or flashy.
what's the actual effect of flowing, if any?
$classes
$trump
for the power gifter
He did not.
It was 8 before.
ATM never went through.
striker
would've been better for the Gang 4 cape.
the bad thing isn't really happening *yet*
You are really fucking stupid.
How can you recruit him, when I'm going to recruit him?
Well, probably more a detente.
Yes.
I don't care if it's a bad idea.
i still don't understand why he spent 803 points on the single worst option
I don't understand why his favored option was the single worst one.
I mean, tbh, the extent to which new rep is "not done" is basically the same as old rep. A collection of a few sliders with limited actual definition.
"Zulfiqar's BFF"
punisher
punish...ress
fury
erinyes
$trigger 30
$claim 30 Flint [lostavocado]
$thinker
$striker
Tisiphone
jael?

Judge Judy & Executioner
he mean good shit
I assume here "good shit" means "draws a clear picture of the character, and provides hooks for the GM to use in motivating you and ideas of how you'll act given free reign."
slowly?
poorly?
I don't know how you work man.
cafteur sounds like catheter
I was asking questions.
sweet, sweet vengeance.
not sweat, sweat vengeance.
Very different things.
you need sweeter for your tea
Lilith.
that's the worst name I've ever heard
You can just be retarded without having your family homeschool you.
I mean, personally, I was homeschooled and am retarded, but that doesn't necessarily have to be true.
I'd roll with it, though, I mean, that seems like an interesting hook.
you're a villain
pick a villainous name
and also immediately let me thwack you with my enchanted blade
Monkey Paw
Cuckoo?
White Elephant.
no gay shit, just a couple bros jackin' each other off
jezebel
Alright, everybody agree to gang up on Mishie.
it's Master by way of Thinker
Ah, yes, the psychos run by the psycho, definitely good allies for the constitutionally paranoid vigilante.
Yes.
Don't worry, my man. I happen to have rolled a superpower that made me good at Social.
Well. Better than I would've been.
I got Alter Ego, my original char concept was an introvert fencing nerd so I moved around points to make her more sociable in her alt ID.
So are the capes in our groups pretty much all the capes in town?
$classes
Not too bad, really.
Tinkers need some love.
Trumps are
I remember going through the current triggers recently and Tinkers are behind both at present and in terms of the number of "Tinker triggers" on the list.
Really?
Not that hard.
Anti does all the Tinker tables.
they seem helpful in redirecting energy from "figure out what I can do" to "do what I can do".
The margin for what people consider a "Tinker" trigger is fairly high and few triggers clear it.
only one real solution to that
was 5 used?
oh,that was somebody for Ledyard, right?
remember who?
$claim 5 Ledyard [Vaklav]
$thinker
Am I on here or do I need to pick a place?
she already left
when I start gathering followers, what should I call my ̶g̶a̶n̶g, err, I mean, my hero team?
I sword real good.
you know how Thor flies by throwing Mjolnir around? that's my power, basically.
Zulfiqar is much more stylish.
it's a nice mythological reference that's not as played out as Excalibur.
and some fuckers already took Kusanagi and Durandal
her computer got a concussion too
she's been missing for, uh, six days-ish.
...
(I wrote the backstory after stealing the name from Firlz)
Presumably something hit her in the head.
It's been like a week, come on.
The "jet fuel can't melt steel beams" meme proves it's substantially less than that.
Triad 23?
oh, man, teller really screwed the pooch on the auction
850 points
might as well have bid a thousand
They were not as OP.
and starts in a gang war with a murderess
also if getting flaws is nbd then why did you spend exactly 0 points?
What does Flint remain, btw?
"Demographically, Flint has encountered a similar population surge as Detroit, receiving an influx of Oriental refugees, as well as other blue-collar workers seeking employment in the booming automotive industry. However, Flint remains" and it just ends there.
stop chatting
while driving
wtf is the matter with you
Good.
for real though why did he want gang 5 so bad.
I sincerely assumed it was some kind of fuckup on Anti's end when he rolled it.
he didn't have to spend 803 points to do that
I don't think that would work verywell.
They get a Knowledge and Guts roll.
I think Mishie was actually there for the Funky 90s draft so he already knows.
which color are you?
yeah, let me just meticulously click all these fucking links again
there are a bunch of links, I don't know which one is you
until I actually start clicking them
we're not that far apart
there's just delta brigade between you and me
admittedly i'm probably going to wind up going after Panda or Dolyn.
oh, Panda's mercs, that's right
so it looks like I'll just be beelining Dolyn.
You basically sicced me on her and you know it.
who does "you" refer to here?
you've got free territory to expand into. lucky.
only Ace and Panda can get to it 
And that's why you'll inevitably draw me into attacking you.
legacy
Oh, yeah.
Totally.
Basically, her power is burst fire Crucible.
shoots three force field bubbles in a big spread, can burninate people within one
AHAHA fuck that's a perfect twist.
$power perk 74
so basically, the spam is even worse than it used to be and it's got more varied effects
Uh, no.
Limited control.
Think Scrub, to a lesser degree.
Nah. Doesn't control where the fields get put down, but chooses to activate one or burst again.
the power to have a power you don't know.
yeah
oh shit
purple in corner
if you click on an area, it'll give you a description, which will include who it belongs to
It's worse than you know.
Well, I'll probably have to switch to my sociable mode and you'll probably notice that with your Thinker power so I don't think it will actually end very well.
Mmm.
I'll probably go after the Delta Brigade until you inevitably trigger the "hook" on my character sheet that I handed to Antioch and he targeted at you.
You heard the man.
There's really nothing I can do.
Ace is in a really good position, damn.
he's basically the only player with direct access to all that unclaimed territory
can't wait to hire Panda to help me beat the shit out of Triad 23.
you have to go through Scrap Dojo to get to the unclaimed territory.
there can't be that many heroes in this town
hard to come up with a heroic team name.
I mean, the Protectorate is basically named after colonialism ffs.
Oh, wow, they're named after the miracle of fire, so they must be villains.
oh my god
I believe it was to light the night, actually.
Boy, I sure hope I can find some independent NPC heroes to partner with.
Should've been quicker on the draw, my man.
Doing a hero sheet instead of a villain was interesting. A lot harder to come up with hooks for the GM when you can't just say, "uh, yeah, they'll just beat the shit out of anybody who does X" or "they want to brutally murder Y" and such
damsel has a wd sheet
she's got the "fuck up on a 1 for Dex" flaw and a 1 for Dex.
Trifecta just got the "roll a dice for effect" perk.
Fortunately, like most WD characters, it will never be played. *drops mic*
Enough! Weaver Dice is about making characters, not actually playing with them!
after far too much stupid effort, I have stuck a teeny tiny little mugshot of my character next to my character's name on the Flint sheet. huzzah!
Part of it is that my trackpad flips out at random.
which can be very frustrating.
What actions got spammed a lot, in PRT Quest?
Might want to look at that, see what was viewed as too powerful/necessary/important to ignore other stuff.
Off the top of my head: targeted attack on enemy resources/bases (requires Info), targeted attack on enemy capes (requires Info), and "taunt" by entering their territory and making a show of it (exposes you, they take an Influence hit if they don't come after you).
Maybe a "patrol" move that lets you counter any encroachment other people have made on your turf. Not sure how much of a mechanic that's supposed to be, but the Trouble Percentage thing implies it. Could be more generalized, reduces the overall risk factor for a given territory.
(and if somebody attacks you or whatever you're in a better position)
Morning.
Added a couple more things to the bottom of the OOG doc, for how heroes can get more money other than ransoming villains.
hero, not rogue
also mine almost certainly doesn't, except as like, a circus performer.
"Imbues an object with an effect that gives it enhanced momentum.  A swing or thrust of an imbued weapon allows the parahuman to hold on and slide or be dragged a short distance, depending on the mass and number of the objects." there's some other stuff, but that's the gist.
I have to hold onto them or it fucks up.
I'm like 90% sure that's not how it's supposed to work.
an airplane's probably too big, I think it's specifically momentum I impart (imbued ammo fucks up gun/crossbow, and no mention of problems from being blocked or parried), etc.
cannibalized fencing uniform + hood & cape. what ads/disads would you give such a costume?
domino mask, not fencing mask
What tier costume can I start with, btw?
Teller needs to get on so he can put in actual names.
if somebody uses PMs to _tell you something
google [cape name] superhero and also [cape name] supervillain. If an actual cape by that name shows up on the first or second page, it's taken in-universe by some jackass on the other side of the country/world.
that's how I've always heard it
Unicorn IV
You should reform and become a hero with me.
have you come up with a name for your stupid gang?
✔ = ? Turned in character sheet? Thought Mish had done so.
must be named themselves, then
Mish doesn't even have a name. Shameful.
Anti mentioned that he liked Mish's sheet so
Don't think Dal has powered friends.
none
owned
oh no, you put him in my zone didn't you?
I'm a hero and Anti pretty much told me that Dolyn's my first target so.
I'm legal age.
I am basically ideologically opposed to every other major group in town?
I'm only a threat to Dol at the moment, chill.
team "my only real target for expansion"
Hey, I don't want to kill you.
Just beat you up and get you locked in prison.
Probably for a reward.
You're adjacent to me.
I'm a mapgamer, so I want a contiguous territory.
also you don't know it but Anti pretty much sicced me on you.
my power is melee and has a Mover component so
Oh, did Anti expand the unclaimed territory?
too bad I'm an enclave ;_;
No.
But if I'm slapping you with my magic sword
then you can't really use your power on me without hitting yourself
you'll die though
I don't plan on killing you or anything.
You could probably escape from the PRT van
Anyway, I'll RP my character and not metagame based on your threats.
No?
I'm just saying. You're pretty much my only available target.
at best I'd probably end the game having stolen half your turf and the rest having fallen to other rivals, but that'd be pretty lucky.
Ridiculous.
She definitely has other targets.
Most notably Teller.
Oh? You're near me, then?
that you want me dead when I'm in the corner of the map and have only one avenue for expansion?
As a hero, can I make the "exploit underlings" move? After I get a couple of sidekicks, obviously.
It's a very villain-focused system as it stands, so the revenue streams all assume you're willing to traffic in drugs and crap.
(which, being a hero, my character isn't)
Doesn't she?
Ain't nothin' in the world for free.
that's an interesting idea for a hero-facing revenue stream
To?
Oh, I actually have an option besides attacking you or building up to attack you now, Dol! Aren't you happy?
Do we need win conditions?
You could have us set our own win conditions, actually. More like normal play, then.
How does "Protection: Control [x] territories, each with Safety of 9+. (Hero only)" sound?
mercs win by having some stupid amount of cash?
Not sure "Power" is really necessary, tbh. It's about perception, but everybody perceiving it is a human being who can take qualitative information and turn it into a rough analysis.
It's being edited constantly.
it is very wip.
We should wait to do that until the basic stuff is decided on.
It isn't.
✊/💰/💡. Influence/Cash/Info, three core resources.
It's under Territory Stats.
The description doesn't make any sense if it's referring to you, the person who owns the territory.
Ach, finally. We can replace the word "tellergang" with something reasonable.
D:
[oh hell yeah!]
Tinker, Master, maybe side elements of Blaster (mugging) or Stranger/Stranger (pervasive emotional threat).
No.
Prothean or Panda or somebody rolled it for an NPC.
we have a bunch of things in Flint
there's like 17 capes in the player gangs alone.
It's both a specific loss (dead cat) and a general loss (all your friends in general).
Ugh, my laptop froze.
Which one's straw & camel's back?
Fear of outside, loss of friends, loss of mobility, dead cat.
You got the Tinkers doc at hand?
god, using the tinker doc is really annoying because it doesn't mention what fool/death/devil actually do
so you have to have it AND the detail gen open
Pervasive, irrational fear would be Shaker/Stranger?
Oh, was thinking Shaker/Stranger as a manifestation of a Tinker power.
A minion that's semi-mobile, but bulky and slow, hard to move around without attracting attention, and creates a deleterious mental effect in an "aura," with a safe zone around itself.
What about - two parts to the Tinkering. On the one hand, large-scale sessile tech that provides energy to the other half. The other side being combat-focused power armor, which can't supply energy to itself and has to stay near its "pylon" or fail.
(or maybe guns or robot drones or something instead of power armor, whatevs)
Oh, that's an idea.
One giant monster that can't stray from the pylon network?
in a town with two info brokers
Lionette.
Now, that's what you would have gotten if you hadn't spent 850 points.
That's perfect.
cashy doesn't do that
Oh man, I forgot how much I hate Outnumbered.
"Oh, hey, you know 90% of the situations you'll be getting into? Guess what. Your power doesn't work right in them."
War leader Thinker.
strategems 1-36 didn't work
the 37th strategem: use spacewhalemagic.
"Assorted Villains." Can I recruit the Mad Splatter?
Sounds like the kind of guy just waiting to turn the other leaf.
rip
Oh, it  must be hard to get money for a villain with no scruples.

I'm not sure if there's a single move atm that gives a hero any kind of reliable income.
I guess I could buy a headquarters.
I can probably get ransom from arresting you and selling you to the cops, yeh.
there's 0 sponsorship mechanic though.
this is a literal tbs game.
I don't like pun names.
I was joking.
Mastakilla and Mad Splatter don't sound like people interested in the common bonds of community, frankly.
Maybe Shockodile or Lugnut.
That reminds me, btw, since Eris won't be here for a few weeks yet...
$roll 1d5+3
Ace, you want to join San Perlita?
her friend showed up to say she had a concussion and wouldn't be available for a few weeks.
Trigger, legacy, or Cauldron?
then do it.
ah, fuck, did we claim and increment for Teller?
yeah, no
$claim 15 Flint [Teller]
$tinker
Master, Shaker?
$master
Anyway. Powers.
that's really wonky
ah, yeah, got rolled like half a minute before you joined
#4, PM cashy
I just said.
trigger 4.
#4, PM cashy
Ballistics Thinker isn't too bad.
Thinker power for shooting lets him append "special effects" (bleed, pain, etc) to ranged attacks, in addition to a modest bonus at ranged combat (offensive & defensive).
something to that effect, yeah.
Actually, I'm feeling suddenly tired, let's postpone for a time?
Actually, I'm feeling suddenly tired, let's postpone for a time?"
it's so you know what to roll when the useless mook shoots a player
kusakabe HAS A STAT BLOCK though
realtalk
what pink said
could probably get away with doing a week at a time
lol
that's a good quote
hey is for horses
teller could call his giant monster minion Aslan.
and his cape Bast
Hmm.
Diehard mixed with ballistics Thinker? Less effect from Wounds, bonus to Guts, the more hurt you are the more powerful your ballistics-Thinker power is.
honestly I didn't really like the psyche harm/self heal thing that much
+1 to hit/dodge ranged per Wound suffered, +3 to Guts rolls to keep going after taking a hit, ignore physical trauma, etc.
base +1 or +2 to hit/dodge even without being hurt.
Thinker. Receives a base bonus of +1 to hit/dodge for ranged attacks. This bonus increases by 1 for each wound the parahuman suffers. They ignore the effects of any wounds when it would negatively impact their ranged accuracy. On rolls to keep going after taking all their wounds, ignore physical trauma, and similar, the parahuman receives a +3 bonus.
they become really accurate
so they won't accidentally shoot their next spouse
only on purpose
not normally this dead, no.
what's a good name for a hero team?
the bad one
I owned him.
stop shipping everything for no reason! grr! argh!
a PRT director being a Chinese or Japanese refugee would be tite.
Why put a bullet between his eyes when you can feed him to Bastard Son?
Sell him to the Yangban?
could probably get a lot of funds that way
does anyone
stop saying realtalk
Enough! The talk was already real!
He's not oblivious at all.
He knows exactly what he is doing and doesn't give a shit.
I said you weren't oblivious.
I feel like the problem is more GM-end
I mean, if you look at canon Protectorate characters, there's plenty of capes who would be plenty fun to play. Shadow Stalker, for example, or Feint.
big ol' groucho marx glasses
!searchquote tanuki
oh, anti. you free to talk OOG?
#Gamedesign
wdearthhe or somesuch
what's "Phix" a reference to, for Teller's cape?
lots of near eastern myth references in Flint
uhh. it's "under" as in the opposite of "over"
whelm memed my friend
Oh, is my current order set the one I'm going with?
I noticed something I missed/should have changed on the first pass but figured it was basically irrelevant. I'll PM you.
Also, I added some ideas under Ideas in the OOG doc on how to reward small size/tie territory to group size/give advantages for more territory, you can take a look at it whenever.
Oh? You're supposed to wear clothes?
Oh, good.
Vaklav: try to be creative and proactive. It can be frustrating to GM people who just kind of go with the flow and just kind of repeatedly attack without much strategy to it.
owned, person who is still in school
Don't really need a reason to slap Mishie with a fish.
it's seven minutes later and we talk about Prothean all the time
Nay.
this is probably a really stupid idea but i'm going to post it anyway. 
?
it's just like canon Worm, except it's even more mysterious how a thousand years of Tinkers haven't resulted in any broad technological progress.
Fallout 4, and don't listen to him.
steal it
it's not theft, it's ip violation
it'll be cool when Yael shows up and breaks his spine in one blow
you're in the best spot really, Teller.
Gang 1
"big group, has goons and guns to bear. established territory within the city. you’re the lieutenant, taken over after your boss just died. your gang is scared, confused, looking at no longer being the top dog - with boss dead, your respect is lacking, everybody’s wanting to play it safe, tails between their legs. "
coward was really perfect for that trigger
imo, don't plan to fail, plan to cause as much damage as possible to your enemies regardless of the cost to you.
I suppose, but the psychos have everyone as their enemies.
[in the Taken voice] "Good luck."
build up forces and rep in my territory.
Zulfiqar wants to make her territory a better place, which differentiates her from... basically everyone else except Yael.
he's going to murder a bunch of people then Yael is going to show up when he least expects it and break him in half.
I want to get rid of drugs and shit.
lmao wtf is up with these D list cape names
"Knight Kritikal"
Eat the rich.
diskontent?
can no one in this damn city spell?
should I change my cape's name to Zulfikar to fit in
Hmm?
are there going to be fresh triggers in Flint at some point?
beyond like, people's minions triggering
Shockodile could be a nice person. If they are, they can join up with Zulfiqar. She's not judgemental.
shockodile probably didn't choose the name
they're probably a vaguely reptilian with electric powers Case 53 who dindu nuffin
Doctor Murder
anything interesting happen in the past 40 minutes?
he was wondering what your problem with the shotgun system is
oh man
it'd be cool if somebody recruited me
and I did the Skitter thing
except at the end I do turn my whole gang into the police
You're a mercenary so we cool.
it's still called the same under "Groups of Interest"
the naked fuckheads
Blushy should be set so it won't quoterain in #Weaverdice
the way people schedule sessions here is fucking terrible for getting multiple people at the same time. if you want it to happen, you have to say "2:00 PM CST Saturdays, 3-5 hours, if you can't make it don't sign up."
should probably be "schedule" sessions because it's not really scheduling.
sorry, was on toilet/putting dog out/etc. I'm good whenever, I guess.
just shove your thumb into their eye really hard.
that is specifically a technique that does not rely on brawn
$claim 12 Nekraa
$master
shaker?
I'm not going there.
striker
it doesn't have to be a person.
"Strikers result from immediate, in-your-face threat, usually a singular object or individual."
how many volts does X have. how many newtons does Y apply. let me google that every time the player takes an action, oops it turns out that there's some insanely stupid way for them to get a million newtons somehow
Not for my game.
it's not for my game, the character's for ledyard
is what i was saying
did Dale's breaker/thinker get claimed for?
Thinker power that grants increased skill with items taken from someone else.
?
No, you physically steal a gun from somebody and you get Barrage 5 with it or something.
That's a little close to sympathetic magic.
Thinker ability to enhance worn equipment and used weapons. Depending on object, applies a specific, consistent special effect (e.g. always inflicts pain, wound type manipulation, can't be Guts-tanked, ignores armor, etc), but effect varies between objects of the same type, so the parahuman prefers specific objects that they know well.
Why not?
There's combat-focused Thinker powers.
Power is feeding the parahuman information on exactly how to [do X], but using the weapon's specific and unique characteristics to guide what X is.
By stabbing the dude where the armor's weak?
Well it's looking like wounds might be changing so I was vague on that.
It's not the knife. It's you, holding the knife.
Power tells you, "stab here," you stab there.
Dauntless.
That sounds like Omnigrade from Vancouver.
uh... fuck, I can't remember whose character he is.
but basically he's dauntless-lite
imbues objects, making them better at what they do for abit. I think he makes them shinier too.
Night.
In my idea, there's no imbuement. The power is telling you how to attack. It changes its suggestions based on the specific weapon, which causes different effects. For one knife, it's focused on inflicting pain, for another it's focused on figuring out how to cut through armor, for a third it's helping you keep them hemmed in so they can't dodge. Nothing changes about the knife itself.
Mechanically they are.
Which game is this for?
Have it basically.
Would prefer for someone else to offer input one way or the other.
I was
Uhhh, personal attack much??
You're implying he's a flake.
I have a write-up but I'd rather have Vern on since it is his game.
Berlin
Hi.
$classes
I went through a little while back, there's a lot of potential Breaker, Changer, Stranger triggers on the list at the moment, enough to push them back up. Not a lot of Tinkers though.
Can somebody hit me with the Tinkers doc?
 - thoughts?
yeah, sort of
also getting low on triggers in general
post the trigger again
I don't think so.
if you're talking past few days, Ace hasn't actually gotten a power for it
 - thoughts?
I thought about sibling/legal guardian but it has the problem of people not being as willing to blame you for your younger sibling being a fuckup versus your child being a fuckup.
Line breaks in a trigger don't turn out well when they get posted in chat, Anti. But it looks basically good, otherwise.
we abandoned your trigger again lol

I generally just describe content besides crucial bits.
i'm going to do something with the trigger doc real quick, nobody do anything to it
okay I de-alphabetized the used trigger lists
for some reason the section that got alphabetized reached to 125 in the unalphabetized version and 124 in the alphabetized one, but fuck figuring out why.
I dunno why. I assume some trigger got deleted or duped but I'm not figuring out which.
sorry, was afk
Wildbow was discussing cutting out the hit location roll and incorporating it into the wounds roll.
so you roll, e.g., 1d6 to-hit, and 1d6 for which wound from a list.
which would include things like getting domed and getting gutshot
it's for Vern's game
I don't remember the words.
nothing
vern, kurama's in your game, yeah?
oh, so should we put off power gen till he's in?
okay.
$trigger 39
my suggestion was "Thinker ability granting improvedacuity with equipment (weapons, armor, etc) which varies in expression by the object in particular, with objects of the same type typically having different expressions. The parahuman will not be aware of exactly how the object aligns with their power until they use it in a real combat situation."
Okay.
what's Raiment do?
it also doesn't seem to have anything to do with the trigger
Thinker who always makes people bleed when they hit somebody.
they're two separate ones it looks like
h9v versus cAs
psst. use $npc tinker for ideas.
they get their dream job and it turns out they hate it?
Teller's on, Antioch.
there's like three m-scan triggers I can think of. get accused of cheating in academic work, lose sports scholarship, and get arrested on suspicion of being a villain.
for witch trial thing: some kind of stealthy parahuman is psycho and causes a lynch mob to get formed, with you as its target, and they use some inane and nonsensical criterion based on a limited understanding of the para's powers?
trapped in a quarantine zone. Can't escape without powers, but if you have powers then you probably shouldn't be allowed out.
I think it's an emoticon
he rolled it for San Perlita
you shoot balls that explode into 5' radius urban terrain traps
Lobbed shot raises a tangle of concrete/urban elements in a 5' radius around impact. On contact only, blossoms into space warped rubble/pillars/rebar/wire. If contacting an enemy (difficult), they end up partially tangled. Otherwise is on contact with surface. Trump aspect, take away from immediate damaging/binding effect of attack, power short circuits powers in area. More effective vs. ongoing effects, disrupting forcefields, projections,
 etc. More effective upon initial activation, wear off in time.
Bow wrote it mang.
$classes
yeah hasn't been
$trump
I don't think it was.
wait, fuck
no, it was shem who did 8-9
right, right, he was the fucked up power baby seeder
no, he was the suicide stopped by cape
spending fifteen pages babbling about the Bethesda pile is against both the spirit and letter of the rules.
It is not.
There is no need to post "basically" or "realtalk" or whatever and then wait twenty seconds to actually post your thought. Just post your thought, with the dumb preface if you must.
"But yeah" is another example of such a phrase.
Making people change channels murders power gen basically every time.
I remember Dolyn power genning for Helena and bow asked people to move to another channel and guess what? I was basically the only person involved in making her power.
"Well"
you're the leader of the psychos,it's IC to want to kill you
anyway, I'm going to be at my grandparents for basically the rest of the week so peace.
$trigger 6
$claim 6 Spokane [paboty]
$tinker
$trump
$master
One of Char's.
It was discussed that maybe she's a duplicator of some kind.
Doesn't really matter.
The character didn't know that Claire = Sirensong until after murking Sirensong.
I agree it's implausible in its particulars but the overall contours are fine as inspiration so just pretend it's a less-stupid version of the same trigger.
Maybe she has the alter ego perk. :P
@Ace: I just got up, give me a little bit to decide.
There already was one made.
Alright, ten minute burst. Shoot any ideas, if nobody has anything good, kill and reroll.
$trigger 4
Oh, I like that idea, actually.
It turns people into monsters, and as a secondary thing, heals them.
P E R M A N E N T
No, more Psychosoma.
Permanent, but they've got an independent will.
Meaning he can't just make people into a giant stupid army of minions.
Not sure about whether to have it work on himself.
No. Not adaptive.
(@Olive)
Perm with heal has the problem of being a bit to similar to Dolyn's power.
Which is also a Changer power that gradually mutates her into a monster the more she uses it.
Parahuman can cause grotesque, physical deviations in both himself and others (touch range). In both cases, causing mutations heals the individual. In the case of the parahuman, the mutations eventually fade, with the wounds returning. For others, mutations and healing are permanent.
Work?
Ace, roll.
I fucking hate flourish.
Actually, wait, should've been luck 6.
Do $luck 6
because I don't like luck 4.
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah, fine, was thinking of cutting Flourish to replace with the d6 result before anyway.
Improved defensive capabilities and mental influence sub-effect on the monsters that makes them terrifying to normies.
$claim 4 San Perlita [AceOfSpade]
$changer
$master
Bitch is a Master.
though admittedly standard Master protocols wouldn't work too good on you
When the parahuman wants it to be.
skin-to-skin
probably blaster
>implying
If stacking is possible there'd be a set limit.
Yeah.
Parahuman can cause grotesque, physical deviations in both himself and others (touch range). In both cases, causing mutations heals the individual. In the case of the parahuman, the mutations eventually fade, with the wounds returning. For others, mutations and healing are permanent. Monsters have improved defensive capabilities, as well as an effect that forces non-parahumans to make Guts checks (DC 4) in order to act other than screaming and
/or fleeing (fear effect doesn't apply to allies).
it is done
Parahuman can cause grotesque, physical deviations in both himself and others (touch range). In both cases, causing mutations heals the individual. In the case of the parahuman, the mutations eventually fade, with the wounds returning. For others, mutations and healing are permanent. Monsters have improved defensive capabilities, as well as an effect that forces non-parahumans to make Guts checks (DC 4) in order to act other than screaming and
/or fleeing (fear effect doesn't apply to allies).
says the guy who made slipup
so can this guy
he's alright as a pure changer.
no it mutates capes 5ever
I'm having them roll on the C53 table AND also on a separate couple tables for bonuses.
yeah
none planned
That is exactly what will happen.
smdh
he'll have to double mutate a C53 to find out
no, just on himself
permanent on others, temp on self
THE parahuman
not all parahumans, the parahuman with the ability
replace "the parahuman" with your characters name on your sheet if it's ever legacy'd
yeah. not much else to do.
she was replaced, with ace.
olive's in SP too
Master/Tinker.
It's not like they're going to have sex with their robot.
Builds, modifies, and enhances a single core drone, which obeys commands from personal devices (maybe could make it work via ordinary devices - cell phone app to order around drone).
Thinking on that.
For theming the modifications, I'm thinking something flashy, attention grabbing. Lightning, maybe, or sonic attacks.
If you really want AI, could make it "ghost in the machine" AI, activates algorithms seemingly on its own criterion, suggesting an intelligence at work (i.e. the shard hitting buttons to mess up the parahumans life).
yeah, independent AI doesn't seem very good for a single drone.
Hmmm.
Emotion aura is kinda eh and everybody always goes for it.
I think your idea works. Modifications focused on smaller stuff, trend towards utility more than raw combat power, James Bond or Batman gimmicks.
I assumed that was the idea - the gadgets are part of the drone. Grappling hook hand, buzz-saw elbow, etc.
this had a paired trigger which got a hunter-killer Thinker.
anyway, yeah, Tinker with RC drone with mods tending towards utility.
should dal roll? and if so, which luck?
do $life flaw
teller fucked it up so now it rolls 2d4 instead of 1d4+1d6.
and you type $luck # so that it rolls 1d4+1d#.
Yes.
[2/4, 3/6].
sic semper people who cry about their luck rolls.
Better idea: they *think* their drone is tsundere. But actually it's just a drone and they're crazy.
*types on phone* "I love you, master." "Oh, that's so sweet of you, darling."
pwned.
Hmm.
1s, let me look at scope
$power perk 22
Hmmmm.
That's how all Tinkers work.
I'd say just generally improved range on attacks and abilities, or alternatively can have a backup drone (but can't run both simultaneously).
devotion/obsession fits.
It's a Tinker power, just make a note that it should be that little bit better when making the tables.
$power flaw 38
We don't know what life flaws he would have had.
+scope, --QoL, devotion/obsession as power used, +[power/range/versatility/SFX]
quality of life
btw, claim it
master?
minion
her core thing is surgery though
your core thing is minion
 <- thoughts?
How so?
Eh.
more like an excuse for 5 in some stat.
Hmm.
sorry, computer crashed. last thing I saw was "If you did, it'd be fine by me"
kk
this a PC?
what's the trigger?
No, just, doesn't feel very in-tune with the power.
well, whatever
Use it on allies to boost their bad stats.
*unfortunately
blaster
good on Thinkers and Brutes and shit with big stat boosts
 <- thoughts?
Bel already did.
bel isn't that rare a sequence of three letters
#WD_Fort_Town
flourish should seriously get changed
on account of a) some powers have a core conceit of being inaesthetic and b) it's really fucking lame.
@Firlz: Parahuman can cause grotesque, physical deviations in both himself and others (touch range). In both cases, causing mutations heals the individual. In the case of the parahuman, the mutations eventually fade, with the wounds returning. For others, mutations and healing are permanent. Monsters have improved defensive capabilities, as well as an effect that forces non-parahumans to make Guts checks (DC 4) in order to act other than screa
ming and/or fleeing (fear effect doesn't apply to allies).
you're good at reading people it seems
for what purpose?
$used 354
 <- thoughts?
How so?
Does it say their dad was PRT?
Eh. Actually, could just change him to be a villain, wouldn't mess anything up.
so change "hero" to villain in the second and use first as-is?
elements of Death, maybe?
I don't think so.
Check your logs.
Then find it in your logs.
People have been mistaken about the trigger being used before in the past. That's why you should keep logs.
Nekraa rolled aura subtle MC psycho spouse, right?
which game?
Berlin?
not this one
a while back
it's messed up on the used trigger events
which game is singularity tinker for?
$claim 33 Dallas [Dolyn]
$tinker
 <- thoughts?
 <- thoughts?
Clarify your position on the second, Shem?
the last
basically
I mean, you don't know.
but it's probably not good
any other opinions, re: the second?
Hmm. Rewriting the first, what about keeping with "trophy wife wants to stop being just a trophy wife," but instead of shutting them down, spouse sabotages their job behind their back and they find out?
it would be insanely fucking annoying to roll poorly and then get nothing
There is no other word for it.
Phrase.
Especially given how rare it is to hit that point.
I mean you're probably going to get like... one, maybe two a campaign.
$trigger 42
Didn't this get used?
idr
some Brute/Shaker thing with kinetic energy feeding it, maybe?
campaign/triggeree?
This is not my job. :/
$claim 42 Ledyard [LightningSteps]
$brute
1ft discharge radius doesn't seem worth Shaker so
it was an electric field in 1ft radius in response to being hit
I dunno and I closed the tab with #WeaversDice.log. Whoever has a better handle on the power can increment if they wanna.
Like most things in life, they do not.
Call you Colin?
asterisk?
be cool to get rid of the Ruin flaw that way.
"You murdered enough people. You are now, at last, satisfied."
 <- thoughts?
yeah the list is just staying above the 50 trigger water mark
when did olive roll bell curve master?
from the snuff trigger
maybe
Seven, Nekraa rolled one on the 22nd.
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
Sure.
Perfect.

I even get a trump. Woo.
You caught out one of the lower-level guys in your gang skimming a cut of the take. Huge chunks. Honestly, as if he thought he could get away with it. You and five buddies corner him, stuff the fuckhead into the van, and drive him over to a nearby meat locker, chain him up, hang him from one of the big ass meat hooks in the ceiling.
The little bitch isn’t squealing about where he stashed the take, and you have a sinking suspicion that he’s already pissed it all away, so one of your buddies starts capping him, one knee, then the other, asking questions in between, while the rest of you level your pieces at his head.
Well, maybe you put him through too much shit, because out of fucking nowhere, he starts having some kind of fit - all of a sudden he’s summoning shards of ice from midair, needling outwards, impaling your buddies, causing the temperature of the meat locker to drop even further.
You’re pinned to the wall yourself, bleeding out into the frost on the floor, blood coagulating slowly into a nasty, gelatinous slush, losing feeling in your body from the fingers up, and as your vision starts to white out at the corners, you realize help isn’t coming…
6 or 4?
luck 6 or luck 4?
$luck
Big fits with enforcer, I think.
can't you $invite or whatever
It's really cowardly and shitty to say things about people behind their back you wouldn't say to their face.
Weird that I've never seen you do it.
I don't see how it wouldn't be a personal attack just because the person isn't here.
How is American English any harder to learn than British English? Both are pretty much equally full of words that aren't spelled like they sound and irregular verbs.
such as...?
British English is basically the same except they stick "u" in a bunch of words randomly.
No.
"Studies on historical usage of English in the United States and the United Kingdom suggest that spoken American English did not simply evolve from period British English, but rather retained many archaic features contemporary British English has since lost."
It is British English tthat came later.
*that
$used 358
Which game was this rolled for?
it got claimed just last night but my computer got shut by accident so it's not in my logs
it's down as "Prothean"
Hey, spelt, mind if I steal your trigger ideas from last night and fiddle with them a bit?
but did you send a cereal selfie to thalia, is the question

It took you thirteen minutes to come up with that?
any second opinions on the triggers?
and rounding it out with a fifth: 
the eye gouge is a pretty common self defense technique.
With your eyes.
I suppose if you use a screen reader you could read them with your ears.
no opinions on the toe maiming trigger?
you didn't
am vetting it: 
intent isn't to prevent you from walking, but to make every time you walk a reminder of that time you got your toe cut off
Life is pain.
don't you have two already?

the first is actually pretty shamelessly ripped off from Chocolate.

If no one else has any problems with them, I'll add 'em to the list, I suppose.
oh, btw, which game was the "you have cancer, your sister doesn't have fibromyalgia" trigger used for?
Prothean, did you use a regular trigger for an NPC again?
Which game, then?
drink caffeine
did Proth's power get incremented for, btw?
$master
Thinker/Master were 28/40 yesterday too
It turns out I do.
"Can Master lying people" is... well, it's a little on the nose, but hey, it's playable, useful, and non-stupid.
They're not in any game, Proth just decided that he'd generate a power now to use at some indefinite point in the future.
hopefully you can trigger and not let their dreams be dreams.
Was trigger 6 used?
Want to say a Brute with glowing toxic blood?
Ledyard, mebbe?
I also feel like 8 got rolled and rejected pretty much immediately, should it go to unvetted?
did whoever rolled 33 ever get their power?
no, tampon wedding dress
Kurama?
Okay, 33 was Kurama for Berlin and may or may not have been finished, I'm pretty sure 6 was used in Ledyard, and I'm pretty sure 8 was rolled once and immediately everyone went "urgh".
$trigger 8
I'm moving 8 to unvetted, if you want to rewrite it at some point go ahead.
is anyone with access to the Ledyard doc on?
Is there a Brute with toxic, glowing blood, and if so, could you post their trigger?
 ?
yeah
uuugh.
what's he even salty about?
your Lausanne cape's a Brute.
none of this arguing does anything to help with the trigger.
Either the power heals the cape or triggering heals the cape or the cape heals on their own. It doesn't matter.
Yes, or that.
I do kind of like the idea of a Breaker state that's the *only* time they can act.
Trying to think of a way to handle that that doesn't overlap with Aegis or Balogna too much.
Bellona.
quadriplegic with wrecking ball personal force field
that's not very useful for conflict.
Oh, what about vampire Breaker? Enters alternate state, "feeds" on others, inflicting on them the same condition he suffers, and in return he can have a little while of normal life for each person he's fed on?
4
"Vampire Breaker," inflicts own condition on others in exchange for a brief reprieve in his normal state.
Can do it to multiple people, inflicts for longer than it heals (maybe a day versus six hours), and probably touch but I'm not really sure what powers to give the guy in his Breaker state.
Mushy triggers that reach across a whole bunch of categories are generally Breaker.
Was thinking mummy.
Yeah, too slow to use.
Oh, I've got something. Turns into a mess of sort of long, thin Breaker-esque materials in human shape, can "wrap" someone in the materials, which both grants control of their body and inflicts an increasing period of nigh-comatoseness the longer they're trapped, and has enough "bandages" to wrap up to three people simultaneously (sort of turning him into a triple-duplicated Master).
(and their comatoseness heals his comatoseness out of Breaker, as previously menitoned)
I was thinking the second.
My thought was that, basically, there's a "ghost" in a shell of bandages, giving them initial form. Can spread his bandages around another target, losing part of them (but not really effecting him negatively), with enough bandages to do it up to three times.
Yes. Wouldn't necessarily be trivial to get someone wrapped up, though.
Either a) they have some bandages left but can't use them to wrap more, or b) the "ghost" just disappears and they use the three people alone.
I suppose.
Silenced is perfect.
which classes? Breaker/Master?
Breaker (Master). Becomes a 'ghost' surrounded by a shell of Breaker material, arranged into long, thin "bandages." Can wrap others in this material (though it's not trivial and they will struggle), effectively gaining physical control of their body. Has enough "bandages" to do it to three targets, and the "ghost" remains, still wrapped in a last, thin layer. While people are trapped, slowly inflicts their comatose condition on them, and gives 
the cape a brief reprieve outside their Breaker state.
replace last sentence with: "While people are trapped, slowly inflicts the parahuman's comatose condition on them, and gives the cape a brief reprieve outside their Breaker state."
which game?
probably something in the range of 1 min draining = 2 hours they're comatose = 1 hour you're not comatose. Not necessarily exactly that, though.
$claim 4 Ledyard [Ishamoridin]
$breaker
$master
pwned
@Ace: that sounds like something that would cause a lot of conflict.
The heroes will.

It's not like he rolled a crippled flaw.
It's a very "shard" thing to give you a tool to ruin people's lives so that you can have a better one.
the bandages might be glow-y or colored or something but yeah, basically.
I'm good with whatever.
 <- thoughts???
And first?
What do you feel that the second's missing?
Hmm. Anyone got any good ideas for Striker or Mover triggers? They're a little limited on the list at present.
aren't Suits heroes?
just put "a gang"
It reads "a pyrokinetic that has [...] affecting said flames" at present.
I think "degree of separation" refers to the difference between "being shot by a cape's laser," "being shot by a cape's directly controlled minion's laser," and "being shot by a cape's independent minion's laser."
Hmm?
Grue is Null/Three.
Weird interaction with Labyrinth, chaotic and very strong application.
neither canon capes nor the triggers we generate here are 1:1 trigger:most logical class.
Donald - Make America Great Again.
How is it a cakewalk if you ate them?
Panda's "cakewalks" are no such thing.
Someone (not me) might go so far as to call your games "sexobredrum".
because they hate you
read it backwards
we use a mix and then get frustrated when bow changes something without making any note of it whatsoever.
main stat got switched
MA became Brawn/Know instead of Dex/Know.
and now you get minions on the third dot of Street Smarts, not the second.
comabitch? yeah
mummy Breaker/Master
Good idea.

[in the memeface] "Actually... it's not okay!"
Not me.
I haven't even said I'd like to join yet.
but for real if you're running i've got a ten hour trip tomorrow and staying up late gaming and sleeping on the way sounds funner than sitting in the car conscious for eight hours.
he had one session months ago and abandoned it
iirc
he bans people from his games for saying that you know.
He bans people for that too.
thethirst is real
he hasn't even run most of the people in it.
Told you he bans people for coughing.
Whoa, hey guys.
elsewhere
Or perhaps not.

yes: 
@Ridtom: "Try not to suggest anything too retarded."
replace "mobilebasic" with "edit" at the end of the URL
that's why I linked it a second time with "yes:"
mobilebasic loads 100x faster and doesn't spend 500MB of memory for no goddamn reason so I use it for most browsing purposes, but you have to use edit to actually edit.

1x1
Spoiler: All the characters you love die.
Yes.
Not only does it save it, but other people can watch you edit.
'bow
lol
also bte
Maybe you should try having less hot friends.
I try.
Here's my impression of all you guys: "Oh, boo hoo, I have dated enough people to be able to notice their egregious behavior is unusual."
[insert joke about how you should've pretended here]
yeah, hard refresh.
I'd give you them, Scrags, but I was on the very long car trip home when the session started.
actually, here's what I've got: 
There have definitely been multiple "people think you are a parahuman and you are not" triggers.
No.
is there any particular reason there's two used triggers in the unvetted triggers section?
"While working as a server in a steakhouse, a couple ordered your specialty onion rings.  These onion rings are fried on location, in peanut oil.  The couple, having missed the warning in the menu, bite in, only for one to go into anaphylactic shock from their peanut allergy while you looked on and their date shouted at you in panic." did somebody really get a cape from this retarded trigger?
Worst?
That's not the problem with the trigger.
It's in Baltimore and labeled "Gundor's cape"
There was another peanut trigger right before it which is pretty funny but that one was less stupid.
The thing that's stupid about that trigger is that you are not the person dying. Nor are you close to the person dying. Nor are you in any real way responsible for the person dying. It's just, "somebody is dying near you," the trigger.
No, Pink, don't put it like that. What really happened is, you invented so many new words.

why is every word in the Freezeout log highlighted?

lmfao: 
I don't think you "need" a dildo bat.
As a corollary, how idealized is Mao Zedong, with regard to the CUI?" How idealized was Robespierre, with regards to the first French Empire? Nicholas II, with regards to the USSR?
Napoleon), but yeah.
a single party socialist state to a monarchist empire is pretty much as night and day as it gets
that's because there's not much said at all
It's communist in that it is run by a single mass vanguard party with authoritarian political policies.
Sure, economically.
RSFSR/USSR, so there's a degree of separation there too.
uhhh
Not... really, no.
nooot really.
1s
based on what there is: 1d4, roll two of the appropriate luck, roll deviation (5% unless mitigating/exacerbating circumstance), if deviated, roll 2d3 for # of bodyparts, 2d8 for which body part, and 1d6 for severity.
roll two pick one, should say, for luck
btw, bow, what does this mean on the Cauldron section, for three stars? "Player gets a Cauldron roll as well as a luck roll."
the very next sentence is "There is a chance of deviation if so desired." and none of the others use the "Cauldron roll" language.
she hasn't chugged it yet
watch her mutate
Oh, you're rolling for Click's power?
You said you're rolling for dumb things, and Click's power is a dumb thing.
Stupid. Boom.
She turns into a giant bug monster BUT the giant bug monster is disguised by a mental illusion that makes her look like a girl BUT she also has a terror aura. Oh, and the illusion breaks when you touch her.
hah.
it's a self-contradictory power that works against itself and doesn't make any sense
*do
I would imagine that Worm Tinkers are masters of spaghetti code and knotty wiring, actually.
all the wires are the same color to make it harder to reverse engineer
"Pinlk"
I'm right here.
I'm still waiting on Dolyn's sheet, Olive.
she pmed me her WIP sheet
it's cool that all of you have powers to turn into freaky monsters
well, you're not the same kind of freaky monsters
Olive is a calcified zombie thing, Dolyn has a versatile suite of animalistic shifts (no defenses), and Ace turns himself and others into biomonsters.
the name, you mean?
yeah, that's fine
I always figured GU's shard was named Harvest.
well she's literally insane so
Queen, Broadcast, Snare, Sting, are the entity names for Skitter, Jack, GB, and Flechette's shards. "Keeper of the Dead" is a little out of theme for them.
in narrative it's referred to as "the administration" or "the administrator" shard, but in the italics it's referred to as Queen.
Healer
Doctor-Father.
turns into a monster (temp), and turns others into monsters (permanent).
Please don't say realtalk, it triggers me.
I agree, all the Stranger powers you guys make stink and are frankly, shameful.
It depends on category. Brutes, Thinkers, and Strangers tend to really suck and be fundamentally dull, but there have been some slick Breakers.
the waifubot tinker was cool too
there's multiple big fat lists of ideas now
which aura?
the one who got murked in Lausanne?
he was pretty weak.
Oh, yeah, that.
Also, Triumvirate level capes... ehhh.
he's literally up there with Alexandria and Legend, dude.
most capes are in Grue-to-Skitter range
such as?
given that she can voluntarily do it, that would get retarded in one session, and end the campaign in two.
it strains the social contract when you give people powers that make it easy to destroy the setting.
very heavily limits creativity in play
not super ringing bells
Oh, did you gen her power?
it's proximity not genetics
genetics play a roll in that shards prefer people similar to their current host, iirc.
but that's it
cripes are you people still on this
trump primary
how is this not trump primary
everything going on here is about a power. you're next to the power's effects. the power's being applied. the parahuman's right there.
There is no problem here without powers.
No, obviously not.
how is this any less a pure trump than the guy who jumped off a building and a cape saved him.
he gave doomed powers iirc
it's not tinker
yeah this is impossible to solve over weeks but the trigger is before those weeks have passed
Power turns other parahumans into monsters loosely under the cape's command, which are themed after their "host's" powers. All I got.
Dubious.
it's trigger 25
panda's trigger... for... your game? i dunno.
yeah it's wb's
Yeah, Scraggy. Doesn't make much sense to me. I don't see how you could use the bizarre alien reproductive strategies to conclusively determine the Case 53's gender.
pretty sure Cauldron shards count for Trump
my suggestion was: 'Power turns other parahumans into monsters loosely under the cape's command, which are themed after their "host's" powers.'
was thinking in terms of something that combines 5 and 9 in a way that's not just Scrags' lost SD cape.
I think this trigger needs either wb or the gm to decide for it. Too many directions, needs somebody who can exercise executive control.
it's not a problem except when the gm is off somewhere else and so can't just go "uhh let's focus on stranger" or w/e.
Ahh, yes, inspiration.
hmm.
bug trail breaker
idk
it's really true for triggers like this that are abstract
i don't think so
scrags is the gm i'm pretty sure
lol
he dc'd
~13m ago
oh, maybe
hasn't said anything tho
thankfully world is gone
panda did not get his cape, we decided to sit on it because the trigger really needs somebody who can exercise executive control on direction.
no
he can't minimod an actual mod
it's a goddamn joke. it is incredibly obvious in context that both are made in jest. jesus fucking christ.
...
I am mad at you, specifically, Mishie.
Not anything she's said or done.
it says you're red because it's you. to others using hexchat you're teal
like Nonagon comes out as green on other people's clients (iirc), but red to me.
that's a really dumb way of saying purple
Don't see what's confusing about it.
Changer, Tinker
what are the changers in Detroit atm?
what's backlash's gimmick?
I know Stray and not-Runaway's power
ahahaha
perfect
because it would really fit for this to be somebody Thalia blew up.
if it's a problem, say the realization set in after a few days instead of weeks/months, then. still in hospital but struggling and seeing how it's going to turn out. same basic themes.
no, they really need something to compensate
Either a power that sets them apart from a direct combat role (e.g. Oracle, Professor X) or one that gives them mobility somehow (e.g. Tinker armor/cybernetics/etc, Changer alternate form)
Needs to be separated from Adonis in a clear way.
biosymbiont prosthetics? like the daelkyr guys from Eberron.
Oh, that's good.
mix with "Weapon Horror - Change into an amorphous horror of natural and melee weapons.  Dealing damage and rampaging fills a rage bar, with the parahuman gaining additional changes and benefits while in the rage form." from detail doc, maybe?
what was the place that got exploded like?
Could do an effect like... Smear, I think it was (from Baltimore), where the trail sticks around for a while, blocking paths and such. Maybe it spark and combust after a while.
could give it a non-bio theme. stone, oil, plaster.
I'm having a tough time seeing how it's useful for conflict, but maybe I'm just missing something in the idea.
What's the stuff do once it's shed?
my computer froze, what happened with Mega's power?
would i be correct in assuming that you guys didn't claim or increment for Mega?
tropism changer for Detroit
$claim 7 Detroit [Megafire]
$changer
pink's baltimore character
"deets" = "details"
Eris is 16. Being born in 2002 would make you 13.
why would you use _seen on somebody who just said something not half a minute ago?
maybe
probably not that much though
it's not editable anymore unless anti gives you permissions.
if you define "ideal way" to be "not ever," then yes, it is ideal.
claim and increment pink's
$changer
I still don't understand how you can conclude from this that the Case 53 is female.
I don't think Vern liked my idea.

No.
10m hasn't passed.
$life flaw 77
no wait I think it's $78
Which power did Anti get?
Obama being the President would explain how bad Wormverse America is. :P
Most of those questions would rely on having another cape to experiment on.
do you really want to recommend that PC capes join the PRT
sure. but stuff that makes sense in universe can very easily not be particularly fun to play or GM.
"taylor triggers at the end of 2010" didn't she trigger after the Christmas break ended? that'd be Jan 2011, right?
Backlash is force field fuckup Trump?
Backlash is the tentacle spaz?
Ah, yes.
Make it not purely reactive. Done.
I don't actually know what Backlash does other than having a power that sounds really unfun to play.
What do the tentacles actually do?
Yes.
There's True Use.
re: Shem's suggestion
2 votes in an hour is about right for most Akun quests.
that's how akun quests work
very, very fast feedback from players
"God."
u
what, like a porn game?
don't worry, you're attractive
I'd go with something more like Canary, but you need to roll the place.
2d8? I've almost got the doc up.
Arm.
And, yeah, it was 2d8.

Easier to quietly disappear someone when their entire social group is a part of your tight-knit church. But, hmm. Maybe add a bit that you were questioning some stuff?
$classes
They're easier and more interesting to write.
And they're also really easy to make decent, distinct powers for, whereas probably upwards of half the Strangers, Thinkers, and Brutes made here are poo.
They tend to just be, "durability, strength, regeneration, pick two," without necessarily anything to make them fun or interesting to play.
If you look at the detail generator, theres a lot of interesting directions. Heartbeat, the character who's more dangerous the more hurt they are. Shatter, armor that explodes in a spray. Buckler, a shield that enhances with each strike it absorbs. And those are for NPCs!
oh shit dol
there's like exactly that trigger already.
$trigger 64
sorry
That already happened, Thal.
Positively genius compared to this.
Oh, yeah.
"While working as a server in a steakhouse, a couple ordered your specialty onion rings.  These onion rings are fried on location, in peanut oil.  The couple, having missed the warning in the menu, bite in, only for one to go into anaphylactic shock from their peanut allergy while you looked on and their date shouted at you in panic."
"somebody else who you don't know is dying of peanuts, you trigger" is already worse than that.
It was a Baltimore character, yeah. Can't remember which.
Want to say... Gundor's?
Gundor's, yeah.

lol
sensible chuckle.
No.
In order to beat peanut man, this would have to be a story you heard second hand from someone you don't care about.
the satori of creampie
Hang on, I got it.
Your dad was a parahuman, and he triggered when he went into anaphylactic shock from his peanut allergy. You don't have a peanut allergy, but you eat too much peanut butter one day, and you get sick to your stomach from it. Trigger.
Yeah, you better not add it to the doc.
That's even stupider than the food processor gloryhole.
First of all, you're supposed to clean out fleshlights before you use them. Second of all,
Yeah, before and after.
How can we ping you if you leave?
You really hate accounts with inane rules on passwords, because you always make them 20+ character long phrases with numbers on the end. Your school system's password requirement has to be six letters long, and a mix of letters, numbers, and symbols. Trigger.
the "six characters with numbers, letters, symbols" is based on a true story.
I think he's making a joke based on - yeah. Based on the old, "it auto-censors your password," joke.
Wouldn't that be emanresuym, though?
What you posted would be my username backwards backwards.
You have owned yourself.

I resent that comment. I'm not fun.
I hate fun, actually.
Very well. I accept the analogy as valid.
Somebody said they came up with a stupid trigger, and you're waiting with bated breath for them to post it. Then they go AFK. Trigger.
spoilers!
Tubes only occasionally ducks his head into #WeaverDice, because he doesn't like the rules here. He just left, as always. You can bug him in #WDDallas if you care.
I don't read the Cleveland logs so I can't metagame.
"this character can mind control you if they talk to you for more than five seconds"
You are.
'tis a mirror.
wow, that few.
Life is pain. Anyone who tells you otherwise is trying to sell you something.
Also, Precious has been retconned into an actually lovable dog, a Labrador." wtf
You can't change the dog.
The dog is the most important part of Baltimore. You cannot change it.
I think it was a really good plan and you should do it again, Olive.
Nobody with any actual combat powers.
Good plan.
The Most Dangerous Kind Of Man.
@Olive, this is the base sheet I use: 
there's no rules for that yet
Reputation shit.
'has sex with pretzels'
No clue on what?
So? Pick one.
$roll 1d10 Sq|Li|Bu|PS|PR|Mil|Cop|FBI|CIA|Politician
Business. There.
Oh, yeah, your squaddiewank. Well, be a former Squaddie, then.
last thing I saw was "second goal: gain the trust of the government and the public"
be a squaddie, then your squaddiewank is IC.
you know it to be true.
You can't get rid of the dog.
He wants to replace precious with a damn labrador.
No.
This is Precious: 
I refuse to allow you to retcon this.
A French Bulldog/Chinese Crested mix that looks like a giant rat is much more characterful than a stupid labrador.
the best breed is Beagles, but that's besides the point.
If you must change it from the rat dog, at least change it to this: 
That's a beagle that has been abused until it's so fat it can't move.
I can't believe you want to get rid of Precious and not replace him with an equally ugly dog.
Sure there is.
Panth, Olive is trying to replace his ugly dog in Baltimore with a not-ugly dog. Help.
Ugly dog is characterful.
And funny.
Not ugly.
Having your beloved doggy be an ugly piece of shit is cool.
It was never a Chihuahua.
It was a French Bulldog/Chinese Crested mix.

?
"Make a Copy"
rip
I really, really wish
Speaking of kill the other players: I wish I hadn't had a quest scheduled the day that Spelt was playing.
In Vancouver, I totally would've shown up in Spelt's session to murk him. Alas.
I was going to.
You got lucky, though, and I was busy.
>implying you would close to melee
>implying if you did you could hit me
half-blind.
No, the flaw makes you half-blind, or completely blind but with power thingy.
I don't know, and if I did I still wouldn't tell you.
Ruin flaw.
Who said I was going to tell my allies?
That wouldn't happen.
Akane's crazy. You'd have to kill her.
yeah, spelt. you were picking on the poor disabled girl. ;_;
Heh.
Yes.
With Ruin flaw.
Fortunately there's a two year timeskip between my first outing and the present day.
If you knew what my power was you would understand that witnesses would not make you look more innocent. :)
Thinking on it, my power is really good at justifying brutality, hahaha.
I assume you mean ">24", not "<24". Also, uh, what do you roll? 1d20?
~.08% chance each time, and unavailable on the second consecutive use, so probably not.
The reputation block has the problem of what to do for "neutral" reputation, since people don't start out Scoundrels.
Equipment at the bottom?
the time delay on activation means a lot less when people can't see it coming.
*can
no wait, i had it right the first time

PM _ _tell [person's name] [thing you want to say] is the closest you can do to it.
_ is the name of the bot; its commands are also preceded by _. so _tell is the command, which only works in PMs.
_tell ColdGold This command only works in PMs.
rip, shem.
I don't think I've ever gotten a Tinker, either.
Can I just say, I'm really glad old World is gone?
it completely distorts the power
and the setting
who's World in Grantsville?
that was World power?
isn't shadow echidna the one where you walked in front of a bullet so you could second trigger?
Are Endbringer attacks covered by insurance? I would assume not because, like, revolution and nuclear bombs generally aren't.

alternate past
it's 2015
Actually,
The problem is that Weaver Dice's combat system is designed for round-by-round meaningful tactical decisions (especially innovation and clever strategies), and as a rule of thumb reactive/passive powers do not allow for that.
Guns and knives generally don't, because the strategy for them is in large part "shoot/stab it until it is dead" or "run away."
They're doable, but they're harder and much less available.
Hmm. What about, e.g., a passive effect that enhances in intensity with each attack the parahuman successfully dishes out?
The problem is that the interesting stuff is beyond the player's control, because the effect is passive.
ugh, crap
trigger 61 is used, yeah?
by... Eris? For... Detroit?
the drugs cross country
$claim 61 Detroit [ErisMaenad]
Increment... Mover?
$mover
It was the sphere thing?
mover/shaker?
pink. should I increment Shaker for Eris's power?
$shaker

sure.
you doing $used or $npc?
you can use $used to get old trigger events, and gen like normal, or $npc to get the keywords for the power, and generate powers that way.
tubes left pink
no comments on these triggers? 
there was a lose control of a car slip and slide
Hmm, yeah, it's really close to used 234. Ah well.
I should probably change 4 so that you like, work at a bank that's foreclosed on some dude's house. "Your fries suck" is funny and perhaps plausible, but a little goofy.
"You work at a bank as a teller, dealing with customers. This guy comes up to your desk, and as you lean forward, he tosses something at you, that you scramble to catch. "Foreclose my fucking house," he mutters under his breath, turning around. You look at the device in your hands and realize it's an IED, and you're reasonably certain it's about to go off. Trigger."?
1, 2, & 5 = okay, though, yeah? No problems with them?
trump triggers are cool but you're not allowed to do them too often, sadly.

then again, it's probably for the best that you're not allowed to do them too often. I think I've done... two Trump triggers that got powers, and I found both of the results just so bad it made me sad.
cape groupie and psycho tinkerwife. cape groupie got some really meh power, steal secondary powers from people. psycho tinkerwife was even worse, some stupid social thinker with resistance to Master/Stranger effects, I want to say?
what's boring?
was it intentional that my power makes it easy to invent an excuse to take down a cape in broad daylight?
It's a Ruin cape so it's a secret.
Yeah, way to tell him what class power I have. Jerk.
I never managed to kill anyone successfully. The saddest teenage serial killer. :'(
so genericized hot grenade is good?
you can always play a Ruin cape even if you don't get Ruin. Just look at scraggy.
oh, shit. has anyone ever done a cement shoes trigger?
@spelt: "i was supposed to go out of town" "in like an hour" "but that's not happening"
What do you think it is?
tag thing, close to melee, tag person, yank self towards thing, yank person towards self.

I don't really know what to add to 2. Short and sweet serves its point well enough.
Well, good job. You wrote it. Now never put it in the trigger doc.
it's never stated. just use brawn or dexterity.
He's rebooting Baltimore.
Past few days?
He said no, Olive.
Ah.
On an unrelated note: what would you guys say the "roof" should be on a PC's power level?
No.
I want a qualitative expression of where you would say, "this is too strong for a normal game" is.
":)"
Well, the power level of a parahuman power can encompass non-brute force things. Like Mishie's stupid Social Thinker.
Or, for a different direction... I think it was, Visage for Firlz?
In New Haven, the "make a minion with somebody's power"
You don't see the problem with the guy who can dupe Eidolon's power in an expendable minion, because Firlz intentionally crippled himself?
he is, where "nearby" means, like, "a mile"
People tend to make really bad Thinker powers.
Bow made a nice one that was kind of Changer/Thinker, make masks that carry a different set of skills.
37th Strategem or whatever was pretty nice, too.
Yael, in Flint, has some chill paralytic Thinker/Striker punch techniques, iirc.
anti's strategy test/sandbox.
Thinker has the problem of people just making a precog, retrocog, or Social Thinker with no particularly interesting limitations or tricks.
Were they, spelt?
Uber, Victor, Tattletale, Coil, Dinah.
Shamrock, yeah.
Number Man.
Contessa.
I'm talking more primary Thinker, or at least a Thinker power that's not just sensory suite regarding subject of primary power.
(such as Skitter or Shatterbird)
I mean, even a precog power could be nice, if it was something other than just, "uhhh, you see into the future." It's the limitations that make a power as much as the strengths.
Dinah, Roulette, Contessa, all precogs, completely different from one another though.
@Eris: possibly, in the sense that the best Thinker powers can be used in ways that get you a secondary application.
*classification
I feel like the problem people have might be... scope? I think most good Thinker powers have a very tightly defined "scope," whereas there's a tendency, when making Thinker powers, to just paint a broad scope that covers a lot of different things, and not give any interesting limiters on it.
like, a precog/retrocog/Social Thinker would be okay, iff you specify it down a bit. a Social Thinker who can only make people afraid, a precog who can only see a minute into the future, or whose power shows them how to 'doom' anyone they touch, or whatever.
Yael, from Flint, is pretty heavy on that. Thinker/Striker who reads body language and dishes out debilitating melee attacks.
and there was the not-deadbeat dad whose power lets him make masks that carry a set of skills.
& eris got a phobia Thinker for Oakland, iirc.
don't worry, there's only been like, uh... one session since then
"What was the question?" started off as 'what's the roof on PC power' then went to 'Thinker powers tend to suck donkey nuts'.
rip Apex
Flint
I think the problem with Brutes and Thinkers tends to be the same problem. Strong, broad, and painfully generic.
which ones have you gotten?
it's more egregious with Brutes, honestly, because if you look at the detail generator, there's like a dozen different weird, interesting Brute powers you could yoink.
@Eris: looks decent. I'd give it a once over to clip unnecessary sentences and generally reduce the length.
oh, should I read his logs, then?
I've read like... none of the Cleveland logs.
he means they make powers that are 3x as long-range as they should be or 1/3.
Hmm. Yeah, I see what you mean. The problem is powers that effectively obviate all conflict for the character, and that criterion varies based on what the character wants.
it's old
eris. you're reading right now.
do you understand how IRC works?
Hmm? I'm not quite understanding the question.
I do quick notes on the local capes, generally.
@Pink: I don't know. I'd be fine with that, if you gave a trajectory. Like, "loves to murder people," even.
re: power/character goals. I feel like... hmm. I don't really like the feeling of intentionally crippling my character in the concept phase. I really like to 'lean in'/double down on my characters' stuff, that stuff is kind of the opposite, and it forces you to play in the areas that your character isn't good at, which doesn't feel quite right either.
[in beavis voice] "go-down". heh. heheheheh.
like, if the power is too strong, you have to say, 'what does my character want that my character cannot easily obtain.' Normally, that can be basically anything, but with a really strong power, it can restrict you a lot.
I'd say that's more about the fact that punching things is more interesting than moneyhaving. Cassandra Cain works fine dressing as a bat and punching criminals, and she's insanely optimized to do that.
Murder Coldhand.
*Brutally murder Coldhand.
Bruce Wayne is also really good at punching people too.
Brutally murder Loup-garou.
n-not brutally murdering things?
I do not understand this.
Nah, let me look at my character sheet again.
They weave through rural areas and lay low for substantial periods, yeah.
ideas: kill coldhand; take control of the silver bullets and maybe kill loup-garou in the process; get strong personal loyalty from a substantial # of parahumans; take and hold territory; take down major player in a public way to establish rep; pick a fight (or multiple fights) and force the other party to back down (or just kill them).
murder Wink because soulpelt cries too much so I'll give him something to cry about.
i could kill some Protectorate cape.
I think we have very different attitudes towards play that would make me love being the big boss.
lol
Ooh, good idea.
"Rip off Wink's arm and beat him with it."
RPGs are really fun if you approach them with the attitude of, "Hey, Mr. GM. Here is a noose, and my neck. Do as thou wilt." and then struggle to get free before you asphyxiate.
@spelt: try Monsterhearts. it's a really good kick in the nads to turn you insane, because every skin (class) has a minigame that revolves around being a psycho retard and there's layers of mechanical defenses around you that make it virtually impossible for you to die.
you should troll me by killing Coldhand.
that would be a masterstroke troll.
I don't think that would turn out as well as you would think, spelt.
You can join my team.
Good news. I play things fast and loose.
the riskiest thing of all is to do nothing.
If I wanted to pretend to be mentally stable, I would go outside.
If I wanted to pretend to be mentally stable, I would go outside.
rip San Diego
"If I wanted to pretend to be mentally stable, I would go outside." <has never had a paying job
"stuck in a tunnel"?
what was your Bogota power?
I really prefer to play female characters.
If you want to play a male character, it might be easier if you play someone with a strongly gendered personality. Not in the sense of, "grr, I'm a dude, that means I like monster trucks," but in the sense that certain archetypes have a gender to them; the lothario, the black widow, etc.
you never actually played blenderdick, did you?
please don't remind me that Eris was probably still in diapers when 9/11 happened, thanks.
Today's Mixed Up Teens.
>using Google+
Do you follow people on Google+?
I have found that I intensely dislike the "let's just game whenever people happen to be on" thing, so if we could schedule a session, that'd make it a lot more likely to happen.
uhhh.... tomorrow? i'm open every day but monday, ~10AM-10PM CST.
I really want to do that. A Case 53 who's just completely screwed because they're from a really different alternate Earth.
I had a concept for a C53 who came from another world and in her religion, the only way to get to the highest heaven is to die in battle (for men) or to die in childbirth (for women), ala the Aztecs. Except, being a C53, the latter possibility is no longer available.
Damn.
McAllen.
you... C&P the url?
dodge
brawl
memes in the Wormverse would have taken a totally divergent evolutionary path, so I don't think lolcats would be a thing.
there's a difference between funny pictures of cats and lolcats and you know it.
>giving
>implying
i'm saying, and don't take this as a personal attack, that you are the cancer.
moods
Oh?
Which one?
Oh, right.
No, ran away from home, triggered on the bus.
Teruzi is dead. I killed him.
pwned
We were all talking about you behind your back, that's "what's up."
the player's job is to get the plot moving by being proactive and causing problems for themselves and others.
What does your character want? What is the logical way for them to get what they want? Go do it.
Playing risky is its own reward.
Thalia you forget Wink has been killing people LONG before your characters trigger." Yeah. Off-screen. The worst place to kill people.
Not me.
...wait, are those my first on-screen kills?
If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.
Probably not. Owned.
wait until somebody runs one
if you call it a murderbox then panda will banish you until Mars is in retrograde or somesuch.
because he believes they are very easy and feels murderbox is an unfair appelation.
Because other people disagree with his appraisal of the difficulty of his one-shots.
I don't read his one-shots, generally, so I couldn't say.
You get like 1000 points and then it depends on the exact auction. Lately we've been trending towards flaws & perks in various amounts depending on your final point rank.
It's a button on your keyboard.
This thing still open, Pink? I'm only going to be up for a few more hours, though.
I don't. Regale me with the tale.
I need details of how you are a bad GM.
Bawk bawk.
Sounds like a failure of imagination, to me.
Yes, a failure of not creating a character deep enough to go on a murder spree.
Yeah, it's really unfair to tar all these characters with the same brush, just because they all ran around murdering a bunch of people.
I mean, for example, you have the guy who murdered people because they reminded him of the guy who made him trigger, or the girl who is going to murder people because they remind her of the guy who made her trigger. Very different.
you would sit in here and wait until someone starts a new campaign, which could take days, weeks, months, or years.
That's a pretty big assumption, Belaris.
I think there was Tampa, like, 1.5 million years ago. It's dead.
weaversdicetampa.wikidot.com
That reminds me: who has actually rolled up a Case 53 using the RAW? Because right now it's nigh-impossible, because you have, like, a 5% chance. On Cauldron capes, who are rarely generated anyway.
rules-as-written
mutant natural trigger isn't a Case 53.
A Case 53 has a Cauldron tattoo and a wiped memory.
Can you still do that?
she wouldn't have been a Case 53, though. Just a mutant. Unless you had Contessa show up to mindwipe and tattoo her, which would be really lame.
Wow, way to spoil for me that Killhand is a mutant.
I was kidding on the square.
#MotorCity
Right now, the mission is to ignore the Ward and do something that doesn't involve dealing with her.
Ten Minute Man
Yes.
I don't even know what your power is.
or whether you're a hero or villain
McGuyver
what's O.Z.M. a reference to?
Yeah, I can use google too. I assume it's not actually a reference to a stock.
the Capes in... oh, you weren't here. 
>buying down Guts
you fool
That is the thing that keeps your character alive. Enjoy dying, I guess.
Even in a one shot, not dying is important.
old one, iirc
Not anymore.
everybody but scraggy got tired of the insane levels of spite and mutual fuckery so now it's simplified and much less obnoxious.
He did one for Lausanne, yeah.
Vancouver's draft was epic because I got a lot of cool shit and then rolled Ruin and Disabled for my Life Flaws.
Nope.
Person with most points at the end got three-choose-two perks, I think, then down the line the less points you had.
I don't understand what was so bad about what he did that Anti had to nuke it? I mean, besides making all the capes being a chore.
so they run around town causing unspecified problems, sometimes showing up to fuck with players, sometimes just being handled by other parties.
affiliation is a common one, Thal.
let people bid negative points for the Ruin flaw.
>implying
-300 points to start with, bid up, person with the highest value (negatives < positives) gets it.
It would depend on the exact cape, but yeah, probably at least once.
It's not necessarily a trick she can spam since it'd be kiiiiind of suspicious.
secret info on other players
have an option that lets you submit npcs to the gm
control over the setting mang.
scg, you promise not to make me want to murder your face?" How can you be so cruel as to ask him that?
I am.
Yes.
Unless I go back to sleep before then, in which case no.
I'm going back over Mistral's sheet, is Baltimore reboot using the new rep? (i.e. no "appealing")
she can be appealing without a specific rep slider for it
i'd have to change how her rep auto-adjusts due to Presentation, though.
probably towards Trusted
is that just some song reference or an answer to my original question?
ask the protectorate lady for advice. whatshershit. barb. hazel is a terrible role model.
oh my god
Bramble's real name is Kenshin ("Ken"). his wife's cape name is Barb.
she's being retconned away. rip precious
that's the ooc reason
fuck i don't have hazel's age written on her sheet. she was... 21?
20?
definitely not
have you ever even looked at mistral's sheet though
i remember saying that she wasn't a good role model for paperdoll on account of being a high school dropout divorcee with a child at the ripe old age of 21 or something to that effect.
I stuck Age and Gender on her sheet. Happy?
here's a trick: use champions online and make your character in that, then take a screenshot and use that for your costume.
Oh, I've never played it, it's just made by cryptic and a superhero game so it's got really good character creator.
the only character who actually deserves the hatred that people reserve for Saint, Krouse, Teacher, Cody, et al, is Panacea.
she's neither weak-willed nor spineless. reread the chapter where she has Taylor at her mercy.
perhaps. they still deserve hatred.
yeah. how dare you do that to Precious. ;_;
RIP ugly dog
in Baltimore, PRT Director Ruby Jennings had a really ugly dog, named Precious. Baltimore is getting a reboot, and in the reboot, Olive is going to be playing the PRT Director and he's getting rid of Precious. ;_;
how can you not love this dog, you monster? 
No, it isn't, and it's really sad that you don't understand that.
@shem: my advice is to be proactive, take risks, and consider all your options before acting. Good luck.
That too.
No more Brawn melee is good. It completely wrecks the system whenever anybody with, say, a 6 Brawn exists and tries to punch somebody.
because dashy doesn't like words
Well, frankly, "never use your power directly on the person trying to kill you" is rarely a winning strategy.
<Nonagon>No more Brawn melee is good. It completely wrecks the system whenever anybody with, say, a 6 Brawn exists and tries to punch somebody.
There are a lot more characters with Brawn 6 than Dex 6. There's an entire category for them!
Winning is more fun.
lmao
@spelt: turns into a tentacle monster
it's effectively impossible to remove parahumans, and also politically impossible, and also a really bad idea because, you know, they still trigger and you can't get rid of the S9 or Nilbog or whoever the fuck else even with parahumans.
please tell me you plan on shanking him when he comes in for the kill and not going down like a punk like the skater hero
bunch of boohoo babies too scared to fight to the bitter end.
suicide is lame. being turned into a Bastardized minion and fucking up players from beyond the "grave" is cooler.
jeez. two Ath *and* two Social?
linebreaks are invisible in many clients, so it's easy to accidentally grab one and not notice.
oh, do you have that flaw that makes your power go off whenever you fail a Knowledge roll?
haha. perfect for the solely lethal power.
nat 1 i mean, yeah.
put a goal on your sheet: "Get a handle on power flaw."
Oh, Scrags, I fixed Mistral's sheet up and added Goals since I saw you asking other players for them: 
You asked... Mega and Vern? I don't think I was even on at that point.
It's interesting that Apocrypha encourages Thal to never, ever, think too hard about anything.
Stop thinking so hard. Join forces with Nachzehrer, she'll do all the thinking for you.
this is mine:  . curious what you think, Pink.
k
hah
here's the sheet, w/ an actual character: 
You did kil- goddammit.
which ordering bit in particular?
Hoping is different from expecting.
Yes.

heh. work.
Yes. That's why you can't make Brawn a to-hit roll.
Yes.
Me.
Akane (Vancouver), Social, it's fun.
No, that was someone else.
1 Soc is autism, 0 Soc is Black Kaze. She's a Ruin cape and some of the people she might kill are here, so I shouldn't say any more about her specifics.
I feel like, for any power that has ++Brawn, it should have other elements to enhance it and make it more interesting. ++Stat isn't very interesting in the first place, and the mechanical fallout can easily be absolutely insane and easy to miss. ++Brawn, ++Wits, ++Guts, and ++Know are probably not too bad, but ++Soc is stupid, and ++Dex and Ath do the same stupid shit ++Brawn does when it's to-hit.
Not you. Other people.
Sure. ++Brawn gives you a broader category of things you can do. ++Wits? Not so much. It just makes you stupid good at common things.
More important than a +bonus to Wits, they have enhanced senses in another way.
Like, Katie has X-Ray vision. You don't need to give her a Wits bonus to let her do that.
There are mechanical ways of representing durability other than Guts.
Guts doesn't actually make you immune or even particularly resistant to anything. You can still get taken down with bullets or whatever.
Just takes two more.
(Or however many.)
Fucking awful. Stop making fully general Social Thinkers.
I don't like it that much, as a player or a GM. It obscures. Like, the advantage of Tinker tables is that you don't have to worry about vetting stuff, etc, because you know what you can make. Same basic principle applies.
don't let panda hear that you said that, bel.
Turning yourself in is for suckers.
if only she had telekinesis that let her attack from behind.
the blood flows out of her, and goes around behind him, where it stabs him in the back while he's watching her shoot him with a gun.
don't join the cops. that's lame.
join me. together we can kill Coldhand.
And, bonus! My power will (eventually) make me immune to your power.
Actually, thinking about it, I don't know how your power-theme-rolling would interact with my power-adaptation. Does it all count as one?
@spelt: there's nothing in the write-up about only one at a time.
"Receiving damage from the same parahuman source enhances durability to that damage (reduces future attacks by one tier for each hit), can “consume” immunity to apply power to punches."
So, I'd be immune to her after she shanks me twice.
I'm also a Brute.
that's just my Trump aspect.
Hey, you don't know she's a parahuman.
You know what you need to do, Thal.
You don't need to know what her power is to stab her.
Pretend like somebody else is at fault.
And continue to be a cop.
That's because the psycho hemokinetic splattered you! Duh!
And try to join up with the vigilante who's plotting to take down Killhand. I hear she's strong and dangerous.
As far as you know, that's what I am.
You mean "better."
Maybe if you're a coward who loves crime, Mega.
It's straightforward. Crime is bad. Murdering criminals is good. Vigilantes ftw.
She doesn't want him to be alive, dude. He's a witness who knows she's got powers.
isn't empathy social?
going to guess: "Your powers aren’t controlled.  They’re always on, or they’re random, or they act with a mind of their own." ?
le me, le blowing myself up while on irc.
real science requires concentration and not texting on your phone.
Anyway, Spelt jumps to conclusions so quickly you'd think his power was rhetorical parkour." lol
nah, you had the right amount of zeal for what you expect out of players. I'm surprised you didn't murk Ace, honestly.
yes
it's slang
"murk. To physically beat someone so severely, they end up dying from their injuries."
scrags, anti, and ace lived. the others died.
fyf died
refused to defend himself, and wb was apparently super softballing him.
weren't there originally six?
do you want my sheet for Oakland? I've been sitting on it since, like, September.
yeah
he triggered a girl into becoming a changer/shaker, his power had that [good versus particular class] thing. he would've fucked up her shaker thing with his power, but he never actually used it on her.
because some clowns decided a) she must be a trump, and b) being a trump, she must automagically fuckpwn him if he ever used his power on her.
even if she was a trump, what trump power just pwns you for using your power on them, worse than getting smushed by a rock?
i'll answer my own question: none.
Eh. I always want to help but I'm never in the zone I'd be if it was actually me.
no
He was about to get smushed by a rock!!!
Things could not get worse! And he didn't use his power on her!
wb is much more constrained with handing out Trump powers than most people here.
yes.
the social thinker who's immune to Master/Stranger effects because his wife was a psycho murderer Tinker.
the lame-ass Trump powers tend to be heavy on the Trump, light on other stuff.
there's also... what's her shit, the cape groupie who got the power to mimic secondary powers.
yggdrasil and shem's fucked up cape in Flint both have gift powers.
they were genned using $used.
iirc.
we don't do that any more, praise the Lord.
people also have a bad tendency to make Trumps that are completely useless against non-parahumans.
gift powers aren't useless against non-paras. gift somebody power, have them beat up non-para.
Lausanne was a draft, Flint was a pseudo-draft.
neither had order.
Lausanne 2, the one where Shem died.
turn order isn't a good thing to put in a draft
generally, yes.
& there's no GM to go, "wait, this power is stupid," so they do that when you come to them with the cape, wanting to join their game.
even with a game, there's no guarantee you'll actually get to play the cape.
Me? Sometimes the game just dies before you ever get a session.
proth
schedule them in advance! that way I can get in the mood.
san josafat
san diego was apoc's.
me
_seen Dolyn
a while back
what's never been born can't die.
waiting on a sheet from dol
flint draft was less pvp than lausanne draft.
since it was blind bidding.
and you could only "buy" one thing.
as in everybody put in their bids and then the numbers got crunched behind the scenes.
(bidding via PM)
I feel like abusing OOC knowledge is bad sportsmanship, more than not abusing it is suboptimal play. If that makes sense.
the sky.
Story Telling Simpletons
Be that as it may.
...
commies would never call themselves facists.
in a million years.
jesus christ. i'm trying to transfer my characters to new style sheets, and skill descriptions are enormous and clog up sheets to an incredible degree. even trying to summarize doesn't work because the mechanics are so detailed there's not a lot to cut.
I wish gdocs had an option to turn off pages.
so that when I linked docs, they wouldn't be paged.
because i'm never going to print any of these things so why do they have to be paged.
Print Layout thing wasn't changeable, unless I turned on commenting for some godforsaken reason.
why would I be a time lord?
which ones?
mine?
@Niveis
@Niveis: my current blank sheet:  . actually filled in: 
I am not aware of any way to adjust the vertical length of a page, or I would have made the vertical length of the page a million inches so it wouldn't do what it does.
Where's the option?
Problem with pre-French Revolution is that you'd pretty much automatically and always get parahuman feudalism in the setting, which is kind of... meh.
Yes.
It happened because the planet got nuked by God.
dark ages, sengoku jidai, conquest of the Americas, etc, are going to be pretty much instant parahuman feudalism.
it renders the historical backdrop almost moot, because it might as well be a fantasy setting since Oda Nobunaga is going to be replaced by some random Thinker/Master, the samurai system is going to almost instantly collapse, etc.
interbellum would be most interesting. the road to ww2 had a lot of paths not taken and you could get good allohistorical stuff out of changing who does what where.
being a Simurgh bomb sounds like a win to me, frankly.
you're not even trying to make it sound like a bad thing.
how can t hat be you irl when it is me irl.
tubes disappeared in a puff of logic. rip.
Oh?
Can you give me the elevator pitch version of the concept or a link to the sheet?
guh
tease.
If you play the way that Fyf and Quan and Shem did in a bow game, expect to die.
Without imagination or creativity, is what I would say.
Yeah, Pink seems to be thinking of Tic Tac Toe.
I have to say I'm not really clear on the line between "play as a game" and "not do that" is, here. I feel like I'd argue against it if you explained it in depth, but I don't want to jump the gun.
Teller's words seems like nothing happened in the missing period. 
"[18:33:45] * Loaded log from Sun Jan  3 18:24:17 2016"
The map should be useful." so I figure it's probably nothing.
tubes disappeared in a puff of logic. rip.
any time in the next week, no Mondays.
10-10
CST
no, from today forward
kk
!search tanuki
I have some good news.
I never said I was going to tell you what the good news was.
Just that I had some.
Sometimes players can impress when you're QMing. I remember, one time they pulled some shit from months back that I'd forgotten about to get themselves out of a bad spot. But don't expect intelligence with any regularity, even on the most basic of issues.
no, for quests, not this.
WB and SCG both ran abortive quests on SB where players were PRT Department heads. They got really pissed because SB did a lot of stupid, unfun shit.
boring and dumb, two terrible tastes that taste bad together
i have no idea how anyone runs a quest on the SB/SV format, it would drive me insane.
reddit is even worse, wtf.
have you seen Reddit's formatting of comments? can you imagine how bad it would be? why would anyone ever run a quest there?
pwned
fucking Reddit
I say this without the faintest hint of irony:
My players on both are smarter than SB/SV.
Eh.
i do same speed on 4chan and anonkun
Well, that's understandable if you've never looked at Reddit.
It's fine for like... a discussion, I guess.
[said in the voice of someone agreeing to go to the dentist]
a normal discussion. of an image. not an actual discussion of something important.
or, god forbid, something with actual votes.
Like, let's imagine a quest run on Reddit. I'm going to be generous and use the best system I can think of, which is 1 thread/update. I put up an update. People write things in the comment boxes for their votes. People comment on the votes in replies to them.
Upvotes and downvotes make bandwagoning really easy, and in fact ensure it happens. Any discussion that's a response to somebody who gets downvote bandwagoned is completely obscured by Reddit's "hide comments" system. Comment trees hide lower popularity posts. Oh, plus, you can edit your post and it doesn't change your upvote/downvote score.
The end result is that a bunch of people who would not even put in the answer to write "Plan [Idiot #17]" and post it on, say, Spacebattles, will be making the decisions via bandwagoning.
i've run lots and lots quests, i've posted on reddit in communities i like well enough, i cannot imagine running a quest on reddit not making me commit seppuku in like, one update.
if you're not using the like system as a vote system then, frankly, it's even worse.
since you have to navigate reddit comment trees to /count votes/.
He knows in his heart of hearts that he wasn't zealous enough, and he should've killed two-thirds.
it's basically impossible to use meta knowledge here without leaving the city (and thus the campaign), anyway.
more people should do like bow. if you lose, you die.
then no worries about moving.
Hmm. Yes. Indeed.
player wouldn't have been playing them.
Yes, they died because they did stupid crap.
I really doubt it
aura?
bye
I'm not saying 'bow is unfair, just that there is a standard of behavior which seems more or less uniform across his games, and if you fall beneath it bad things happen very quickly and generally you die.
wb rarely gms
Join me, Thalia. Help me kill my boss and take over his gang. Together, we can rule Cleveland.
Well, you better go find it!
Ehhh. What's relevant will be relevant, in general.
oh fuck I totally forgot about Push/Pull powers. Thanks, whoever added that.
Definitely clicking that link.
You are.
I'm definitely cliking all of these links.
LA
is for horses
Anti, can I pick your brain real quick on: Over-Suggested Powers: "“some esoteric material”-kinesis" and "forcefields being projected"? Do you have specific problems with either, or is it /just/ over-suggestion? (Assuming that was you who added them.) I assume the former is because it's hyperbroad in application, and the latter is just oversuggestion, but I'm not 100% sure.
I'm sad that I didn't manage to kill Coldhand.
I was so close! I set things up so carefully!
Just one more round, and I bet I would have had him.
wtf. how can you be on their side.
Killhand just randomly murdered some dude.
Randomly manslaughtered a lot more dudes.
wtf. no i didn't.
I have never killed a noncombatant.
The best kind of true.
Fine. I have never killed a citizen. Better?
Here's a list of people I have killed: two DMH goons. Cops don't care about gangbangers getting killed, and that's the truth.
I want to take over and reform Silver Bullet.
how can you think I'm worse than these clowns. I mean, really.
The same is true of them.
Wow. Favoritism much? Coldhand gets a pass, but Redcap doesn't?
the personality of a corpse
I have never hurt anyone I did not intend to, unlike Coldhand and Lilith.
You seem to be.
He shot me! I went to talk to him, like a civilized person, and he shot me.
I was also talking to him like a civilized person in that situation when he shot me.
We can buddy up, Thal! Take the world by storm!
Oh, hey, SOMA, don't think I got an answer last time I saw you. You want to join my gang?
Loup-Garou, sure. I don't really have any reason to kill Mordred, though.
She wants to succeed.
Preroll out all the 2-100s.
I'm too smart to fall for your trap.
Believe it.
I was never in any real danger.
Nope.
You are vastly overestimating just how weak Nach is.
My only regret... is that I was too nice and didn't kill the doctor dude.
Truly, Nachzehrer is too nice for her own good.
But not a lot of tires!
You're just mad you didn't think of it.
I would have been completely screwed if you had gone to my car and slashed up MY tires.
Terry.
:|
fortunately they're about to enter a state of chaos so i'd still be fine
Regrets: bringing Delphi to Cleveland with me (she's useless and ID'd me as Silver Bullet); not killing the doctor.
Deny your enemies access to their resources.
I don't kill my allies, unlike SOMEONE I could mention.
I already pissed him off dude.
It's not denying myself resources, as I am not able to access the doctor, because I choked him out for info on Coldhand and he probably would shank me or something if I went to him for medical assistance.
didn't you shoot Jetstream on purpose
That sounds like a bitch way to go out.

You were weak.
just kill and eat your dad. Easy.
Antioch?
he said "if you're free Thursday evening after 7PM CST, I would be available to run you." and I confirmed I would be. which i suppose doesn't technically mean he will run me.
Roger.
It's fine. Just wondering if he forgot, or other stuff came up, or needed to do something with other players first, or what.
*does
If Coldhand dies of wounds do I, like, get the milestone?
I'm a new arrival whose power makes her immune to all other powers.
What does it sound like?
Yes, spelt, that's exactly how my power works.
E X A C T L Y
that's just a continuation of my previous post, not a response to your new one
I don't have to forgive you, actually.
you always complain about other people's powers being too strong, no matter what they are, so it's fun to exaggerate how strong mine is.
Wow, good job scaring off the newbie, Firlz.
That doesn't prove she's a parahuman. She could just really need a bath.
Yes.
Coldhand is Killhand's boyfriend.
This is now canon and nothing Saff can say to dissuade me.
...yes?
Cryopyro never got played, I don't think.
Stink lines.
I have both ears too.
Oh, you meant attached.
"Still, it hits you, tearing a chunk of flesh out of your cheek and an even bigger portion out of your ear."
If anyone could see it under my armor, sure.
I don't need your pity.
$roll 1d6+1
"Accidentally."
Thanks a lot, guys.
No, my guys apparently dropped me on my head or something when they were dropping me off at the hospital.
I guess I'm just a kinder and better person than you.
That was self defense.
I didn't even tell her to do that, she did that of her own initiative when I screamed bloody murder after Coldhand shot me.
*Coldhand
If they kill Coldhand because of this, do I get my milestone?!
On the upside, the hospital probably will believe that I'm not affiliated with the guys who did the dumping, because who would drop their boss/friend on their head?
Transform, kill, and eat them, not necessarily in that order.
Not only am I still alive, but I'm making a full recovery.
By that logic, I should date Coldhand.
I need to kill him to get the milestone.
Colder.
*good for business
goddamn. they literally gave me a concussion dropping me out of the side of a car.
$WDCleveland2
err
you know what I mean
I am at the hospital with you.
That is yet to be determined.
He's channeling Navi right now.
If you kill my boys while I'm in the hospital, I will add you to my kill list.
They're my boys.
It's called loyalty. Mayhaps you should look it up in the dictionary?
I am magnanimous in my capacity to forgive.
I would never toss one of my boys in a rend portal unless they actively betrayed me, as Coldhand did.
Why would I be an idiot to go to the hospital after being shot a dozen times?
I didn't actually kill anybody at Zoup.
and, it was, as I keep saying, self-defense, which is my right as an American citizen.
Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
Not by me.
Not even under my orders.
I'm blameless.
yess
Taco Bell ;_;
She's... not?
Nah, I'm fine.
*smart thing
a nice boss*
*when she's not tossing you into a rend portal
'tis a Christmas miracle.
kill yourself
"seach"
Wyrm.
"Not Right Writing" smdh
shaking my damn head. now i'm smdh at you not knowing that acronym.
too late, I already copied it down and sent it to a bunch of spam sites
did you change the size of the pages?
it looks fine now, yeah
I use Chrome.
Have they tried refreshing the page?
Wonder why no one would say hi to you. Hmm.
Brute, you turn into a truck.
Okay.
Wrecking ball Brute?
hospitals
Typical college student.
Victor steals skills.
Imp puts up mental blocks around memories.
or dementia
That's fanon.
Trigger event memories get removed by a shard, nothing says it's by Imp's shard (while it's attached to her???).
In every shard.
from what I heard, they're going to kill him to give to me as a present
le me, le Guts tanking everything
they're supposed to be asymmetrical. Withstand lets you deal with all attacks, but less effectively, Dodge lets you dodge one attack per turn, but completely.
i'm going to power buff you into the ground
weird, could've sworn dodge was 1/turn
it's just bigger swinginess
if you fail you're supposed to be staggered in addition to normal danger
WHAT WERE REGENT AND IMP DOING THERE
most humans have that perk
I was just applying it earlier.
$trigger 9
$claim 9 Earth He [Isaac]
this is the telepathy power, right?
Thinker .9/Stranger .1, or just Thinker 1?
$thinker 0.9
yeah
Hopefully will have fewer issues with mixed powers distorting the rankings one way or another.
$thinker 0.1
If you were making Tomoko from No Matter How I Look At It, It's You Guys' Fault I'm Not Popular as a Ward, what skills would you give her?
i just said who
WataMote
just that archetype. figured out a power already.
Vindictae is the bounce back with a vengeance life perk
uhhh. maybe? Sure.
I'll probably sleep in 1-2 hours.
we were just discussing how much he wanted to get rid of the Dead Man's Hands, too. RIP.
who was it that walked in front of a bullet in the hopes of second triggering?
No, not that time.
ghost waifu
he succeeded and she became echidna ghost waifu or somesuch
it's also really lame to do so
Wow, suggesting people in Wormverse don't think about parahumans every day? Ridiculous.
1984 TV series.
what is even homecoming
theme is: our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
Ninja versus Samurai. Wuxia. Spy movies. Frankenstein. Sexy werewolves. Police detectives. Maggie Holt. Some stupid pop idol group.
not-Sailor Moon
wait. fuck.
there's not going to be like, any manga or anime, and china can't even fill in for them.
it got shat on
that's different from Japan though
less institutional capacity to produce cultural product
also kyushu isn't most of japan
King Arthur!
(for homecoming themes)
Japan is made up of four main islands. Hokkaido, Kyushu, and the other two in the middle. Kyushu is the southernmost of the main islands, and has like 11 million people living on it (of something like 100m total Japanese population)
13m
of 127m.
i don't really get how you can sink Kyushu. it's like, 100% mountains.
I was trying to make a Worm map and then I tried to figure out what parts of Kyushu would be sunk and which wouldn't and thus I figured he just destroyed everything and killed everybody and ruined all the land with saltwater and that you can actually go to the depopulated ruins of the island, just very few people live there.
whether or not land is submerged by water is heavily determined by overall sea levels
"half-sunken" Kyushu is what it's called in Worm, afaict
some japanese myth, to show our new immigrants how Tolerant and Accepting we are
oh shit, Japanese high school theme.
could even get dumb, recursive and meta and have it be Japanese high school cultural festival theme
Need a name for a cape. Hero, Protectorate. Touch-range power, absorbs incoming energy attacks, and has a touch-range burning-hot heat "aura" she can use as a reflexive defense, causing pain and injury to those who touch her, setting weapons alight, etc.
Female.
Calescent's good.
I /can/.

You can go anywhere with a gun.
In some places it is illegal.
There's a scene in GTA4 where a guy jumps up and shoots a bank robber with his CC handgun.
*the government will
You're right. They make stupid, short-sighted decisions because they're incapable of restraint and then when those decisions crash the global economy they get to be rewarded for their malpractice.
can think of a couple which touched on similar themes, but not quite this way.
I guess Graft Man, from Lausanne.
sure
that would be Tinker
i'm pretty sure we have plenty of shithead asshole triggers
though they are fun to write
They'll live, soulpelt. Have a little faith.
Charge time on his power, maybe?
he shoulda made one up
Was it worth it?
get a boston marriage
whatever the equivalent of a boston marriage is for dudes
bonding over failed homicide. so beautiful.
What WD player has never experienced trying and failing to kill someone?
Oh. Uhhh. Sure, I guess.
If he really loves you, he'll accept you as you are.
game on sunday
(I have a game on Sunday.)
45m from now?
$roll 1d22
you sit around, hoping and praying a game opens up.
That too.
Same problem here. My recommendation is to physically look at what you are writing.

@onitan
I'm good to go.
#WDCleveland2 , right?
it shows how accepting they are of Japanese culture
Mmm hahaha.
You make a persuasive argument.
(But no.)
the mods are so good at their jobs it is incredible
one of the janitors is a parahuman and all the students are his buds.
4 points in Finesse and 2 points in Martial Arts.
imo.
I'm saying Finesse 4/MA 2 is way better than MA4, because you get a +3 total to shanking dudes, versus +1.
here's the justification: i love to have high skills
is this figaro
pretty sure most GM's are just going to nope that" ICly! I ICly love to have high skills!
Cody is cool though.
should've called it laugs. shit.
he can be mishie's bf.
yes
No.
I had to make a dodge check while investigating Dr. Tamaya's office.
No, completely different doctor.
(Said sarcastically.)
how many doctors do you think I know
Oh, yeah, I did that. He said he was going to bring like fifty burly guys to Cleveland to kill Coldhand and Killhand.
you laid a trap which got two of my boys killed. if you hadn't been there, I could've killed Coldhand.
Blood cries out for blood.
[said in the voice of a big baby]
What if I slash all your cars' tires again? What will you do then?
What if I become immune to the thermite? What will you do then?
yeah, 'cause your an expert on how my character's power works.
He wants Coldhand and Killhand dead, and he's willing to pay $50k a piece for their corpses. You don't know this IC.
it's worth exactly as much as Coldhand's so I wouldn't be too pleased.
who jj this is
I definitely want to fuck with him.
I definitely do.
Soulpelt, your ability to estimate the relative threat levels of different capes is proven to be wildly inaccurate constantly and prone to thinking every single cape is some Mishie-S-Class trash.
there's no Seduction skill
it's called Subterfuge, and I've taken it on a bunch of characters
I can't believe my mercy to the doctor was repaid like this.
I mean, all I did was grab his throat for a few seconds. Is that really worth setting a bomb on my ass?
I could've snapped his neck like a twig. This is just incentivizing bad behavior.
oh boo fucking hoo
A neutral doctor who works on criminals. Right.
Uh, I can think of at least one other doctor who works on villains.
rip
$roll 1d6 4+ controls herself
it would make me look real good if you guys mailed Coldhand's head up to Columbus. Just saiyin.
But srsly, killing JJ would put you on SO MANY shit lists" Am I supposed to care?
I'm currently PvPing and SOME people seem to be constitutionally incapable of not metagaming, so not really.
trump/brute
dunno if the Coldhand x Nachzehrer fight is up but that's got me using my power.
also Nach is 4'6" and 71lbs.
no, somecrazyguy, I didn't see you at all, that's why I'm the person who C&Ped the logs into that pastebin for onitan.
i can't give good tactical critique. i only get in the zone when it's actually me.
you may have won... but at what cost???
Listen to the Simurgh. Listen and believe. Perhaps she'll even heal your stupid giant eyeball mutation.
i'm not a tinker
Anyway, I'm married.
Mega is the Breaker who becomes completely invulnerable, Dolyn is the illusion-grenade Shaker.
dol and onitan are independent, but they're a little young for you, I think.
6 hours, 7 hours, 8 hours...
*every second of every day
he becomes literally invulnerable so he could just go Breaker and like, strangle you for killing me.
Look. Let's all agree that, for the sake of the game, we'll only PvP if we get Simurgh bomb'd.
$npc
I would only fuck with you if I was PvPing you
and then I would relentlessly fuck with you
Nah, mang.
I have a quite strong perceptive Thinker power, and my husband turns into an invulnerable Breaker, so, I think I'd be good to fuck your shit up if I wanted to.
it says invulnerable on his sheet
i ain't saying it'd be easy, but hell, what is in life?
napoleon died in exile though
run away, sneak attack him while he's not in Breaker
Oh, no.
-1 to stats
Then you come in while he's bedridden and shoot him in the head.
Welcome to a small town named Shafter. *whipcrack*
"I don't get out of bed in the morning for $2k." - SCG
What's the preferred take on role-playing, guys? 1st person or 3rd?" generally personal preference, sometimes the GM likes it one way or the other. I prefer 3rd, helps keep the character from completely becoming a cipher.
Did you do anything to try to deal with the Stranger?
wayfarer
well at least he was doing something
the trigger specified they had to amputate 1 arm, two fingers on the other, one eye, and both legs, but Pink fiddled with it a bit to make it fit the campaign. it's really bad though.
there's no point in knocking girls up in Worm since the world's gonna end in like a year or two.
it was in the interlude where CRusader Purity & Theo are at the college dude's office, iirc.
“I… I don’t really know.  It’s supposed to be ten times easier to get powers if you’re second generation.  But we don’t have research on third generations yet.  It’s only pretty recently that we had the first third-generation cape on record.  The baby in Toronto.”
you're doing a really good impression of that kind of casual callousness teenagers are so capable of
you should have
ahahahaha
fuck that's so perfect lmfao
"Why isn't my date doing anything?!"
"Oh, right. The triple amputee thing."
You have a fake date with Danny and a real date with some sexy jock.
Ruthless.
But yeah, Brittney is hotter than Katie, p sure.
Say that you'll be queen to his king, then "happen to meet" your actual boyfriend and dance with him and trigger.
And Brittney can live without... what? What do you think you're denying her exactly?
"Owned, stupid bimbo! You can't have a big fundraiser on my behalf!"
Catty.
that'd be an epic trigger
The Death Boner
nah, it would actually be stupid
there are actual things that are stupid
he's a teenage boy, he just wants to pretend like he had sex with you.
pwned.
the social maladapts get socially clowned on by the hot popular girl. crazy.
Because we're proud Americans. o7 o7 o7
blaster with mild Thinker sub-power that lets him ricochet once without penalty: blaster 1, or Blaster .9/Thinker .1?
$claim 61 Panda's Game [Luminifera]
$blaster 1
you can have .5s now, yeah.
I was just claiming your trigger, makes me put in your name.
"That shit gives bonuses" *said whilst wolfing down cockroaches because the GM has declared doing so will give you XP*
players are born XP whores
It does now, with Milestones.
it's not in the rulebook. owned.

Only half?
unless it's from Nintendo there's basically 0 reason to play a reboot because it won't be any good.
you're jealous that they're remembered 6+ centuries after their death while you are just some schlub in college
famous like that guy whose name I can't remember.
what tubes said
then why did they start a fight with a dude with like fifteen robots armed with swords
Not for long.
I would be worried that his big gang of robots would get lucky and kill one of us before we could shout 'parlay!' or whatever.
rematches are great though, because now you know all their weaknesses and the particulars of their powers. *glances at Snow*
nice metagaming
this isn't a rivalry. this is me trying to murder your buddy.
I guess we'd be rivals if you were also trying to murder Coldhand.
Nemeses. Except I'm actually Coldhand's nemesis, you're just his sidekick.
Once I get done with Coldhand I'm probably going after JJ.
Some fucker.
Jiangjun?
him or Loup-Garou.
you're not even in my top three
You're not really on my shitlist. I guess your ambush fucked me up and I would've killed Coldhand otherwise, but eh.
After the scene with that Borgota cape with the piano mask, I added 'Hates people who laugh at their own, unfunny jokes' to my character sheet, then JJ wrote a note composed of this: 'HAHAHA JK YOU CANT - JJ'
I don't know who JJ is.
some Stranger, methinks.
(ICly. OOC some people said Thinker.)
You left right before I posted about how great rematches are because you know all about the particulars of their power and can fight them that much more effectively.

they're going to decapitate him and send his head to me.
with an apology for causing me so much trouble.
I would prefer his whole body, but maybe TGK will give me $25k for the head?
TGK offered me $50k a pop for you and Killhand's corpses.
I think I know who I've talked to.
hey man, ask him. well, don't, because IC this is hush-hush.
rip Coldhand
"roll really well" isn't a plan.
Why do you want me to tear Coldhand's head off, I think is the main thrust.
Which is, ultimately, a question that answers itself, I think.
Do I get the milestone if he dies of complications from me beating on him?
You're the only one.
Coldhand's one of my goals, I think.
since my trigger event literally says he made me trigger and I hate him and all
Anti never got back to me on specifics
that's metagaming
you are literally the only person in all of Cleveland who would rather the DMH than Silver Bullets, as far as I can tell.
DMH: "Let's all be fucktards together and murder a bunch of people." Nachzehrer: *meaningful villainy*
I'm immune to all harm.
That just makes me angrier.
@anti
i would just physically assault you
All my villainy is very meaningful.
Sell them out to me!
roll good on Guts
lol at dame being interpreted the same as dank
!quote damn
Oh, by the way Anti, you said yesterday that you "appreciate the quality of RP writing the most from Saff and Non, though for different reasons". I'm curious what you like about mine.
his plan is just to roll well to not die
Oh God.
You're going to kidnap TGK, aren't you?
@pink: kinda got a headache today, sorry.
"Yeah, I love the NPCs, okay?" *throws Terry in a rend portal*
Yes, soulpelt. You are a terrible player.
Coldhand.
No wonder your shard is so pissy when you got superpowers and decided to become a beat cop.
operative word being was, I suppose.
steal?
what kind of petty nonsense is this? you kill them.
You kill them and take their money.
Hard to make them cry posthumously.
btw, Saff, did you hear about the vigilante who is after Killhand ICly yet?
darn.
this was way before that
killed two DMH guys and left a note saying they were coming after Killhand.
Murder, hobo, therefore murderhobo.
yeah but you don't know that IC
I have a feeling that won't happen.
yes, why not use the uncontrollable murder machine that randomly goes homicidal every time she thinks hard enough.
did anyone besides shem have an opinion on those triggers i posted?
adrian schoolcraft is basically #4 except the burning down the house.
it's definitely illegal
lie and say he burnt down his own house and that's why you're declaring him mentally unwell and needing to be sent to this hospital (from whence he shall ne'er return)
Everything.
Soulpelt and I agreed that he would kill you and mail your corpse to me.
Can you believe he agreed to it for only 10% of the proceeds from TGK? Crazy, I know.
Oh God.
are you seriously going to try to go out in a blaze of glory
if he's in a medically induced coma, what do his plans matter
Nah, I'm good with just killing you.
If you were, like, Delphi or Wink or somebody, maybe I would want you conscious, but your power is basically designed to prevent me from torturing you so.
@Teller: "Schoolcraft turned on two tape recorders before the officers entered, and the subsequent interaction was recorded. About twelve high-ranking officers were present. [...] Schoolcraft was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward in Jamaica Hospital Medical Center."
Siberian.
nah, nah, I cut that bit for the edit.
Yes, that is exactly how my power works.
You're factually wrong on many levels, and some of them should be obvious even just reading the logs of the fight.
It's Not My Job To Educate You
He's not really on my shitlist IC or OOC. It's just that he always spazzes out about other people's powers so it's fun to push his buttons.
no, he's on my tease list ooc
it's like when Mishie talks about that PRT game where he betrayed the team
Most of us are mature adults and so don't ignore people.
Misc is 0% done?
lol
also should probably clarify that old rulebook is no longer quite up to date, and up to date is now "use the revision where they conflict, old where the revision doesn't have stuff"
Oh, the Cauldron spreadsheet is the old one.
no, just yours
Oh, Snow, I'm pretty sure soulpelt has me on ignore, so could you please say something to the effect of "Oh, so /that's/ how your power works!"?
the worst
It's me.
Pfft. She's already stuck in the hospital.
she's going to escape for about five minutes before the PRT nails her to the wall
prothean's a girl?
oh, beholder.
there are definitely more than three
good thing everyone here is always on and thus ready to respond to your questioning
that's at least four
foyad is the name of the bot
It is more than three. As such, you were wrong, and I was right.
if we're counting ded there's also eris and niveis
what kind of girl would choose the handle 'tricky'?
but are you a female one or a male one?
anyway. I didn't see your graffiti at all Saff.
the world is a cruel place and sometimes you get pinged for no reason.
[said in the voice of the IJN after Pearl Harbor discussing relations with the USA]
he was talking about how you're a girl
(I suspect there is another Lex in #parahumans, which some people insist on calling "main" even though this is clearly main.)
Brittney is such a good person
I really want to post "It's cool how you're able to roleplay someone so unlike yourself." but, I'm worried it'd come off as too mean.
holy crap snow is spelt
It all makes sense now.
soulpelt always says hi nerds/night nerds/etc
I care not for truth in this matter. What matters is truthiness.
actually, I am a normal person.
obviously guts
I'm also glad that TGK is alive. That means getting that $50k for Coldhand's corpse is still on the table.
he's an IRL player's character
I beat the shit of him and now he's in a medically induced coma and on the verge of death, apparently.
Not luck. Skill.
In what?
Well, one of my goals /is/ taking down three villains or one mega-villain.
Be that as it may,
Yeah, he's a mega-villain.
That was self-defense, which is his right as an American citizen.
oh wait it's in Europe. Is Lausanne the sort of totalitarian hellhole where you're not allowed to defend yourself?
What crimes has he committed, besides the crimes he has committed.
defending myself from the decapitated skull in front of me
the sensible attempted murderer.

let's kill him
Just die of complications already so I can get my damn milestone!
roger
she'd break your pelvis, for one
>tfw you realize something you should've tried way, way too late.
Snow: Withstand ftw!
$roll 1d6+1
Brawl? Athletics?
*Brawn
Wink has seen a lot in his time. But can he see why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
In Earth Bet, the rabbit finally got his Trix, on June 19, 2013.
shouldn't it be Words*3?
no, if it we were going to interpret it that way, it would be w*o*r*d*s*w*o*r*d*s*w*o*r*d*s.
lol at "you numbskull"
which would be written (words)^3
it shows up pretty quick but otoh I basically never look at the online list and pay no attention to greyed out names
You were friends with Coldhand. The worst crime.
You firebombed a police station, you numbskull.
Can't believe you killed one of your boys like that.
I wouldn't do my own boys like that.
It's called 'loyalty'. *said in the voice of someone plotting to murder their boss and steal his job*
Cool in the sense that they're dead, and cold, because you killed them.
And hey. You were right.
Zoup is closed. Permanently.
Join my gang.
Don't do anything or think about anything until we drive up to Columbus so I can introduce you to my boss.
Then play trivial pursuit with him.
I do. That's why I want to introduce him to Redcap.
Hey all, adult human male here, I'm being hit on by a female. I think I will kill her.
Comatose Coldhand is a really good mood-setter, imo.
Coldhand's 18?
Oh, good. Was going to feel bad for a second, but not really.
His amazing plan is to concentrate really hard and overcome his medically induced coma.
I beat him to death.
Good thing you waited in the basement to help him out because you REALLY wanted to spring your stupid trap on me.
It was daytime?
I was sure it was night.
I probably would've done a few things differently if I'd realized it was day.
I don't know how your powers work IC, and I didn't know how they work OOC until just now.
That's good, since I'm trying to kill your teammate and may end up killing you as well.
Remember when I beat the shit out of Coldhand and slashed up the tires on all your cars? Good times.
slashing up your tires was a good plan, I'm proud of it.
I had 1s too.
Sure, what game?
Okay, roll $used then?
which one?
Tinker, Thinker, maybe some kind of Stranger/Shaker elements.
I was thinking more like 'haunting' Tinker.
there's ghosts in supers2016, right?
tinker with a ghost specialty. ghost detection, summoning, creation, application, use as batteries, etc. bam.
everybody loves to troll spelt, including the dicebots.
anyway. make sure vulstag's cool with ghost tinker and then roll luck
luck 6 is the one that doesn't ensure 2 lucks
Athletics is endurance.
nope.
All according to keikaku.
100%.
machines use ghosts as batteries, cycle through different energy types to get different effects.
Too many, and not often enough.
rip flint
replace "edit" at the end with "mobilebasic" and it loads 1000x faster.
yeah, it should be in the newbies doc or w/e, in the topic
"PETER: oh? where you at" The thirst is real.
dl hexchat
The Murderess With Impeccable Texting Grammar.
le me, le carefully spelling every word and hitting the period key and figuring out htf to capitalize 'i' in the middle of a sentence on my phone's 12 keys.
all my texts are like 'Yes.' 'Okay.' 'No, sorry.'
sometimes I drop a period
knife, kitchen, Professor Nonagon
Peter is really goddamn thirsty.
Gun, gun, picture of Antioch.
The meaning is clear nonetheless.
Also, is there really only one gun emoji? In America?
what if you get a booster pack
"My ancestors spent millennia carefully crafting a system by which they could encode the full breadth of their thoughts in the form of small characters called letters. Instead of using these, I shall return to caveman methodologies." - Antioch
oops! it's a crush video! roll dat d6
Spelt is a big babby.
except it's an irc rpg
And just think: soon, Wink will be dead, and all that will be mine.
Skeletor
John B. Skellington
Presumably inside some meat dude's body.
don't think so.
"knowing that you were the one who caused the familial structure to devolve to this state" awkward phrasing. otherwise fine.
I don't think that's how a middle schooler wise in the ways of the world would phrase it.
the second comma is unnecessary, i believe grammatically incorrect, and disrupts flow
you're definitely supposed to pause for commas, yes
that emoji is facing the wrong way. you mean >:(
it looks like a mildly frustrated muppet
li'l half-breath, I'd say

Players are the only real people.
Hi back, I'm dad.
well apparently they just feel free to divulge private client information to the PRT based on Browbeat, so...
You could call it a... slow week.
what do you call the kind of face, like a dog or a lizard or whatever, where it has a pronounced snout/jaw/etc?
snout works
Was thinking it had a different definition than it does, googled canine anatomy & such to try to find the technical word.
rip to that case 53

rip to whoever had the high schooler gang
Yael is going to mess up Dale's character in Flint, it looks like.
do at what?
Perhaps she doesn't need one, but maybe she wants one.

He's not wrong.
I already did that.
I met you, though.
Better.
anyway. yea/nay on the four triggers? we're just six off from an even hundred
$used 364
'bow
I started writing the deer one and I was stuck at the second sentence for so long.
I was imagining worse, honestly.
i missed everything after saff said she was 5'2"
I like it, Anti.
it's air-permeable
59
you can't get a heart attack from being foamed
also tazing is really painful
"What's your cape name?" "Steve."
that way her head on a spike would have actual meaning" >implying
enver gotxha
afaict Dol isn't even in #WDPortland
she's the illusion grenade
she throws grenades that produce illusions, or somesuch
In particular, it doesn't work here because the session is actually in #WD_Lausanne2
I'm watching it right now, so *shrug*
does the new rulebook have skills in it" 
somebody muted wb in the normal one
Pretty sure it distorts rolls for a given player.
I don't like that it's completely hidden and inaccessible to anyone but bow leading me to worry that it'll get left on during some other game without anyone realizing.
wrong chat
24 out of Dol's 41 rolls are <4, by my count.
before
Let whom die. Let us all kill it by refusing to use it.
Looks like you were the only one.
She hasn't even killed you yet. Don't be such a wuss.
It is only when you give up that death becomes truly inevitable.
Or when you die.
rip dolyn
Secretly?
probably best to wait for the game to end - taking it to #Gamedesign always results in like, 1-3 people participating.
man, what is even your statline. 2 dex, 2 brawn, 4 wits?
Should've pumped Soc or Ath or something, jeez. Not Wits.
that's exactly why you shouldn't have pumped Wits!
Hmm. Sounds like a really good offer. You should definitely take her up on it without asking any questions.
lol dol
I thought your character had high Wits?
somebody muted bow in #WD_Lausanne
#WD_Lausanne2
nobody has full logs but bow and Dol

Worst case scenario, it's the police, in a fight with your mother, the secret villain.
Call your dad. ;)
Oh, it is your dad.
only thing worse than a player coming up with a retarded plan and rolling a bunch of 6s is a player coming up with a good plan and rolling a bunch of 1s.
Interesting autocorrect.
oh jesus
and you've got anti to be your friend, too.
maybe you can exercise. fatty.
It's clearly not enough exercise for your belly.
I'd guess that her power decided it liked whatever she was doing and decided not to kill her.
Realtalk: if 'bow had felt your plans were horrible, I've little doubt that you would be pushing up daisies right now.
No one has died yet, incredibly.
I wrote something a little while ago, but apparently I just lost it. Basically, though, they're standard "make good decisions" things: actually think, reconsider assumptions, look at all your options, don't go for the most obvious option but consider both the obvious and inobvious options, weigh all options up, don't mentally commit to an option until you've genuinely compared it to the alternatives.
It was a pretty good plan, too bad you had crap Ath and crap Dex.
definitely missed opportunity to leave a giant dragon in your wake to scare the shit out of the baddies
it loses the effect when it's obviously fake
pile of doggy doo doo
[said while willingly stepping on a bear trap] "We live in an age of tetanus shots and clean medic-aaargh!"
oh-nee-tan.
do it now
make a shitty half-sheet and finish it when you're more awake
I don't see why you would bother emoting a yawn here.
I'll do that next time.
Yes, scrags. As I recall I posted partial logs for you.
would there be lots of implied molestation if she was playing a male character?
Ah, yes, perhaps Crane is very sane right now, and will continue to be until the Simurgh starts her scream in... about three days' time.
She is training Dol's Lausanne character.
so you were traitorous rebels to the rightful rulers of the galaxy?
yeah
No you aren't.
It wouldn't be.
It would be convenient for you if we killed each other, and convenient is the opposite of interesting.
I'm busy this afternoon.
I'm busy on Sundays and Fridays, otherwise free.
you were fine in that one shot
sure
Hi, a shy noob. I'm Dad.
man, there's a bunch of missing spaces in that one
stranger elements
tinker
crocodile changer
yeah, and then you got fucked up and triggered
really not seeing much blaster
which is brute or changer
"Wow, it sure sucks that I'm incredibly ugly."
that'd be Thinker, if anything.
moping about past mistakes is Thinker, not Blaster.
see: Tattletale.
even the bar fight would've been brute/striker.
Crocodile Changer.
was thinking alternate form with crocodile features, but sure.
It was changed to what tubes said.
Oh, hmm. I actually can't find that rule in the new rulebook.
might could no longer be the case.
Well, I guess it's under the "character sheet" section but I'm pretty sure that's stopgap. In Knowledge, it discusses how many skill points you get, skill maxes, etc, but doesn't say you have [Know] maximum known skills at start.
I guess it depends on how synergistic skills are.
there's... what are the big synergies? MA/[Melee skill], A/B/G, and...?
I don't think so. See if... Gunder, Coldgold, or Anti, maybe, would put you on their waiting lists?
Can you conjure up a police car with a fake officer inside?
stationary police car
and stationary officer
I am, and onitan, Lexicon, and Lightningsteps. As well as Mega and Dol.
it's ridtom
pretty sure it's an American Aberdeen.
sometimes. not always.
e.g. Aberdeen, Washington. Aberdeen, Maryland. Aberdeen, South Dakota.
You got a Thinker power and it didn't help your grades at all.
"for some reason"
!search numbskull
i'm already in #WormBaltimore you clown.
Master, loss of a single person, as well as pervasive isolation that this is just the last straw on. Changer minor, possibly tied to the body issues.
One of the big issues that tends to happen with triggers is that people come up with categories, then they just try to make a power that fits all the categories, rather than a power that fits across categories but (more importantly) "rhymes" with the trigger itself.
maybe shades of Tinker, if it's not a straight off the bat trigger.
Hmm. Flesh-sculpting Master? Mild regeneration/putty flesh, can remove parts of own body to shape them into loyal homonculi?
We had a trigger in that vein a while back, wound up going with a Breaker/Stranger-esque thing where a monstrous alternate state was hidden beneath an illusory normal one.
I feel like it works better as using your own flesh, with the trigger. It means there's something 'wrong' with your body (it's made of goop you reshape into minions), but it's not immediately noticeable to others.
It is a Master trigger, primarily.
turn into a moose who can talk to moose is a meme about Earth-Resh.
Right. Hmm. My issue with the 'fragile shell' is... it doesn't feel quite right? Like, to get the same rough effect, you could go with monstrous Breaker state, any substantial damage or even stress forces a Guts check to not immediately swap to Breaker.
(or, you know, since it's a story, just willpowering through it)
people-controlling suckers
I'd go for Regent-style body control while still in contact, really. Striker total control is a strong power, not really a secondary power to an already strong power like turn into a kraken.
charm person is stronger than regent body control.
I think tentacles come up a lot, might want to go with a different monstrous form.
am i the only person in the world with normal parents
too bad he doesn't realize bow answered an or question with a yes.
Apology not accepted.
there's 49 employees of Dept. 64 besides the various managers and the squaddies.
and one of the managers is in Information.
either one is true, or both is true. most or questions are not intended as xor.
pink was saying that berlin is 'open'
Joining Pink's team is like stealing candy from a baby.
should she actually trigger?
lol
Tonight works for me.
saff is unkill!
Saff is rekill!
owned
(I think Vern wants you to $trigger for Berlin.)
Hmm. That cut on the first line is weird.
Anyway. Striker, maybe shades of Breaker from the 'barely clinging to consciousness' bit.
My idea would be Striker (Mover/Breaker minor). Imbues melee weapon with a 'sapping' effect, hits cause weakness, disorientation, and build up a charge. Charge can be spent on self, causing brief periods of rapid, swerving movement, pseudo-teleport but have to pass through intervening space. Maybe able to hit people on the way by, at a penalty?
tie it into the striker power, bit more interesting in play, means you could also have charges spent to reflexively dodge attacks.
could just have S-shaped 'blink' and disorienting strikes, though.
Drugged (disorientation, movement power that doesn't work on a straight line), being cut into (Striker power), presumably doesn't want to be there (mover).
Berlin.
My thought was the charge was 'kept in' and 'expended by' the body, to be clear. You hit, you sap, you get a charge, if your weapon gets knocked out of your hand or whatever, you can still do your S-blinks.
Could do a claw strike deal, instead. Get sort of [elemental-SFX] claws on fingers, they do the sap/disorient thing, instead.
would say... wispy, sky blue smoke SFX on the claws, similar SFX in the 'trail' of the S-blink that lasts a fraction of a second.
Vern? It's your game - your thoughts?
Will you deputize someone to roll luck or prefer to do it yourself?
"Claw" Striker, generates short (~2") claws, made of wispy sky blue smoke, that emerge from fingers. In addition to normal damage, they sap and disorient targets, and build up a charge. Charge can be spent to make a pseudo-teleport, rushing along an S-shaped route in a fraction of a second - and is able to make claw strikes along route, at a penalty. Can be invoked reflexively on being hit, and leaves a brief trail of wispy smoke in wake.
change "charge can be spent" to "each charge can be spent," actually.
Nor did I specify how much it saps, or disorients, or what kind of damage it deals (lesser cut? moderate?). Figured that Vern would want to decide that, I feel like we have differing opinions on the sweet spot of PC power levels.
yeah, does depend on campaign, and it's vern's campaign, soooo
oni is the one calling himself windy
[x] rude [ ] same [x] true
Yep.
$roll 1d6+1
she only does it when it's involuntary
Oh, you're right, I should join the Cleveland Protectorate.
$roll 1d6+1
guh
I have Envy.
the borgata offered me an alliance, actually.
I'm really good at making friends.
How to win friends and influence people: beat the everloving shit out of Coldhand.
$roll 2d6 (+1 each)
Wow, when I said to punch me, I meant once, not four plus times.
Except that's Coldhand's trigger event, not mine.
Oh, it is? Hahaha.
I don't think he's told anyone but me.
I should mention, after encountering Guzhang, I put down on my sheet "hates people who laugh at their own, unfunny, jokes."
There's only one way to know for sure: make her punch me again.
$roll 1d6+1
Ah, yes, you're a real humanitarian.
The Most Illegal Move In Drug Sales
I'm a Trump who is completely immune to all damage from any parahumans, as I have told Soulpelt time and again.
you mean rows
R-Click the table, hit "Add 1 row below" or w/e.
(I am not actually completely immune to parahuman powers, I just overexaggerate how good my power is to tweak spelt's nose a bit.)
_seen lostavocado
$roll 1d6+1
you /could/ do chance encounters as just a thing when player B happens to be online while player A is having his session
$roll 1d8
_seen panth
Wait, Baltimore is actually shaped like a giant rectangle, that's not just you oversimplifying the map? Whoa.
oh my god, please tell me coldhand did something insanely stupid and i can go murder him now.
darn
oh god, you know what'd be great? if instead of showing up for the meeting, I called the Protectorate and told them Killhand would be at such and such an address at such and such a time.
0% chance.
Nope.
You need to roll luck for your Berlin power, by the way.
top notch work
what trigger # was it?
nvm, found it
$trigger 56
also, tells, the way it cuts off on the first line there is weird.
Anyway. I'd say, 'totem' is something along the lines of the wrist cuffs or whatever that you were tied up with. Wispy smoke claws emerge from them and extend around your whole hand, without them they fuck up or w/e.
yeah, bracelet type deal.
$claim 56 Berlin [Saff]
Striker 0.6/Mover 0.4?
$striker .6
$mover .4

Oh, I'm alive.
sapping/disorienting claws and s-shaped blink
I don't think so.
She has claws in Cleveland, but also, like, the rend portal thing and no Mover powers afaik.
I think he means possible recruits for PRT.
use $used
changer, thinker, stranger.
alternate shape Changer, becomes a giant caterpillar.
was thinking of the "circled any parts of your body that jiggled" bit
caterpillars are segmented
I don't really know where to go from there, honestly. Fangs that inject a venom that causes vivid hallucinations of their worst moments? "Evolving" alternate form, where if she's given time she can swap from caterpillar to 'butterfly' form by weaving a cocoon around herself (has to redo each time she swaps back)?
Butterfly sprays the ooze around with its wings.
trigger is, uh, $used 270.
they do but... too many can be too much, you know? 
No!
NYC Zulfiqar had two, I think. Powerful family and... some power flaw. Plus she was homeless.
But that wasn't a flaw.
Akane had Ruin and mental disability, which is two flaws.
It's more like concept overload. I feel like a good character tends to come from two or three core 'points' that you develop and intertwine, and sometimes trigger plus flaws can result in just too many ideas pulling in too many different directions.
could interpret homeless as Caterpillargirl bouncing around between offices and departments and never staying in one place for whatever reason.
Nope, got a game elsewhere.
yeah
onitan3, you on?
He was on earlier today, during a bit of NPC gen before you came on.
"Feb 06 02:28:29 <onitan>	just give me a rough time because I usually only search my name every few hours to see if I was mentioned" (was talking to tubes)
if it was 3 days after Ziz landed she'd be screaming mang.
pbin, oni.
lol
onitan3, go to #WD_Lausanne.
#WD_Lausanne
(I'm pretty sure onitan was not in Lausanne for any of the intro, there, 'bow.)
lmfao
or use ||
forward slash (/) is the symbol that signifies you're giving the server commands, like /me or /topic or whatever.
I think he's referring to the (twice) dropped punctuation here:  "[...]I love more than hanging around with Mr. Nordmann" I obnoxiously chew my gum"
Hey, I wasn't complaining. But yes, I am anal.
"Wouldn't be the first time I heard that." that is a perfect line
jack of all trades and win scaling
I got roll 3 pick 2
he just rolled $perk
2x
who cares how british people spell words
apostrophes are not fucked, they have clear rules
<-
stranger, tinker, thinker, changer, would be my go-tos. would depend on specifics.
@tfs: would go with tinker or thinker, then. probably tinker. 
if you're ignoring the tinker element, it's more blaster or mover than stranger or striker, since you're not in melee or under emotional threat.
"Focal Tinkers come about from a singular focus, but in this case the focus is not an obsession for an object, but around their own behavior, pattern, or path.  The tinker is caught, stuck in a rut, or otherwise doomed to repeat the same behavior over and over again."
it's just the worst incident in a long series of similar incidents
breaker does the goofy physics bullshit like invulnerability, immateriality, etc.
actually, the detail generator is helpful on the subject of breaker v. changer, since it has a bunch of examples of both: 
onitan, you should totally go to the angel and ask her for help.
good to hear
do it even if there's somebody there.
also pawn
it's obviously a bud tho.
No. Owned.
thus, owned.
if they didn't want to get horrifically scarred, they shouldn't commit crimes.
i don't know where this idea that if you get a trump power you must instawin every fight with the person who triggered you got started. it's super dumb.
No, the thing with fyf, or Snowbird thinking I'm completely invincible to him in Cleveland because he triggered me.
he literally shot me with his power and it worked, at LEAST one time.
it's come up in multiple wd games. like i said, fyf died because he thought skincrawl hard countered him.
snowbird has repeatedly said i'm his hard counter.
that doesn't mean i'm a hard counter to him. i killed two of your goons, too, that doesn't make me a hard counter to your goons.
he's in baltimore.
what's the word for somebody who doesn't attract much attention but is still active?
You're using the murderbox word to describe your games, does that mean you're not allowed to play in your own games until Mars is in retrograde?
As opposed to implicitly?
tbqh fam
it's not cultural appropriation any more than kamikaze or sayonara is.
wow. personal attack. ban him.
Harsh, but fair.
Giving infraction points when you're not a mod? That's fifteen infraction points.
Anyway. Dumb and probably meaningless question, if these capes were in a draft, which would be your first/last pick? Just want to make sure none of them are obviously poo/god-tier. 
flavor is part of not being poo
just like you would do if you were looking for a cool power.
blademaster's the dead weight, then, I suppose.
i wonder what the longest lapse has been since somebody has said something and someone else has responded to it hours later.
Justin, Thomas, Gabriel, Kevin, Leon, Alexander
one million dollars
I'd guess a couple thou for a relatively low-risk job, 20-50k for a once-a-year risk job?
it's clipped in four
char creation/gameplay/equipment/misc.
wonder if Wendy's mom actually signed away custody or if it was a retarded attempt to scare Wendy straight.
Signing away custody of your kid in the heat of the moment when a) the person you're signing it away to obviously has no ability to control her, and b) he literally just got done trying to pimp you and her out... I dunno. Seems a /little/ far.
what shitty parents, for real though. jesus. "durr, sure, kick me off the team, pimp out my wife and daughter, go ahead, whatever."
3/3/3/3/3/3/3 statline, +/- 1 for each, pick some skills, pick a few costume elements as appropriate, done.
Do you really think that Nordmann couldn't cover that shit up? Wendy actually is a huge brat.
*for the power and surety to brutally murder Nordmann.
sure. nordmann's a huge twat. he's still clearly got the social mojo to manage a team of like nine capes and keep things looking good for reporters despite being insane and pushing the ODD kid in a way that obviously does not work.
what do we use as 'benchmark' human speed? Ath * 10'?
oh shit
Go to the Simurgh, obviously. Get whatever brainfuckery she decides to bestow on you. Mug somebody for petty cash, then go to the store and buy a recording device. Put it in your pocket, walk back, say that you talked to the angel and you're going to stop being a brat because her song made you calm, then let Nordmann act like a twat on camera.
*on tape
this dude has literally, sincerely, unironically, destroyed your family. He must be slain.
maybe me and mega can adopt you.
did you figure out what your power flaw does?
lol
Sounds good.
ideas: come up with cult's belief system and what attracted you to them; look more towards your life perk & trigger, coming from physical fitness, self-actualization, a person who won't keep their mouth shut when they think they're right; roll a life flaw until you find one you like and unofficially apply it.
@spelt: sap/disorient striker claws, feed pseudo-teleport s-shaped blink.

no-knock raid and police shoot your dog.
!roll 1d2 #(Trump|Striker)
*campaign docs
lol same
Increase the channel limit, Obama!
it looks mechanically fine
*kidnapping
@Ridtom:  - Oni's trigger is Storm & Fury.
!roll 1d6
being handsome pays
jet
maverick
icarus
whatever icarus's dad's name was.
"It is a beautiful day isn't it? Or, at least it is now that I am speaking to you." lol damn son.
you hope that several other players die, and then that wilbur does not feel like he's just wasting time churning newbies through the meatgrinder.
oh, #WD_Lausanne
What's a good illness, that causes persistent weakness/bad symptoms for a long period of time, then you pretty much drop dead?
preferably one not from the Bible or Game of Thrones.
basically, trying to work out a trigger, SO has some long-term body issue that you ignore and tell them to stop whining about, then one day they have a [heart attack/whatever] and fall over and die, and you wonder why they didn't tell you it was so bad.
it's at 100, this is for something else.
not asymptomatic, but a sudden shift from 'aches, pains, tiredness, whatever' to 'you are now in the emergency room, you are now dead.'
cancer works fine, just looking over the lymphoma page to stage it right.
rip blushy
she wants the D
can't flim flam the nordmann.
the last one to join. always the last one to join.
rip.
When your client disconnects because of bad connection, it cannot reconnect with the same name as previously (because it thinks somebody on the server already has the same name), so you wind up having onitan, onitan2, and onitan3, because the client automatically shifts the name slightly when the name is taken.
"Your mom and dad don't understand. You're a deer!"
did you check your pockets
I'm going to throw this idea out there, you can pick it up or put it down.
Maybe it was because you were drunk.
he hasn't dc'd in the past 20m.
In your shoes, I'd consider taking a look at *World games where people play NPCs. It's a strongly proactive, PCs push in different directions, kind of game like WD, so there may be some lessons to take from mistakes/successes, though it's tabletop rather than IRC so the dynamic's a bit different.
Don't have any easy links on hand, Pink. Apocalypse World's the game. I mean, I can google it but I don't really have any better idea than you on the subject.
 &  are coming at it from a slightly different angle (co-GMing) but they're touching on the swapping control of NPCs.
obvious one, now that i'm looking at it, is guideline for "APCs" to a) interact specifically with the PC, versus GM/other NPCs and b) not, mmm, steal the show, I guess is the word?
Would also want to give direction, in advance, in terms of how much you should make the PC(s) work to get what they want from you.
obstructionist asshole cop versus schoolgirl with a crush, etc.
Yeah, but it's something that very much needs to be in whatever micro-dossier that the player gets - what does the APC have that the PC wants and how much of an asshole are they inclined to be about giving it over, what does the APC want from the PC and how much of an asshole are they inclined to be about getting it.
Oh, oni, out of curiosity, is Wendy like that with everybody or only with Nordmann/her parents?
it's really epic how he literally kicked your dad off the team and pimped out his wife and daughter in front of him and he didn't do shit.
It occurs to me that if your dad didn't save Nordmann and just let him fall, all your troubles would be over.
No, don't.
because you think the only reason anyone can be important in the Wormverse is if they have superpowers.
know is a dump stat, actually.
the dump stats are soc, know, wits, and brawn.
they can be dumped, unlike ath/dex/guts, which will get you killed for dumping them, he says as his Lausanne character has Ath 1.
ath is really important because it lets you dodge, and it also lets you run away. two very important things in any fight.
ath in terms of never dump.
rip to those that died
*do
because it's tinkertech
*keep
_seen aceofspade
_seen aceofspades
was just trying to remember what your normal name was
Anyway, could you find your San Perlita sheet and PM it to me? It seems to have gotten lost in the shuffle at some point.
evens/odds
the slow decline of Western civilization.
oh, you meant in Weaver Dice. I don't think so.
common core
Yes.
Mm, yeah. Sleep cycle's been kinda fucky the last couple days, if we're going to do a sess, let me go get some caffeine in me?
We good to go?
uhhhhhhhhhhh
they're on my desktop, I think.
the slow decline of Western Civilization. also Detroit. well I guess they're really the same thing.
i've got 'em
oh, they're all on the doc. wtf.

it's two sessions concatenated.
[x] rude [ ] same [x] true
stray is a sadsack
she's more the "get dragged down" type
you did. owned.
I don't think any of the Arc 2 sessions are "complete."
yeah. 3/4, 3/4, 1/2, 1/2.
*murder people
here's hoping i'm not one of them
not 30. like 9 or 12 or w/e. it's fine. You can do it. Ganbatte.
*Nona and Mega.
We can adopt her.
lol
but also, yeah. He could pretty much walk in, meet Nordmann, go Breaker and murk him, fly out.
we've got our own enemies list tho
Nordmann doesn't seem like the type to kidnap a corrupt politician and his wife and try to flay them alive.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Nordmann will be a lot more vulnerable to murder in a few days when the Simurgh starts screaming.
!roll 1d6-1
I can't think of any chucklefucks willing to raid an irradiated ruin for destroyed Tinkertech." Isn't that basically Scrags' trigger for lavos's game?
money makes madmen of us all.
Men plan, 'bow laughs.
No.
25
subterfuge counts?
$roll 1d6-1 (+0 if Subterfuge applies)
$roll 1d6-1
Fuck. What is the timescale for Stray running off? Yesterday? Day before?
well he can't 'cause there's 100 triggers right now.
[said in the sincerest voice possible] Oh, it must be really good.
[in the whiny voice from that one skit] "If there are any max security prisons there, I want to do them!"
specifics are fine if they serve the trigger's particulars. they're unnecessary detail that can load down character concepts with chaff if they don't.
Bad stuff happens, but people focus in. There's a core twisting of the knife to a trigger, and everything leading up to that point should build up to and provide context for it.
be nice to the newbie.
rip to those that died
so do dead babies
In 23.02, is master-stranger 3, mover-shaker 6, blaster-shaker 4, valid technical designation, or is it just simplification for time's sake? i.e. if you look up August Prince's file does it say Master-Stranger 3 or Master 3/Stranger 3?
yeah.
August Prince, Bambina, the other one who I don't remember.
me killing her in Cleveland
didn't you just learn about the existence of Zoup yesterday IC.
If I didn't go to the stupid meeting then nothing would happen so fuck off m8.
Anyway, if you show up I'll just drive off, Mega.
mega is PRT director do
*doe
I have been trying to kill Coldhand so that you can join Cleveland*, but I just haven't quite managed yet.
*this is not actually why.
I might be your friend if you join my gang.
I get to be the boss of the Silver Bullets after the coup.
He is cool as a cucumber while you are currently undergoing uncontrolled nuclear fission.
How so?
Rom the Profoundly Mentally Retarded Spider.
I wanted to give her weapon enhancement. Blame Teruzi.
The triggers of my capes that have seen some gameplay are: kept losing at fencing, got shanked by icicles, almost drowned, got beat up and had her shit burned and had the words 'JAPS GO HOME' carved into her forehead, trapped in a collapsed building, dog about to be put down.
what's there to be sorry about?
If Anti did it IRL it wouldn't be an accident.
C53s have had their odds sharply reduced in the new system. It's like, 5%, used to be like 25%.
@Dolyn: Old system: roll 1d20, +1 mid R, +2 high R, +3 if balance added, -7 for high mutation odds vial, 5-, subject is C53. New system: roll 1d100, generally 5- is C53 mutation, sometimes higher.
Do stupid puns, like saying, "oh, this is just purrrrfect."
what if she's a hero
I have one.
Oh, no, wait, I have two.
Only one I actually got to play, though.
should she $trigger now, then?
Oh, I'm quite proud of this one.
striker
would make sense for them to run away from wherever they triggered, yeah.
Not Four?
I want to say ambush tactics Striker/Stranger, shades of Trump to exact manifestation.
wouldn't they be the Predator, with the cloak and all?
Was trying to work out a good Stranger power to pair with it, but... a Striker power, a handful of different effects that can be applied to a weapon, which both fuck with people hit in a normal way, and (for capes) fucks with their powers. Effect 1 lowers accuracy/control, 2 lowers strength, etc. Fully stacked pretty much kills the power. Has similar effects in terms of nonpowered ability, as well.
Hmm. Mix with Slip, from the Detail Generator? "Slip - Enemy vision radiuses, sensory abilities are treated as lower when it comes to detecting this parahuman.  Parahuman is concealed by a point-blank effect, making actions less clear.  Comes with secondary power or stranger augmentation."
It depends.
"Being face to face with a threatening cape would be the most direct relationship in both proximity and separation"
@Vern: re: rotating Striker. like, effect 1 is disorienting, and fucks with accuracy/control of powers. effect 2 is weakening, and fucks with power overall strength. effect 3 is slowing, and fucks with ease of activation (more time, concentration, etc). Multiple effects simultaneously maybe increases each effect's strength.
If Shadow Stalker had actively been using her powers to fuck up Taylor's life and was just then in costume arresting her I would expect her to get shades of Trump, at least.
41
Ath+1 rounds, 20' snapback.
she auto-flicks back so
didn't you say it could be ticked up/down one?
stranger .3, mover .1, trump .6?
It's a good evasion power but it's not very good at infiltration because of the short snapback range, which is why I'd pin the Stranger element as low. Whereas the Trump element is pretty strong.
Yeah, but you would you give a 20' no-LOS-needed teleporter Mover .5/Stranger .5?
$claim 41 Berlin [Thalia]
$stranger .3
$mover .1
$trump .6
No.
is her stalker going to follow her into Berlin
oh, right, there're now 99 triggers. 
she's one of those too
I'd focus more on the Stranger element than the Trump element, for the name. Since that bit's obvious and you can keep your Trumpiness under the hood.
ready as I'll ever be.
Legal age.
she kills wink, I kill Loup, together... we take over Cleveland.
As you are in a hospital bed with a bomb collar around your neck, put there by my good buddy TGK, you do not.
opiates are da bomb.
If I'm going to die I'd like my last meal to be Taco Bell.
We're going to team up, and Saff is going to give me Coldhand's dead body, and I'm going to make bank.
Even if I don't get the $50k, I get the milestone for killing you, I think. Also I really want to kill you.
And one of the PCs is your only teammate.
if he dies does he get to reroll 'cause he's one of your IRL players?
no, as in roll up a new character
soon he'll be dead
well this time it's because I killed you.
admittedly part of it was probably also Saff waiting way too long to help you out
git gud.
$roll 1d6+1 soc
Oorah.
*please do
Yeah, Snow. If you were in prison you'd still be alive right now. Maybe you should think about that.
didn't you shoot jetstream
what a coincidence. i'm about to make 50k by killing you.
It is a coincidence. The numbers are both multiples of ten thousand, and made of American dollars. Incroyal.
i miss anything since saff made fun of my finances
$roll 1d6+1
$roll 1d6-1
fuuu
it says the soup is award-winning.
oh wait hang on a second, sorry
haha, anti's looking at the same place.
You called me a short bitch first.
Lucky I didn't tell Hayes to just ram his car into Zoup.
*my car
*for onesies
she doesn't even know who's offering the bounty
how do you have a plan while being comatose
Always a problem in a plan when even step one is impossible.
I really want to know what his current plan is. When I kill him, will you tell me?
It will never start, as you are currently comatose and Saff is planning to feed you to me.
I almost got shot to death, got humiliated in front of my boys by my fucko boss, and I lost two minio- err, friends.
that's covered under humiliation
I have two dog-themed capes and no cat-themed ones.
Ebon Hawk.
*said while image has not yet loaded* what, the neckbrace isn't part of the outfit?
a pink dress
Okay, so have I actually gotten the address?
The problem with describing women's clothing, hair, makeup, et cetera, is that they they have too many words for too many tiny differences and I don't understand or want to learn them.
yeah, that's fine, just wanted to be sure.
I have two dog-themed capes and no cat-themed ones." wait, shit. would "Komainu" be cat-themed or dog-themed, or both?
That's because you stole that money.
Well, I promise when I find the guy who stole the rest I'll kill him too.
Nach/Kill OTP.
is that a quote
!search desirable sexual partners
I'm a Brit apparently, so it's not like there's any desirable sexual partners around
rip in pepperonis, Snow.
Coldhand wakes up to the sensation of bullets entering his chest, then he dies.
he's going to second trigger and then die from me shooting him in the chest with a Deagle.
It is pretty close to his trigger event, to be fair.
lol @ cutting off his stupid line.
I am cracking the fuck up.
I would be interested in guidelines for second trigger odds (where relevant) - like, +1% mirrors emotionally, +2% mirrors closely, +3% mirrors extremely closely, or something.
for situations like this, where it's the same as the trigger right down to whose ass is about to kill you
I'll have Delphi take a photo for you.
That's fair, but would be nice to have static guidelines.
should I roll out my milestone?
$roll 3d7
was your goal also to kill Coldhand
He was played by Snow.
(He was responsible for my character's trigger event and is an enormous idiot.)
rip.
Think of it this way, Snow: I popped your abdominal cherry.
how do milestones work with skills?
# of skills?
no, I mean, I have 3 skills and 3 Know, does that mean I can only pump existing skills with that, or can I add an extra 1/2?
You're not a very good boss.
I'm offering my guys a fair, even split of the money on this job, you know? I could've taken more, but I split it five ways, because that's the kind of person I am.
He killed seven of my coworkers who I liked and cared about IC.
I have an apartment, and soon $10k.
he would have immediately died because I would have kept shooting him so yes, it definitely would have been funny.
I also literally have a high caliber pistol pointed at his chest.
okay dude.

*gets cash money

No, we agreed to have me murder Coldhand.
No, we agreed to have me murder Coldhand.
Scrags is notoriously decisive.
I murdered Coldhand, he rolled a 97 on second trigger chance (not high enough), and I became the next President of the United States and will Make America Great Again.
what do you think it means, dude
Also, Coldhand makes my third IC kill, methinks.
!search cherry
If it had been spelt or somebody playing your trigger/luck they probably wouldn't have done that.
It is completely sane to make the game fun by being proactive and causing trouble for yourself and others.
the best part of Coldhand dying was definitely this bit:
The bullets pound into his chest. He manages to cough out "Such a shame-" before he's cut off, either from dying, or a bullet entering his lung. ||
wait a second
was Coldhand's stupid plan to seduce Nachzehrer?
I don't know, Scrags. Ask Anti.
abicycle
a lighthouse and a face with its skin peeling off
light attack & perception powers.
@Lex: It's not necessarily simple versus complex as taking away what's unnecessary. If a trigger involves multiple elements coming together for a final slam, then it's fine to bring them up, but look for a center and build around that.
skincrawl killed dune
bete noir killed archival
kill her and take it
Just don't help out the vigilante who flayed my husband alive and we good.
He could come to you, asking to buy robots, or something.
And if you sell them to him, you get got.
No, only the people who sell the psycho that flays people a Tinker-grade army.
I rolled Brawn, Wits, Know. Was wanting to know if I could pick up, e.g., Dodge with the milestone given I've got 3 skills and Know 3 already.
what's the trigger/power?
too long/10
K. Was going to go Dodge 4 or Dodge 3/Command 1, or something like that, if it was possible, so yeah.
yeah. Brawl/SS/Threaten
lf/pp
insciens and the breaker power perk
Thought it was GM's pick?
oh, shit, Antioch, you still here? I had a question about Cleveland.
What was Snowbird/Coldhand's stupid plan that you hated?
Hahahahaha
until you roll something no one else has
no, the name that is lovecraft with all the vowels removed is not related to lovecraft.
his PRT director
I just edit and rearrange character sheets.
looks like it's derived from one of mine, yeah
you can tell it's mine because I include the old Asset rules in the Assets section.
no
But I put all the "things you got" in the old assets in the asset box, so it'd be easier when I was filling that bit out.
assuming you're willing to skip somebody and come back to them later if they're not available X weekend
are there changers that can't reverse the changes made to their bodies? like they get sort of tricked into having to choose between different kinds of strange?" Bow did Dolyn's San Perlita power, basically was that. Changer power, changes accrue, eventually she's pseudo-Echidna.
This is when she first came around!" Literally robbing the cradle.
How do you guys manage to get OC knowledge out of your mind while you RP?" You do not, you just remember that you are playing with other people and that winning isn't everything, and it's important to remember that other players want to have an enjoyable experience as well and metagaming can screw that up.
(and the GM is another player, for purposes here.)
okay oni. so if you didn't know the Simurgh was mindfuck central, your first action post-triggering would still have been to go kiss her?
Don't play stupid characters.
You OOC know she's mindfuck central, and that's why you're going to kiss her. Which is fine, I don't mean to suggest you're being immoral or anything, but that decision is clearly influenced by the situation as you understand it OOCly.
There is a difference between a decision that makes sense IC, and a decision you would make IC without OOC information.
just some discussion of IC/OOC divide
Pink: am in the middle of something else. Does a brief wait (10-20m) work for you?
you are not actually in the city, despite how it reads, to be clear.
Pink, am free for game if you're still up for it.
Shaker, Master, Mover. Giant monster attacking NYC, water dragon thing. Hmm. Actually, what about a Breaker? Breaker state that merges with the environment in an area?
could be Thinker, also.
Pink, did you see my earlier message?
Pink, am free for game if you're still up for it.
what's the power idea right now?
no, the behemoth one
$used 59
$roll 1d6-1 (+0 if Subt applies)
AU
isn't it Wits to tell lies from truth?
I think X points total, tick down the highest 1 point, repeat until you reach X?
try /list
What's the boon?
it's $power flaw
and wait for the previous $power flaw to complete before doing it again. lvcrft
jesus. he rollin' bad.
self-sabotage seems like the lightest
3/4
you're at 3/4 of a session
Oh, completely missed that bit. Yeah.
$roll 1d6+1
vaginismus
it would be my assumption that Crane never did anything sexual to any of her students and that the impotence comes from associating intimate physical contact with having the stuffing beaten out of you.
I'm bringing it back.
Regarding?
Eh. You called me short.
Then I also check to make sure my laptop's okay.
But I ain't confronting her.
$roll 1d6
Bitch better not steal my laptop.
@Pink: not really
that's the session, right, Pink?
why soulpelt
wow. i'm not on the list.
i've run like... fuck. I did a calc a while back. half a million words worth of quest. more like a million, iirc. don't run quests on forums.
I am helping.
That's why I'm saying not to put it on a forum.
with live-type quests, like on Anonkun or /tg/, you get a lot more serious mental engagement from players, IME. like irc or roll20 versus pbp or pbem.
it depends on the sexquest.
Imagine a one-on-one RP, except instead of one player, you have ten or twenty all playing the same character and voting on what he/she does.
no
it's democratic
pfft. [X] Hermaphrodite
it's the same everywhere.
I cannot tell you how many gender votes on /tg/ have been ruined by write-ins to the effect of "futa"/"trap"/"reverse trap"/"our character literally does not know"/etc.
I just stuck them all on a list and then RNG'd off it.
when was the last time i was salty
that's not an answer.
larger parties work iff you set a damn time in advance and say if you can't show up for this time every week, don't sign up.
then they were both eaten by a dragon. rip.
the dragon ate them both and now they are dead. it is a tragedy.

No.
Which is more important: the most important day of your sister's life, or an IRC RP? I think we both know the answer to that.
Even worse.

?
non-PRT heroes do run into the "problem" of having to actively work to get money and thus be proactive in obtaining the resources they need.
There are lots of ways. Either institutional (community collection, church, supportive family, etc) or personal (stealing cash, ransoming villains, bounty-hunting, etc). The former gives you external things it is personally important to you to protect, sustain, and grow, and the latter pushes you into fights, conflicts, etc.
New Wave.
uh, everyone in Europe
Taylor
SHadow Stalker
Browbeat
"Non-PRT hero" is really broad, though, spelt. Compare a vigilante-type like the Punisher to, say, New Wave, or Storm Warning, or whatever else. What if my hero team monetizes themselves by doing a thing like Uber and Leet, an online streaming site with ads where we post videos of us stopping villains?
what are the rules for villains making money robbing banks.
It would actually be really cool to have an independent hero who got their money from their church.
the oog system for "jobs" is insanely abstracted, which is fine for what it was for but I would die if I was forced to do "you rob a bank with your crew" as "roll a few die to see if you succeed, roll a dice to decide what you get."
Uber and Leet
I'm going to make 50k.
He would have had to actually hurt me.
it's interesting that the "on your mind"/"your mind on" constructions are synonymous even though most of the time switching order like that completely flips meaning.
wow. way to scare him off, anti.
Scourge.
Scarab.
it's the alternate name for taylor wb considered
Host.
Myrmidon.
Buggy
I find that not drinking alcohol helps prevent that.
agreed
yeah, some people's triggers make them double down. like Nachzehrer, wouldn't make sense for her to be afraid of Coldhand forever because he triggered her.
I write full backstories too, but I feel like I can write Stray being a neurotic brokebrain piece of shit without any mechanics strongarming me into it.
I write full backstories too, but I feel like I can write Stray being a neurotic brokebrain piece of shit without any mechanics strongarming me into it.
the insane violent fucker. the other insane violent fucker. this insane violent fucker. so varied, much wow.
Perhaps. Best at character, though?
It now occurs to me that you may have meant that backstory was your personal weakness and character was your personal strength, rather than referring to some sort of external ranking.
the cucker becomes the cuckee, scrags.
don't destroy Cleveland too bad.
are you high right now
IC
Coke gives you dice rerolls?" Morale gives you a +1d6 to a single roll/encounter, iirc. Playing to your life flaws counts for morale.
boom goes the dynamite
I liked the part where you admitted to attacking them unprovoked.
He doesn't nod his head. Maybe he can't, you sick fuck.
I liked the part where you admitted to attacking them unprovoked.
Can you believe the PRT didn't immediately hire this chick?
All according to keikaku.
now that you've proven yourself like this it's just a matter of time before the PRT calls you back.
*that you got the job.
Oh good, TGK is back. *retrieves Coldhand's dead body* "Yo! Here's that shit you ordered!"
*tosses Coldhand's body into Redcap's room*
lemme get it for ya
you're just saying that because I killed Snow.

Yeah. The "x" makes it sound cool.
$roll 2d8
$roll 1d6
strong words from the man who tried to recruit the person with the unrestrainable murder power.
He didn't kill your mooks. Also, I killed your mooks and you gave me Coldhand on a silver platter sooooo
Can you kill who?
after he pays me my 50k
Yo, Scrags, you still here?
yes
looks pretty and has all kinds of selfworth problems" If you like pretty girls with all kinds of self-worth problems, then have I got the PC for you.
Hey pretty lady, want to go for a ride in a fast car?
you have no idea what she is talking about
I don't think he was very creepy before.
>stuffed animals >high schooler
>implying
oh shit. is cody the one with scrags' trump trigger.
maybe if you hadn't drunk that vial she would have.
AceOfSpade, you on?
harder with 3 players
and your reward is that you get to be in Canada. definitely not worth it.
yeah
1) what's your wife's name in San Perlita? 2) when you up for a session
Monday 2PM CST work for you?
Hmm. What makes for an interesting warrior Tinker PC power?
warrior Tinker - Tinker whose power's focused on broad combat applications. "One field of specialty, but parahuman can readily create the basic 'core' tinker equipment - tinker versions of your standard weapons (pistols, rifles, armor, helmets, visors), with optimal results when the two cross over."
I miss anything? Last I saw was organic!warrior tinker
thanks, btw, bow.

what happened to the bots with the green little animaltars that automatically click every link and then sit there.
they've stopped showing up for me
did you leave immediately after your last message?
then vern asked if you saw anti's session
you have to hire him

nope
this is p much my only bookmark: 
would think is more a hanger-on/"friend" than an employee
you're a hero
haha two characters.
ABEP. Always Be Eating Pudding.
!search sick fuck
my fave quote
sniffles
Huh, this person is really anxious, has a hard time paying attention, and keeps dabbing at their nose with tissues. Wonder what's going on here.
Hmm? No, no corresponding quest.
San Josafat was a quest, then I got here and there were no open games so I tried it out as a setting.
well, not "no," but you know how it is
Alright, here's what I'd do with that character: Never play them because nobody actually runs games here.
I dunno Saff. You called me short.
Not even close.
that maybe makes up for the "bitch" comment. not for short though.
town healer
Most violent radicals have little-to-no preoccupation with having a punny title.
*support
How would you make a costume, if you got superpowers in real life, Lvcrft?
"a light debate with Adele about whether the sins of an actor made a movie harder to enjoy"
so prolly

Taylor never really deals with her issues and remains an insane brokebrain for all 1.6m words though.
"He slaps Carlos lightly on the face." How romantic.
I mean he put up a 50k bounty on your partner for less direct insults." He also put a 50k bounty on Killhand.
twist: it turns out she really does just want to bang Cody, she's just awkward and clumsy.
#MotorCity
"this cape wants his ass blasted, and not in the good way." ...
the good way being... pegging?
this is his trigger, so no
If only he had recognized her. Then he could've been like, "You're just so great, I was so intimidated I broke things up with you like an ass, I'm sorry" or some similar such bullshit.
December 2002
or... wait, three?
Mega, did you see that 'bow was asking after your milestones?
Still need the three milestone goals for Meg and one for Anti, for Laus
mixed advancement/motivation system
one personal/civilian, two cape, was the guideline he gave me.
Dude. Your cape stalker should totally be one of the Suits.
The PRT approaches Jed Tylor in Dept 64. Otherwise, not as far as I know.
Yeah.
>joining the PRT
>ever
I don't care if they were Tinkers.
the Protectorate is part of the PRT
it is under the PRT's direct authority
Parahumans are not allowed to hold high positions in the PRT as a who watches the watchmen deal.
what is the difference between augments and modifications for List B items?
I've just been doing Aug-only for Tinker tables I'm toying with, because I don't really 'get' it.
like... okay, example: heavy armor/weapons warrior Tinker. list A would be things like armor, cannon, hammer, etc. list B augments would be "fire damage bonus," "zoom/targeting," "spike armor"? vs. what would be modifications?
I guess modifications are for things like, you have the cannon say "append one list B modification for effect," then there's shrapnel/fireball/spider minion? And if the armor also said "append one list B modification", you could choose the same things but they'd be spikes/white-hot/claw arms?
augments definitely incorporate horizontal expansion, just looking at the playtest capes - and he's gone.
augments definitely incorporate horizontal expansion, just looking at the playtest capes
Augments: bonuses, abilities, add-ons; modifications: rotating effects, alternate ammo type deals?
TheJ (TheJ@net-36b4t1.217.in-addr.arpa) has joined <- .arpa
nsa pls go and stay go
w/ who?
hoisington?
he's had characters in Detroit and Hoisington, at least. don't think he's played in a long-ass time though.
tl;dr: I shot a dude at point-blank with a high-caliber pistol while he tried (and failed) to seduce me.
No it isn't.
lol
PRT capes is an issue of proactivity, not constrained concept space. WD needs characters to be proactive and have leeway, most PRT capes tend to be very reactive and subordinate, which is fucking boring.
Sure, I wouldn't say it's intrinsic to PRT stuff, but that tends to be a recurring issue. I'd blame it for me killing WD San Josafat so quick.
how tf does pre- post-leviathan prt matter to this discussion spelt.
the Punisher is a murderhobo.
You could go different directions than that, oni - a Panacea-type with some crippling psyche issues that are waiting to explode, or a Weaver-type who bucks authority constantly but is basically heroic.
W^3: with a villain, you are basically required to construct a character that is proactive and acts on their own initiative; the same is more-or-less true of an independent hero. It is not generally true of a PRT cape.
we're not playing video games, though, we're playing generally 1-on-1 IRC RP.
Oh, or you could do a Gigawatt-type character who's grossly incompetent.
"Reactive can be excellent for RP." not for WD.
Brockton Bay
If I wanted drama in my civilian life, I would go outside. :smugout:
Okay. Imagine instead of a parahuman power, it is a gun. Are you allowed to shoot someone who shot you in the stomach?
don't think it fits with the setting, anyway.
...
Thinker, maybe Master or Breaker.
you're misremembering. this got a trail breaker, or something, I think.
A woman who you love, but who sadly is not real (or at least, not at all reasonably available to you, like a KPop singer)
sure you can
vulstag's.
there's already a necromancer
Empath-type Thinker/Master? Perceive emotions, use them to target, maybe manipulate subtly?
there's ghosts and shit in Vulstag's setting.
it's not like it has to be magic.
hentai is japanese cartoons. baka.
Cycling single-target empathy Thinker/Master? acquire target, power swaps between different modes automatically and in rotation?
Can scan someone by some vector, discern weaknesses, flaws, leverage those weaknesses.  Social skills ramped up.  Effects of emotional/mental attack using said skills are ramped up.
that's what i just quoted
that's because you're bad at winning.
he shot himself in the head
All characters want to accomplish their goals.
$master -1
do it chat so we can see
only if your GM's a railroading ass, OB.
get a read on the GM's style. like #MotorCity versus #WD_Lausanne is a pretty huge difference because Pink v Bow's different GM styles.
it does not, necessarily, Pink. There's heavy gamification of RPing in Monsterhearts, for example, but it DEFINITELY does not conflate the two.
Apocalypse World hack where you RP Twilight.
resolution mechanics are exactly what I am not talking about when I hype Monsterhearts
Pretty much my first RP experience was playing the Mortal in a Monsterhearts game, with moves like this: "Excuses Are My Armour: When you ignore some blatant problem with your lover or how they treat you, mark experience." It's very easy, when playing Monsterhearts, to let mechanics to push you into this or that direction, because they're designed to make things *interesting* if you follow them where they lead.
he's married tho
that's more like my life story
incorporate an NPC serial killer who kills PCs, when their players disappear for more than a month or two.
No, the Fate Core, which is like the Dresden one, but better.
isn't she a kid and he an adult
Scrags, your other Detroit cape was Strongbow, right?
it's really sad the building collapsed on him, he would've been a great husbando for Stray.
*ephebo- fuck
she was the schizophrenic break girl who turned into a monster that didn't look like a monster. her, uh, originally backstory, uh, err.
I am really fucking sick and tired of Mishie bringing this up, can he please be banned from doing it? I was quiet the first couple times, but he has done it a lot and it is insanely fucking annoying because that experience was incredibly humiliating.
I could if you really want.
I said something to that effect the first time it got brought up, when the rule went up - "do you ever turn it off" or something.
Well, I would like, in the future, for Mishie to stop bringing this up.
"Nov 19 23:59:17 <Mishie>	What technically happened in that case is that a player decided to include in their backstory that their 13 year old character had a 35 year old boyfriend" & when the new rule got added, too, don't have logs of that on this computer.
Non did [publicly bitch about Vern's GMing]" ? Nov 12 06:29:53 <Mishie>	the reason why rule 6 is a thing
I could go find the original fucking instance, when you definitely brought it up in an intentionally humiliating way and Teller told to "laugh quietly".
*gets in the last word* Yeah, let's drop it. :/
Nekraa
there was an idea along those lines a while back, actually.
The idea was something like a dumping grounds for Legacy capes, on the IC premise that the shards were toying with ideas, using "ghosts" of their former hosts in a sort of alien dreamscape environment, subtly unreal yet grounded and external.
iirc
black morning thing is a decent framing method.
good.
does bow trigger like normal or does he get a cauldron vial or what
bow cunt punts through the sewer system and bursts forth like a newborn child
bow cunt punts through the sewer system and bursts forth like a newborn child (at line 398)
what's going on
$used 170
bow's: Can scan someone by some vector, discern weaknesses, flaws, leverage those weaknesses.  Social skills ramped up.  Effects of emotional/mental attack using said skills are ramped up.
you don't trigger in relief
who did not trigger in relief so
it's $used 170
Hmm. This is Vulstag's game, right?
was it Vulstag or Coldgold who was saying "I don't want more Tinkers"?
Just fuck already.
Tinker, bimodal, mixed focus, targeting/perception and severe damage. Systems basically flip back and forth between a scanning mode, getting info, putting together targeting info, and an offensive mode, applying that data with assassin-type weapons.
was a different trigger
yes
just use $luck

I had an idea that could work well here, I think. Alexandria package, works via exotic material that surround and act as armor, leaves trail in wake, flake off with attacks. Effect of material here would be sort of serration, nanothorn type deal, cuts through flesh clean and easy, cancels/stops on hitting street, walls, etc.
roll 2d6, Vaklav.
++accurate, --efficiency, -efficiency, +versatility.
Better aim (can target flung bits much more easily), formation of flakes (both activation/loss) is tiring quickly (has to take a round catching breath on activation, once every few rounds of use, assuming it's being actively used), and can actively toss flakes.
AceOfSpade, you ready for your session?
cool. pop over to #WDSanPerlita and we can get started on the hour
$roll 1d6
!roll 1d6
another Wits roll, I think.
!roll 1d6
Hmm. Roll Wits, Driving bonus applies, and an additional +2 since you're in a car and she's on foot.
!roll 1d6
!roll 1d6+2
welp.
#WDSanPerlita
it's a tiny little city in the southern cone of Texas that I picked out a while back for another thing because it had a three-digit population.
!roll 1d6+1
!roll 1d6+1
Roll Wits, AceOfSpade.
Now Guts.
Make a Social roll.
_roll 1d6+1
no, it's fine with bonuses
(that's not a real roll, btw)
!roll 1d6+4
roll Wits
lucky you
Roll to hit her with the door.
Dex
!roll 1d6+1
You don't hit her with the door.
!roll 1d6+3
pfft
that's like the third time I've had a roll where it was going to be opposed but there was 0 chance of you meeting her roll.
Hmm. Well, roll Guts, actually.
No, she's not actually stabbing you.
Stop rolling so bad! I feel mean for taking control of your character when you fail the resist mind control rolls. The DC isn't even high! It's like, a 3.
Roll another Guts, actually.
there's no way to check if you've been $simurgh adjusted, though.
roll to-hit, Dex+Brawl.
$roll 1d6+1
$roll 1d6
$roll 1d4
$roll 1d6 phone durability check
Roll Social, Ace.
where's the log converter link
well you could've kept beating her up.
yeah. dk when I'll be really to get around to you/dol, got jury duty tomorrow.
You get money for jury duty though.
$7.50 the first day, $40 each day thereafter.

scum and villainy
what's this?
am i missing some context
yeah but why was she curtseying me.
Can I get put on the list?
uhhh
am guessing your GMing style's closer to Anti's than Pink's, yeah?
nah, that's boring. was going to use the fight
well I mean I've got Stray who's a miserable sadsack that has no spine, and Nachzehrer who's psycho ham, that I've played recently.
I guess I'll go with this one: 
it do be like that doe.
!roll 1d20+7
god fucking dammit.
That would be because it is.
I just put everybody on a list and rolled a dice to decide who got to be in San Perlita.
I did it for San Perlita so you don't have the insta-fill-up BS that pisses me off where whoever happened to be on when the game opens gets a slot. I say this as the dude who idles in here 24/7.
what are you thinking of specifically that you would want to do that
which trigger was hiero's?
wtf how could you not know you can romance the girls in that game
you should have known that you could romance the girls because you should have immediately tried to romance Virginia or you have pleb taste.
pleb
>dating damien
Vereornox
anyway turns out both the cases were canceled so I don't have jury duty
I got the summons but the cases were canceled
I don't speak French" lol I speak only Japanese and French so we are incapable of talking to each other.
we went there, spent like a fucking hour getting it explained to us, people 70+/with kids/financial hardship/etc getting excused, then and only then were both cases canceled.
no
sapping striker claws & s-blink teleport.
he didn't get to roll to seduce, I shot him too quick.
It's kind of sad, I'm probably one of the players most willing to fuck some dude for the drama of it, but it just wasn't happening for Coldhand x Nachzehrer.
I killed her teammate.
:D
Making what public?
How do you know, though? I took his body.
Argh! I just realized that if Mega publicizes my deal with Killhand then I'll look weak to my boss, and TGK will know I'm with the Silver Bullets!
I need that 50k doe. :crying emoji: :crying emoji: :crying emoji:
I'll just lie to TGK some more, I guess.
SOMA, I'm a Trump like Thalia except my power won't just randomly try to murder you. Want to team up?
You are not.
probably, spelt.
if you hit me with that power I would turn around and fuckpwn you with the most insanely powerful counterstrike you could possibly imagine.
make four powers, and pick four flaws and four perks that are viable for team play (so, e.g., no Ruin). randomly assign powers/perks/flaws, let them trade if they want.

kill 1 PC/major player per session
lol damn "She's perceptive, even if she's not too smart." You gonna just take that, Thal?
re: Teruzi's idea - what does the cape actually /do/?
as in, actively, as a PC, do
it's not a question of useful, it's an active versus passive question.
do they play fighters in D&D
Then if you're going with bow's, you going to roll another?
shooting lasers out of your eyes would be Blaster
It's multiple vision modes. Empathy read, zoom, life detection, movement detection. Plus a couple secondaries through the vial/Wing.
the ideal of helping me murder coldhand
>implying
I wish people would stop adding quotes from #parahumans because they're not actually funny, and, as I am the objective arbiter of what is and is not funny, I am aware of, and in fact determine, this fact.
That's not funny.
tubes disappeared in a puff of logic. rip. (at line 271)
spelt can you dial back the insane OOC overreactions to everything in game just a tad please
this is exactly what i'm talking about duder.
you leap to the most ridiculously negative conclusions, like that 'bow is going to instantly attack you and utterly destroy you in one blow. has it ever been accurate.
No, he said bloodly.
You have this really strong tendency to overreact to anything that might be a threat long before you have any real idea about it, going with the most over the top interpretation possible, then starting to throw a massive pity party for yourself.
Are you?
Ignore is for cowards.
If I generate and shape frost armor, is that Changer or Brute?
holy crap I think Horizon from Anchorage took the exact same vial as me.
Windy and Rainbow Brite are both new guys.
_seen lightningsteps
rip
not quite, but extremely similar.
anybody up for power gen?
Me, a quest I might run in the not-too-distant-future.
anyone else? no offense to thal
new
$used 159
Oh, that's nice, actually. Striker power in the sense of Omnigrade or Zulfiqar, enhancing object's characteristics?
pcs in anti's games
Me.
Hmm? Not sure I understand that, Anti.
yeah
(@anti)
Runs into problems of being useless against normals, W^3.
Vereornox, teruzi is here.
Idea: Touches objects and people, granting boons that are more esoterically connected than concrete enhancements. An enhanced shield is more likely to have a repulsive or mirroring effect than raw durability, a sword is more likely to shove or burn opponents than to cut them more effectively. For humans and parahumans, grants low-level powers - may be secondary two steps away (Wing/Sweep/etc) or an odd elemental enhancement. Thoughts?
it's $used 159
Oh, yeah, that's what I was thinking in terms of elemental enhancement - a Brute's strikes now impart enhanced gravitational force to those hit, or something.
Am trying to decide if there should be a debuff element after the enhancement period, and if so, what?
It enhances weapons, equipment.
Sure.
Can do mechanical polish on my own, if necessary.
"Faultline" negative effect? Creates an undetected weak point that gradually grows in strength/power with repeated uses? Swords suddenly shatter out of nowhere, people are more vulnerable to social attacks and suffer greater effects when they do get them?
It's more interesting to have to weight whether/when to use it, if you should tell people about how it may fuck them up down the line.
Everything, 24/7.
Slowed recovery from injuries sustained, more likely to scar, exacerbates preexisting illnesses/wounds/allergies/etc?
Touches objects and people, granting unpredictable positive effects to core function. For objects, grants complementary bonuses but not raw enhancements. For humans and parahumans, grants low-level power - for parahumans, will be complementary effect or minor secondary power thematically linked to the core power. Objects enhanced eventually break suddenly as mild stress builds up, exacerbates long-term effects of wounds and illness in humans.
San Josafat Quest.
@bow's question.
@spelt: maaaybe hybrid. If I feel like a) GMing on here, and b) not just parallel universe'ing it for simplicity's sake
yeah imagine if I needed to have an IRC PC and the quest PC in the same room. urgh.
No, Saff!
Think of what kinds of diseases they might have!
[what Pinkhair said, sarcastically, like how Pinkhair said it]
Am trying to figure out a good "mushy body" Changer power (versus dual forms).
#WDSupers2016
Thoughts on this as a PC power? "Can flatten body, pressing up against/along walls, ground, and other surfaces, creeping along them and mimicking their qualities (including texture, color, and durability). Given time, can seep through/past non-airtight objects, and can wrap around people to take physical control of their bodies."
Changer/Stranger
minor Master
physical control in the sense of moving arms, can't make them talk or w/e.
AIDS.
propaganda fliers.
finally someone rolls lower than me
shockodile is taken tho
He dug his own grave.
no re
don't think Wilbdow is in #blushyplayground
!search that character
Alright, here's what I'd do with that character: Never play them because nobody actually runs games here. (at line 331)
Bloody Hand.
I haven't even given him to TGK yet, calm your tits.
his corpse is currently resting in my motel bathroom.
no, I did not have sex with him.
He did.
Apparently it suggested you had not read Worm?
are prt directors allowed to be married to their team heads
seems like a serious conflict of interest
is ambiguous, yeah
you know what happens at the end of arc 26, then?
Hey, curious for opinions on these powers, best/worst of the list, any you think are complete poo/god tier, or ranking if you're willing to take the time for it. For those who saw it last time, I removed Blademaster, added Husk, Lacquer, Ripple, Rose, and Stalker, and substantively rewrote Kruos. 
Forced how?
It was not.
Were few Blaster/Movers, decided to do a multitrigger deal. Originally had them fire the balls, but felt like placing them in air/pushing them with power was more interesting.
City recovering from Endbringer attack, PRT isn't back in yet, one major gang with its fingers in everything and a bunch of little villains that use the place as a base of operations for elsewhere.
was planning on having that be part of chargen vote, alignment. Would be either newcomer to the city or low-flier.
or local new trigger
Probably not, soulpelt. Problem would be that I run hours-long sessions style quests. If I did that, I would need to know that every single one of my players was available [Monday/Wednesday at 2 PM CST or whatever time], every week, and just... not going to happen.
Sundancer is immune to fire effects, as seen in the Lung fight.
Start?
and what happened to Villains 4313-8277?
->
the power to be a pain in my ass even when she's helping me murder someone.
That was me being nice, Saff.
I was actively trying not to be too disruptive when I said that, while remaining true to the character.
one of the bullet points on her character sheet amounts to "don't call her short or she'll wreck you"
tell them this is where you live.
what's awkward about this
"I'm not going to let you film someone, not because murder is wrong or because I don't just kill people for shits and giggles, but for the PR."
*film me killing someone
That will teach you for trying to talk to this guy.
guys like this need to be ruthlessly clowned on and humiliated constantly until they learn their place.
I'd jump around like a badass ninja.
You do.
God. You are making me look bad by extension.
I can't believe you just told him you were planning to kill somebody.
Tell it to the judge.
I didn't kill anyone... yet.
Killhand is melting down, while Coldhand is cool as a cucumber.
she didn't drink her whole vial. p sure that's why she kept triggering the vision. think there's wog to that effect.
Like... one? Maybe?
does it seem to take half a minute for people to recover from a trigger vision, when we see it in MM's interlude or with Scrub?
he's not wrong
why
yeah, for like, three seconds. not multiple rounds.
He knocked the suit out the window but his dad stopped him.
How would that be Know.
If the shard is wired into her brain then she'd just know it and not need to roll Know. If it's not wired enough to tell her then there's no reason to roll know.
Also, I'm pretty sure trigger visions stun you for about as long as they stun other people.
pretty sure she was also yelling to get off her and trying to squirm away
It would have been badass if his dad had saved his mom and just let Nordmann drop.
"Ah, whoops. Bad reflexes. Sorry."
The opportunity was for him to trigger before his mom and dad were in the room so he could just murk Nordmann before they could get there.
she didn't, like, use her powers though.
they didn't have the same powers as the original
his power is uncontrolled
in Cleveland, not in Lausanne.
who cares. he wasn't going to manage it anyway unless he pulled off some real fancy stylings.
Mega has not had a session in Lausanne. I'm not sure if he's even spoken to Wildbow regarding his milestones.
@iridium248
murder vigilante; take down villains (3 normal or one mega); get a position in Lausanne legal system.
I kill who I like and I like who I kill.

She's making me look bad by extension.
because she's an insane retard and I dealt with her.
aren't you publicizing that she told me all about Coldhand and shit
git gud
it's called prewriting, spelt. Get on my level.
That's exactly what I am implying.
"pretty sure"?
Owned.
yes
It helps the GM to have an idea on ways to push your character hither and thither.
@Scrags: it lets the GM know which directions you're liable to go and how to get you in a place that serves the broader story/party/etc. Rather than just getting to watch you go ham on a random part of the setting and then trying to compensate.
also the only reason you like my GMing style is because I'm a massive baby/pushover.
Did I tell you about the time I was QMing on 4chan, and the players stood in front of a pyrokinetic who started burning their clothes, so they took their clothes off? I'm a massive pushover E-Z Mode GM/QM.
A year and change ago, I think. And no, just the opposite.
It stops at 100.
Do you think Wormverse insurance includes Act of Endbringer?
didn't somebody have a question for bow? onitan, I think?
good ERP make a bitch throw down in the kitchen.
they're censored
iirc he's a prt cape rolling in to fix Mendez's fuckups.
Teller's not here right now, Vaklav.
If you've got any logs of you RPing you'd like to use to show how you RP, get your hands on one to give him.
reaper babies are giant three-eyed terminators, as Mass Effect 2 taught us.
owned.
That's his secret, Xtree: He's always in there.
_seen lightningsteps
May want to consider what to do if ls is a no-show.
@Lexicon: we were talking about how lightningsteps, your partner in Lausanne, has vanished from chat for almost two weeks now.
Vaklav, I think, wanted to join Sicol Bend?
"I think," I say, despite having scrolled through my logs to ascertain it.
with a computer, presumably
Teller's
Sicol Bend or w/e.
goo.gl/QTj0h9
I don't want to hear that shit from you, mister 14.
$power flaw 63
...trapping people with a single touch is a Mover power primarily?
well. I guess.
I would've taken a page from 'bow's suggestion, very small chance the bubble lasts weeks or more (could do forever, even!) and can't be popped. Means you stick somebody in it and woops they're stuck there until they starve to death.
anyway he already picked
another reason a hero might recruit useless fuckheads.
"Hey! Who wants to get high on coke?!" Instant recruitment of useless fuckheads.
he already does coke
"afford" doesn't matter.
Mmm, yeah, that's totally what crackheads do in order to try to get their next hit.
_seen Vulstag
Some have more variation than others, oni. e.g. Trump includes power swapping, gifting, stealing, Thinker includes both application/combat and information/cognitive, Shaker includes grenadiers, mine-layers, and aura-types.
The powers I made for my quest were designed to cover most bases and be interesting to play. I could give you those.
Heirloom probably wouldn't work in this context, though. Not sure how you'd handle Tinkers.
Tinkers don't work in combat time.
AoE effect applied at range
RIP to old TF2 when it was good.
Eww, mobas.
Stalker and Heirloom probably wouldn't quite work in this context, but: 
have more mechanized versions if you want
force wall him in.
it happens in canon
wtf
the best part of an rpg is filling out your character sheet.
cry some more miss 18.
Welcome to my hell.
Fourth. Anti, me, Yumgar.
Dolyn - when would you be up for San Perlita, and is your goal still to corner the drug market?
Mmm. This coming Tuesday, 2 PM CST work for you, Dolyn?
Hmm.
then 6 PM CST Tuesday work for you?
it's a date then
You were fine, at least for a one-shot. Not sure how I'd handle you in a longer campaign, but I don't think it'd be particularly harder, with my style.
"'my hands shoot lightning' [...] the power is impressive"
lol
Would you have said the same thing if I'd tried to join up with 'I punch good'?
It's just a Mod Shock. Chillaxe m8.

most of the detail generator is dedicated to that stuff. only peripheral isn't. cauldron is halfsies, got some power ideas.
What was the delay on Mystery Blaster's shots? A round? Two?
Hmm?
NPC powers follow different guidelines than PC ones, imo. A good chunk of the Detail Gen's stuff I wouldn't give a PC without serious modifications (some works). It's kind of like how 4e treats player characters and NPCs differently in combat, because if you're a PC you have to play the exact same character every fight for the entire campaign, whereas the GM mixes things up and manages multiple characters simultaneously.
it was good. rip.
But I can make your life here hell enough." >implying this would in any way dissuade Scrags from his course of action.
@onitan: I made an NPC sheet that's designed to minimize space. Would be pretty easy to edit for your arena thing.

why do people use a wide variety of obscure slang words to refer to illegal drugs. it's weird.
I love that doujin!
which is?
magic transgender thing.
@pink: Bokura no Hentai
p sure
White Knight (I think): 
What would be a good 'theme' for this power? "Generates and shapes [elemental] armor and weapons, with [elementally-themed] debuff Striker effect. However, power refuses to activate above a very low baseline until the parahuman is aware of at least one hostile in the immediate area. Strength of armor, weapons, debuff, scales up slowly over time once parahuman knows of hostile(s), more quickly on successful strikes and taking down oppone
nts."
No, not that kind of elemental, Firlz.
Was thinking weapons as extension of the armor - spiked gauntlets, Protoss Zealot-type blades, etc.
rip
that cannot happen to me thanks to the fact that I use hexchat. owned.
he just dc'd like an hour and a half ago
I would've gone with personal equipment Tinker, focus on utility/skill tech.
@Zeikos: these are the new Cauldron vials: 
he dc'd just a couple hours ago after being on this morning
re: berserker
how do Tinker powers misfire?
that's not whenever he rolls a 1 though
like, she's hanging around the house and rolls a 1 on Social and then whoops light lasers out her bum?
$trigger 51
Madison?
Is this character for Madison?
$claim 51 Madison [Vulstag]
Tinker .7, Master .2, Stranger .1?
distraction is also Stranger
$tinker .7
$master .2
$stranger .1
oh, btw, Teller, could you make it so that just $stranger doesn't increment, you have to actually put a number? People keep accidentally $striker instead of $npc striker.
It's not started yet.
btw, if anybody cares about that Worm quest I was vetting powers in here for, it's starting: 
fuck I was about to say that
or drugs.
lol @ Lausanne.
lol @ "Virtually none of that happens"
1d100? Oh, hahaha.
Please tell me that 1d100 was you rolling for ls second triggering in the wake of this betrayal.
lol at trying to win by frenzying him so he can't stop beating you to death.
except that the guy, in his attempt to not get wailed on, cast a magic spell to make Norton wail on him even harder.
and then you frenzied the javelin dude
And, again, lol at "virtually none of that happens"
That's what you get for trusting him. He betrayed you once before, you should've known he'd do it again.
No, pretty sure we're just married.
I don't.
Menagerie.
I have, dunno about Mega.
Oh, session. Thought you said discussion for some reason.
No session.
Yeah.
I did not get any mutations, despite having a 75% chance of minor mutations.
I assume I do the intelligence gathering and support and he does the smashing, given our powers.
it lets you register channels
yeah. lets you get op privileges.
Yes?
okay. themes, rather than categories, please?
evil-Eidolon says he's a Cauldron cape
Breaker state, produces afterimages, afterimages amplify attacks on stationary/pinned/etc targets, applies deleterious effect on hits but exhausts afterimages in the process.
I think the power Panda has described is extremely passive.
you mean the trigger?
I don't care if the triggeree is passive. It's a PC, they need a power that actually involves the player in some kind of decision making process.
Forever.
It's always an issue when you play the game by just sitting there while your power solves all the problems and you, the player, just twiddle your thumbs with no investment or choices.
It's problematic because it's passive and passive powers are not fun.
You didn't actually play Periastron!!!
Breaker state, produces afterimages, afterimages amplify attacks on stationary/pinned/etc targets, applies deleterious effect on hits but exhausts afterimages in the process.
No, just a placeholder.
as in, I said, "deleterious effect on hits" with the intent of coming up with something thematically tied to the trigger
Parahuman moves, afterimages follow in wake. Parahuman punches, afterimages punch. Applies deleterious effect, last afterimage in line vanishes.
more Striker, not much in the way of defense.
@Ace: Afterimages are created when you enter Breaker state. While you move in Breaker state, they follow. Maybe when you get hit, first in line vanishes/is replaced. When you run out out afterimages you're forced out of Breaker state.
I was thinking there's a static number of afterimages that appear when power is activated that are exhausted over the course of the power's use, but it's fine to take a different direction as you like.
They look different and hits get absorbed into their afterimages (?) and they have a bunch of afterimages.
yeah cause he turned into a laser
are we keeping the deleterious effect tags and if so what is it
Parahuman enters Breaker state, appearing as a flickering figure with nine afterimages. When the parahuman attacks, afterimages attack in wake, enhancing raw effect of attacks (especially on targets that cannot dodge). Hits can be enhanced to exhaust targets, but must 'spend' all afterimages to do so. Otherwise, spends 1 afterimage per hit, and when hit, automatically 'swaps' with next afterimage in line, effectively losing 1 afterimage.
That about right?
ten lives though.
Luminifera: please roll Luck.
ouch.
Breaker state has some negative effect on senses, monochrome/low framerate makes it generally harder to see stuff.
okay wait are we arguing colorblindness is appropriate for Subruo here
Subruo seems like something you handle in play - would just go with Breaker afterimages sometimes reappear well after the fact at the worst times in the worst places.
Power leaves them exhausted in wake of running out of afterimages?
Seems to make it so you just jam it as soon as you run out? Or am I missing something.
breaker, striker, brute. no real Master component, afterimages just act as aesthetics.
what's the name of the game
not yours, panda's
It's a tiny reward for a serious risk
I'm assuming that Panda doesn't mean that and I'm missing something, since he said Yes earlier when I asked as much.
$claim 28 Panda's Game [Luminifera]
it's definitely more Breaker than anything else
I'd say .7/.1/.2.
for Breakers/Tinkers, try to bias numbers towards Breaker/Tinker since otherwise they'll seem to never get incremented.
$breaker .7
$brute .2 
$striker .1
Yes, Twong.
It's about twelve seconds total.
but don't get too attached to that number, it's an abstract unit of time.
it feels like there's little motive to drop out of Breaker state prematurely, then.
9 charges is a lot, Shem.
Combats generally last only a few rounds.
e.g. the fight in Lausanne lasted like 3 rounds.
a minute is five rounds, which is, yeah, a lifetime. if you can get a minute's breath you're hiding in a hole or have escaped.
I think nine images is plenty, and a long cooldown is fine for it. Made a similar Breaker state and ballparked it around the same place, maybe a little below (not quite 1:1 expenditures).
yeah but then you have to go through multiple links to find it
Changer, forms cancerous lumpy shell around self, grants defensive bonuses and strength. On being hit with an enemy power, gets a new growth, can detonate growth to create close-range explosive effect themed after their power.
mrah. stop getting caught up in the exact categories, it makes shitty powers.
sure
definitely was the case
arguing about 1/2/8/73 isn't going to make a good power though
it has, and it sucks, and makes crappy powers.
"Shoots orbs can see through orbs" that I didn't fucking roll my eyes at.
it's CG's.
_seen Mishie
rip.
somebody type up the frickin power summary
a ferrari
a pickup
a smart car
Teller, did you see my thing earlier about making it so that $striker doesn't increment, only $striker 1 does?
people keep accidentally doing $breaker instead of $npc breaker
inb4 homeless life flaw

okay. double intensity or normal?
I'd go with normal, just want to make sure people are in agreement.
oh yeah
what're the ratings?
$claim 89 Madison [Hierophant]
what happens for the Changer-ness
doesn't seem super high Changer. just black skin and some little needles?
well he said flat back but I assume that was a typo.
trump .3/changer .4/striker .2/brute .1?
same difference
$trump .3
$changer .4
$striker .2
$brute .1
no
Actually, a) it has glowing cilia, and b) flat black isn't very good at hiding in the shadows, creates an obvious silhouette.
don't think so.
Widower.
Widowmaker.
pls don't encourage spelting tuzi.
I have a PC power for something else that I'm not quite sure about (balance/fun elements). would people mind taking a look and giving commentary?
Breaker state is an intangible holographic form with hard light spear. Holograph body can temporarily blind opponents by attacking face/eyes. Can interact with spear normally, and spear is solid, with Striker effect that eats away at whatever it touches (parahuman excepted) and producing ashy smoke.
The parahuman must stay within a short distance of the spear while in Breaker state, and if the spear is broken, the Breaker state ends and they take damage.
versus NPC powers
Spear acts as focus, idea is that there's weighing between keeping it close and maintaining full offensive suite or trying to hide it (but it disintegrates stuff and produces smoke so it's not subtle) and being effectively invulnerable and able to fuck up people at will.
Because he's intangible?
they can hit the spear because it's right there
put it on the ground
stick it on a roof
it's a fairly big radius
problem is if you do that then it's just shanking dudes and hoping they don't figure out to attack your spear instead of you
you can touch the spear
and shank people with it
Hmm. Thanks for being the rubber duckies for the power. Don't think I like it, on reflection - "hide the weakpoint" is too much of an NPC power.
where on the level between functional and nonfunctional alcoholic do you fall when you can't stop telling everyone on the internet that you're drinking too much.
stop drinking shit you're allergic to dude
at least 60 of your bans
why do you give a fuck if your channels have been jacked dude.
"jacked" in the loosest possible sense
"squatted"
no it isn't
it's the same
they can already do that
nobody does it because it's rude and obnoxious, not out of fear of your tiny tyranny. besides you could complain to actual ops if somebody didn't knock it off
I'm melting down because I missed logs for all your games because you keep changing the fucking channel because I'm idling in it so I can get logs.
stop adding shitty quotes from #parahumans
it's general, not just at you
gah
it doesn't happen
Your power isn't actually a dagger anyway.
Should be Fire and Forget.
You fire bolts.
like from a gun.
you're Fire, Mish is Forget.
looks good to me
list isn't full
$trigger 97
oh, that's the last one, durr.
math major who doesn't know how to count here.
$trigger 98
if there are ONE HUNDRED triggers, and THREE are used, how many triggers are there? Apparently I think the answer is 96.
looks fine to me
sure
 @ bottom
that, but every channel.
Okay, I've been trying to figure out how to phrase this power so that it's short and clear. It's not very complicated, in my head, but whenever I try to write it down it feels like it's going to be jumbled and hard to understand. Could you guys tell me if I'm right or wrong?
"Breaker state is intangible (holographic) when unobserved. When observed, they begin to form a hard light shell, which lets them attack and be attacked, and removes their ability to pass through solid objects. Parahuman's owns attacks in this form cause bits of the shell to flake off and congeal on the target, reducing the shell by a step and slowing the target. Damage done to shell passes through to true form and reduces the shell by 
a step."
no i tossed out the spear idea
did the # of characters you can put in a post change
I used to be able to make a message that was 453 characters, now the limit is 444 for some reason.
I could do some theme other than holographic/hard light, sure.
#parahumans is the off-topic section of weaver dice
who gives a shit what the server's called.
it used to be called darklordpotter
yeah. holistic power balancing is a lot easier when you're not the person who has to play it.
Dex/Ath is to separate offense/defense elements of D&D Dexterity which result in it being a god-stat. Guts is the meta-stat for all 'keep going' shit, not necessarily constitution per se.
stamina is tied to Ath, not Guts
you miss 100% of the shots you don't take, and 100% of the campaigns you aren't there to join when they open.
what's the word for trying not to process someone's words. zone them out?
way to ask the question after he's left and can neither see it nor respond
It turned out really well.
By asphyxiating him then crushing his throat.
owned
what power was this
I don't think it was.
which draft
yeah I never spitefucked other players in New Haven
What did Quartermaster do?
rip to those who died
spelt's power
quartermaster
he /can/
why will they lose their shit about it. lots of sf/f authors have gmed.
who had the obsessive master/striker power
why
it's not so unclear that it reads like they spent half a minute gawking
Hypothetical: a Master power applied via touch. What's the ratio of Striker/Master points it should be given for incrementation?
mind control
is close-range (~15') shotgun spray Shaker, Blaster, or Striker?
is AoE though
well i mean vidya shotgun. except worse.
does it
a cone can't be an AoE?
what if, when it hits ground, causes terrain hazard
yeah it does damage
"close-range “shotgun” effect of materials, coating the ground or damaging opponents, with elemental effect appended."
you ruin this, you try to stop him from doing coke,
What would you do for a Shaker/Master PC power where the Shaker power summons/generates minions?
this is me being a brokebrain. but yes.
more like... parahuman marks space, visual effect, wait a round, Minion slams into earth from space. Parahuman starts summoning minion, minion phases in, slowing those caught within, then damaging them if they're still within its new body when it fully arrives.
"Spray from hands coats area with “red ice,” rendering terrain slippery and hard to navigate and reducing mobility of people hit. Fully engulfing a living being in the effect will turn them into a durable but slow-moving minion that ignores effect of red ice terrain. Red ice is room temperature and evaporates completely within a few minutes."?
was thinking of Clay a bit
just trying to round out a list of powers with a Shaker/Master power. will work backwards from power.
holy crap you can get rid of the massive page eating chunks at the top and bottom of a page in gdocs
in page set-up, there's a margin option, you can reduce the top/bottom margin to 0
what does leader of the keepers even mean
are you baseline, parahuman? corporate, civil, private?
no.
rip +4 to hit
and power bonuses
welcome to #weaverdice
how is detroit not active
Anyway. Anybody up for a power gen?
yeah
it's already up m8
@anti:  - they're playing a 14yo Japanese immigrant with the shadow manipulator/teleport powerset who goes around looting abandoned buildings.
Just when you think your older brother can't fuck you over any harder, he finds a way. He's an eternal burnout and all-around fucktard, but he's outdone himself this time, by an enormous margin. It turns out he's a villain, a Brute who accretes an armor shell that he can use as armor or to blast enemies. The idiot got in a long running chase, and for some godforsaken reason he decided to come home, using you as a human shield.
Half a dozen heroes have the house surrounded, now, and he's dragging you around like a limp noodle, holding you between himself and them. Finally, one of them thinks they have the shot, and they take it, a Blaster power lancing through your chest, causing you agonizing pain as you collapse to the ground, dying. Trigger.

it's in autocomplete when i write the word "trump"
it's the big chunky post i made at 42:08
You did?
I would definitely not use my younger brother as a human shield to stop the heroes from taking me down.
wall of capes just got 10ft higher
core power is X, append effect Y via Trump.
they can slap people
you roll a dice, add bonuses, try to beat target score
looks like it's petered out.
not really
am having a little trouble following it
oh, haha, my "not really" was to W^3, not olive
feels too passive.
also straight nullifying powers are kinda boring. basically end a cape fight before it starts.
Enemy is pyrokinetic, you get flame armor and immunity to flames?
that's still passive though.
There are no local Wards because GMing PRT capes in San Josafat made me want to die.
I would probably demur from giving a PC Crawler's power.
he does have acid spit and stuff but
Hmm.
Go ahead and be excessive in categories.
he got shot
he's a second gen bud off another cape who is a Brute/Blaster!
Am thinking on it.
You did this to yourself.
no luck
brute/mover scale-up brute powers but no defenses, teleportation instead
quest.
am not really sure about it. keep trying to figure out a brute/trump power that I like that isn't Nachzehrer, Ghoul, or Hatchet Face.

Nachzehrer is my Cleveland cape, adaptive Trump who mimics attacks she's hit with to lash out herself or protect herself from them. Ghoul is the MC of my previous Worm quest, San Josafat, who ate people and monsters and got bio-themed variants on the powers of the ones he ate.
nah.

wings like a hussar
It's an interesting direction. I was thinking of maybe going with shades of Changer in how the armor manifested, earlier.
@Califa Changer in the sense of shaped armor shell, for effects.
Awkwad?
*Awkward?
Or... awesome?
most guys don't process lesbianism as ntr
or maybe the do. idk.
*they
the real tragedy of cleveland is that you fucked up and got me recorded and now the cops are going to bust into the motel while Coldhand's corpse is in the bathroom and we all gonna get fucked.
I put ice in there with him.
I have to wait for TGK to get back.
my peeps are getting drunk
Would prefer tomorrow, Anti.
he harassed the psycho spree killer in her hospital bed?
I hate Christmas.
and then loudly shouted that you were there to kill a hobo.
it's best to start with good branding and move up into it than start with bad branding and struggle to break free
riphand
rendhand
rakehand
clawhand
let me see if I can nab the Lausanne draft/gen.
lausanne was a blind draft and we mostly do that nowadays so it doesn't read that interestingly
@osco:  will get power gens shortly
@osco: 
@osco: and the other three gens from lausanne + my cauldron app because it was wedged between two anyway  , 
yeah
would probably have done something different for my cauldron app if marrying Mega had occurred to me before, but, welp.
idk you killed your teammate to get that milestone.
probably not as doomed
he had more than one power, though, Vern.
I have many different powers. *enrages person currently beating me to death, then also enrages his buddy*
who could have seen this coming
Canada delenda est.
I'm free on Saturday, bow.
have a regular game on Sunday.
from, ahh, generally 2-8 PM CST.
I mean it's on roll20 so I could theoretically do both but...
or one shots, npcs, etc.
changer, blaster, mover.
they're a physical threat further than arm's reach
I guess they could be closer than. Doesn't really read that way.
They aren't punching at this second.
it can be social roles being forced into
it can be other people trying to force you into an unwanted role
they aren't an emotional threat
Okay, Words. Are they hitting you right now? No. You ran away to the door, which you are trying to open without being punched, and they are APPROACHING you.
Power provides stealth effect that renders parahuman immobile; on exiting effect, grants enhanced speed, boosting melee damage and movement speed for a brief period.
don't start the character sheet before rolling the trigger
btw, does anyone mind giving me advice about what to prepare in advance for a WD campaign?" Running or playing?
don't let the players be PRT
go ahead and roll
they suck and I hate them!!!
for real though it's an issue of how WD campaigns go, they tend to be a lot of one-on-one sessions, you need players to be proactive, set their own agenda, give you something to react to, PRT capes have a tendency to, err, not do that.
it's $used
it's just $used
no, it's just really short and the author didn't include "trigger"
striker, brute, maybe blaster, mover, breaker.
i said maybe I don't want you to bitch about my maybes.
Am thinking personal force field, attacks apply effect via force field.
just edit it to "Will you have sex with me?"
longinus is a guy in cleveland who's a chump
I find the Lausanne sessions where PCs die to be generally dull because 'bow only kills people for being... well... dumb.
not really
watching someone blunder into the cape scene and then blunder out of it in a bodybag is only entertaining once or twice
Bow kill list: Abattoir, Dune, Archival, [Citizen], Aura, [Apex], Mystery Blaster, Brown Note. Who else?
what about characters like Feint who are disconnected from people because of severe personality problems
Is it?
scrags' cape from Anchorage. rip.
Oh, maybe he's counting Periastron?
This parahuman discovered one weird trick to keep working your old job. Shards HATE him!
This parahuman discovered one weird trick to keep working your old job. Shards HATE him!
to avoid wasting triggers on NPCs, one-shot characters, etc.
They're shooting at them because of events that were not described in the trigger that are not relevant to being shot.
would put it up to the player, fursonally.
Oh, hmm. Gives me a thought.
1
Blaster power fires projectiles which detonate to create darkness effect in very small AoE; cloying, sticky black smoke that lasts a short time. Hitting people, slows, chokes, hitting environment, creates deleterious smog. Hitting smoke effect a second time enhances effect, making smoke corrosive.
could mix flight in, sure.
they can fly through their own smoke with no deleterious effect
or walk through it
Is it?
what
Okay. Sticky black smog effect that was supposed to be Brute, Changer, or Striker.
It fits the power flaw that is about a power that didn't fit the trigger.
IT WOULDN'T
fits trigger, yeah
argument is more re: Reus
PF77
blaster .6/mover .4
nah
it's tiny AoE
The shard is actively malicious and intelligent. Just come up with something on your own and screw Asta with it.
It is actively malicious and intelligent. Cloying smog returns, spreading like wildfire. Trail suddenly belches massive corrosive jet at the worst time, splattering people with them. Etc.
blaster .6/mover .3/shaker .1
Oh, Dashy has function that can be used for new skill dice pool" It's sorted, though. Means if you fuck up and make your dicepool too big you have to reroll entirely.
'bow was asking after your schedule
this Sunday?
Fursonally, I think Citizen was worse because he actively made the other guy kill him.
Yes?
oh, ace. uhh, think bow wanted to see if you were free this weekend
dune was ground-only, right?
no, no one plays Weaver Dice anymore, we all just hang out here for shits and giggles.
"Wildbo:  ?" Why would you try to do this to someone.
a) I complain about Pathfinder, and b) yes.
No.
so you can only gain charges via specializations?

"Direction I'm thinking"
just use the morale system but for karma. bam.
so what. it's a game mechanic that provides generalized and extreme (but not insurmountable) superiority for one actor over another.
BOO
HOO
original gangster
tbh, I did find it frustrating to have it set up so that you find out your roll, which is bad, and then you just get to sit there and watch everybody else beat your roll, so you lose over and over again constantly.
give everybody ten tickets, give them bonus tickets with the +s, then roll off a list for who wins.
what was your roll again
bitch
I bet it wasn't a 1
No.
RNG happens, yes. I am fine with losing. There is a difference between, e.g., a system like the one in Cleveland or San Perlita where you get rolled or you don't and you find out at precisely one point and then that's it, and one where your location in turn order is constantly being altered to be further and further down the line.
not enough to have her kill one campaign, eh?
he's prolly still sick
did gritslinger's projectiles do anything beyond making him spider-man?
was there a razorwire blaster in Anchorage?
Hmm.
stay on all day 24/7 like the pros if you want the link

on collision or as razorwire?
or both?
is it possible for a Tinker trigger to reach fruition during an Endbringer attack?
goblins respects trength
Trying to come up with a good 'elemental' theme for this power. Ideas? "Power allows the parahuman to enter a strong stealth effect, but parahuman is effectively immobile while doing so. When the stealth effect is broken, parahuman gains a brief boon to speed and melee power."
telling the gm what you're thinking and why you're doing something IC is helpful.
d&d does suck though
I'm so sorry.
You should probably kill him.
Pathfinder, okay
4e? Probably not, less bullshit, clearer and crisper chargen. but 3.0 versus 3.5???
[in a sarcastic voice] Try Exalted 3e.
3.5 is like a system designed for me to hate it. I hate hate hate hate bonus fishing which is the core of 3.5's chargen system.
if you make your implement, like, a wristwatch, what happens when it's battery dies?
*its
hey, spelt, you've got a lot of Brutes, right? which one had your favorite power?
I'm now neurotically seeing how many parahumans I can make that have PC-type powers and avoid much in the way of thematic overlap.
in Brutes or in general?
With Brutes, there's a Warrior Tinker with heavy armor; an Alexandria package whose force field detonates to enable flight; an alternate form Changer who makes and wears an armor shell; a swirling armor shell Brute that can turn it into a vortex to make AoE damage and fire long-range attacks but at cost of mobility and durability; and a Breaker whose alternate form has excessive health but burns health by moving fast/dodging/attacking.
it depends
$breaker
$breaker -1
make sure you do $npc [x], not $[x]
and it will be fine
do NOT register NPCs
it doesn't increment any counter. people keep accidentally typing $breaker when they mean $npc breaker
which is bad
because npcs should not be incremented for
use and drop bits as you like
major A and B are generally part of the same strike.
it's in the old rulebook
that really does not sound right. wpm is not really the limiter on coding speed.
you're a very pretty robot girl
or metal man
or magma lady
or bug boy
Anti is the PRT director?
Great to hear that Anti is the new PRT Director.
what's there to joke about? you're the PRT director.
How does Signet (Cauldron vial) work in play? I'm having a tough time grasping what sort of mechanics you use for a TotM/battlemap implementation of that power.
each round pick direction, aim it, auto-blocks attacks from that direction and can change directions on block?
Theatre of the Mind
basically how most WD sessions are played
Oh, that Ganurath.
It was supposed to be something other than Mover or Blaster, such as Brute, Changer, or Striker.
Reus and its siblings are intended to work for any power. Whatever power it was supposed to generate, it generated something else instead. If you are a Master and get Apocrypha your shard was supposed to be Tinker or Thinker, etc.
It was written before the milestone system came into play.
pretty much the only way to remove flaws?
power flaws, anyway.
you can get rid of homelessness by buying a house
You don't. That's the point.
it's a trigger about a breakdown in restraint and desire to perform violence.
lol
would say it'd be better to put that it PC hands
I don't think we do.
Brutal melee powersuit, fed from battery, "overdrive" technology allows stepping outside core theme to touch on other ideas, but burns out battery superfast.
needs an actual specialty, spelt.
$tinker -1
wait for a summory
*summary
Sure.
curling up in a crevice to die factor in at all?
Opposed elements. Breaker core has a heat/fire elemental effect, hot to the touch. Breaks off parts as motes, which have the opposite elemental effect, frost/cold, forming a whirlwind around the parahuman they can direct. Costs mobility the more flakes break off.
oh, did Panda's get incremented for/claimed?
$claim 96 Sicol Bend [Panda]
Tinker .8/Brute .1/Blaster .1?
$tinker .7
$brute .1
$blaster .2
could do different elements - light/dark, earth/wind, or similar.
$classes
or on the trigger sheet.
my only real concern with hot/cold is that it's edging on Cryopyro a bit, but he never actually got played so w/e.
earth/wind fits well enough. they're crawling into a hole, presumably the wind was harsh/cold.
paradoxical undressing people sometimes crawl into hidey holes, ob.
Adorjan
silent wind from exalted. thousand cuts
lets gm know you're there
people are immune to their own element
it's definitely not power.
that'd be versatility if it's not QoL
roll 2d8
do we just pick something rather than rolling for bodypart?
also "minor" isn't a term that the rulebook uses.
everybody keeps adding meh quotes. it's quote inflation and it needs to stop.
except the new thing
breaker .7/shaker .3?
$claim 84 Sicol Bend [OliveBirdy]
if you do .5/.5 for Breakers then them and Tinkers will wind up lagging behind hard.
does it? I mean, you could say it's Blaster too.
or Master, or Stranger.
It's for making new triggers as much as anything else.
and jesus you're still sour about that one
Hmm. Does the Breaker state take wounds normally?
so it's just normal human but for the alternating heat/cold?
If there's no "Breaker" effect beyond being a source for Shaker, then sure, .5/.5
is night brute .7/breaker .3, because breaker's just the mechanism?
There are basically three kinds of powers: pure X (e.g. skill modality Thinker), primary category with sub-classes (almost all Breakers and Tinkers, some Changers), and mixed (e.g. a Blaster who does Shaker).
No, it's setting the numbers in such a way that it produces an appropriate number.
If Breakers get to constantly be .3 then there'll be like three times as many Breakers
Legend would be a sub-Breaker with something under .5 since it's a relatively minor part of his power.
There's an issue of how to produce a system that makes roughly "equivalent" #s of a given class. Out of 23 capes, should there be 2 Breakers? 3? 4? 7?
I'd peg 3-4 at about the right number, personally.
If the numbers are wrong then one class will APPEAR to go way over the other classes but not TRULY go way over the other classes.
pretty much every class (except maybe Trump) will wind up being part of >12 categories since capes are often multi-category.
part of >1/12 of capes, rather.
sure
I saw the link before.
I think always incrementing Breaker by one will result in too few Breakers, relative to other categories. Especially when you get into capes where the Breaker is 'strong' versus ones where it's 'weak' - someone like Wanton would earn a higher Breaker rating than someone like Night who would earn a higher one than someone like Legend.
sure
those are threat ratings, we're talking about how to handle classes.
so
does Skitter get a Tinker or Brute rating
if we were generating her.
yes. master .8/thinker .2 or something like that.
$breaker .5
$shaker .5
Tinker.
oh, Changer.
Yes.
Changer is not body image only! Fuck!
brute, even, from bloody bleach.
used 256 was genned as a Changer/Striker trigger by bow.
it can include being forced into an unwanted role.
it's not very Master at all
Taylor was thinking that nobody was helping her when she triggered.
of used triggers or what triggers do?
@JustLurking
not really beyond what's in the chargen section.
they're really broad, intentionally so.

weeks
there definitely is
Sure.
Breaker, an esoteric elemental effect, something in the direction of durability. Liquid, gas, particulate, form smears, can't be held down. Spreads throughout modest area, hard to hurt/damage, inflicts damage/effect on contact with opponents. Maybe a back-and-forth swap, Breaker state does strong debuffs but can't properly hurt, then flicks back into normal form to follow up with conventional damage.
as opposed to the master one.
Those kind of powers are great, for NPCs, because NPC capes in Weaver Dice edge on puzzle games where you have to figure out what their power is and how it works so you can beat them.
wtf is the Breaker element
Taylor explicitly states that she was thinking about how nobody was helping her as a core part of her trigger event; this guy is thinking about how bad it is going to get for him.
sometimes. is a rare combo.
point blank
they didn't take enough to kill themselves
they trigger because they didn't take enough to kill themselves
@Panda: had a Brute/Stranger a while back, was a Breaker effect, force field shell around gaseous core, shell degrades over time/damage until just the gas remains.
*though
I'm really leaving this time! *slams door*
(Bye.)
I was saying bye to olive.
we have the power. it's the one bow wrote.
changer .8/master .1/shaker .1?
$claim 13 Sicol Bend [Mishie]
$changer .8
$master .1
$shaker .1
"The GM is encouraged to keep the specifics of the power under wraps until play"
swap allies and resources m8. allies and assets get filled out lots and quickly, resources and territory get filled out in little bits and slowly.
You do not.
total pips 2x, max pips in a skill = stat that skill's tied to.
3 know pips = 6 skill pips, 3 skills max, maximum of any given skill equal to [tied stat]. so Brawn for Brawl, Guts for Withstand, Brawn/Know for Martial Arts, etc.
lower of for two-stat skills.
max 2
is there anyone else doing gen tonight?
Teruzi, Hierophant and tubes are on the short list.
I am.
Five rounds is a long time.
Does it cook 1 level/round?
Ahhh. Okay then.
Yeah, that works.
lmao
fuckpwned
How does it feel.
blaster .5/trump .5?
$claim 50 Sicol Bend [Hierophant]
$blaster .5
$trump .5
pretty sure
Yes.
personal attack?!?
Go ahead, Lexi, though if it's the trigger I'm thinking of it probably needs to be more than "a bit" shorter.
I don't really understand what the trigger is actually about.
how did they get their partner killed
Okay. There's an earthquake. Their fiance(e) dies and is crushed. Their sister is about to die too, because they are not fast enough. Is this the trigger?
@Lexi: focus in on that, and explain exactly which factor is the core one and which factors are just aggravating the core.

@Cack: feels kinda similar to an existing one.
yeah
they should be hanged.
maybe if all of you die and then another batch all dies.
Brawl 1/Martial Arts 2/Dodge 3. hth
2/4/4/3/2/3/3 Finesse 4/MA 2.
do you roll Knowledge to punch people? no.

I can't help thinking that if he had not mind controlled his partner into becoming hyperaggressive while said partner was on top of him, beating him to death, he might have made it out alive.
My general vibe on bow sessions would say that that was probably the moment bow said to himself, "It is okay for me to kill him now."
I don't think so.
I think maybe Ace?
Bow kills boring dumb play and rewards interesting clever play. Thus Rainbow Idol not being dead even though she rolled terrible at lots of key moments.
bow has said he should have killed Ace.
In retrospect I should've [killed Ace]
Let's plan for both of us to live instead.
It would depend on the circumstances.
I don't want to say that though.
some vision modes apply to combat, Striker power, and mini-port.
It's basically Horizon's power.
Four vision modes, see movement, zoom, empathy vision, can see living things. Striker power, 5' high impact burst of light, carries charge. Flash step in direction of preexisting motion, ~10' extra distance.
no, last one's a luck roll.
it's thematically linked but no more afaik
not every gm needs to have bow's style.
no commentary on the triggers I posted?

errr?
Somecrazyguy, what are you doing?
you gave chanop to lightning steps
I don't think so.
If it's anybody, I think it'd be Ace.
Oh, no, Ace isn't free Sunday afternoon either lol.
did anyone besides spelt have opinions on those three triggers?

?
With the first one, do you mean with respect to how long the abuse has been going on?
"Little nerve pinches, in just the right places, when you didn't do what they wanted. Incredibly painful when they did them, yet not leaving a mark. After taking it for months, on Saturday..." ?
*one Saturday
lol
well you know that's not talking about our mishie
no one afaik.
I've got another game in an hour, Ace is busy this afternoon, 'bow wanted to run me/Meg/Ace before getting back around to others, and I get the vibe this is an excuse/opportunity for him to do something other than WD.
>telemarketing
*adds "kill Armada" to his character's goals*
btw, 'bow, is Sunday going to consistently be the only day you're free for Lausanne, or was it just this week in particular? I can see if my group can move the schedule at some point to open time up (or have a session where my character doesn't appear) if it is.
kk
either works for me.
or dinner with mob bosses that did NOT protect us
didn't he do a freeze-my-halberd deal at one point.
and there's the teleport deal.
where halberd teleports back to him
I don't follow the idea.
is this IRC or PBP?
yeah
Mmm. PBP is different beast from IRC.
namely in that it sucks for anything but, like, nation games and similar.
extreeeeemely slow turn resolution
"while not brawling"?
There's a few blasters and shakers on this list fitting your desired criterion: 
night table
Red Ice, Catapult, Vineyard, Mouser, Nettle, Monolith.
A post so nice you made it twice.
they're just working names man
obviously you give them different ones when you get the cape
he was shot by firing squad.
oh the simurgh trigger.
I don't think anything happened to him and the character rests in limbo eternal.
300ft meat aura
it's really not a power that lends itself to team play though.
well idk how the game's going to be played but I'd guess it'd be team rather than 1-on-1 like most WD here
the latter
two of A/B/G generally
weapons say which apply
?
Oh, you're doing Sicol Bend powergen.
Striker, Stranger, maybe Thinker.
Breaker or Changer are possibilities, arguably.
Being forced into an unwanted role is Changer.
"We're going home."
Anyway. Feel like... mmm, Knifehand Breaker? Some power focused on precise damage.
nah
Some kind of intangible or pseudo-intangible Breaker state, can attack targets in melee and cause internal damage where bits pass through enemy.
that's really passive and hard to play around.
or, more conditional than passive.
Breaker state is semi-monstrous, with long, intangible claws. Claws rake through targets, but don't obviously wound, doing primarily internal damage and causing intense agony/paralysis for a brief period. Possible Stranger augment.
OP
You're invulnerable and can attack all your opponents before flicking out of Breaker state for a brief period to simulgib them.
Cooldown doesn't matter if you're shanking literally everyone.
It's not a fight, Hiero.
Keep thinking if they stay still, they get a boon that wears off gradually as they start moving. Reduced visibility, enhanced speed, maybe?
(stay still in Breaker state)
Hmm. That wasn't what I was thinking but that works too.
Was thinking you stay still, cloak/blend into background, then suddenly pop out of nowhere to shank a bunch of dudes.
I think something more like Teller's 17:31 reading works better, though, in terms of play. Staying still but being able to do something is probably funner, more meaningful choice.
Differently Tangible
I'd say they can pass through windows, chain-link fences, the edge of a door, but not straight up walls.
Viper or snakeman Breaker shape, camouflage and speed enhancement takes effect while not moving part of tail that touches ground, enhances attack speed, dodge, the longer they can pull it off. Effect fades quickly once they start moving. Attacks in Breaker state deal internal damage as parahuman passes through targets rather than dealing damage normally.
...
No it isn't.
Breaker means physics fiddly. This state is semi-intangible, thus attacks passing through targets.
if you cut the camouflage bit then it just becomes attack attack attack.
camouflage/enhance speed
Hmm.
Could merge the pseudo-intangibility with camo, body becomes less visible as it becomes less tangible. Deals normal attacks when fully tangible/out of charge.
Or just get rid of camo, really.
I was thinking holographic, but pick a flavor you like.
then cut it
windows, chain link fences, not doors
okay. viper or snakeman.
teruzi was joking about monstergirls so I think snakeman.
At max intangibility, I'd say no.
(but max intangibility breaks the moment you start moving)
Looks good.
snaker
tubes
let me roll for tubes since he's not here. $flaw $flaw
$claim 96 Sicol Bend [tubes]
breaker .7/stranger .1/striker .1/mover .1?
$breaker .7
$stranger .1
$striker .1
$mover .1
I don't quite understand what you're asking, but in case this is relevant, don't use the $trigger list for NPCs.
Snakeman Breaker shape. Camouflage, intangibility, enhanced attack speed, and enhanced dodge all take effect while cape remains in place. Effect fades quickly once they start moving. Attacks in Breaker state deal internal damage as parahuman passes through targets rather than dealing damage normally.
wuss
Nonagon what do you mean by “snakeman”" What do you think I mean. I mean humanoid from waist up, snake-ish head, snake from the waist down.
well, it's not my fault that you don't know what the word snakeman means
now you are
Yes.
yes
it's based on that reddit story where the chick got nerve damage because her cop boyfriend kept grabbing pressure points in her arm and he managed to convince her parents she was having a psychotic break or something.
brawn 2 isn't crippled
it's just Being A Woman
put her ath at 0 and make her wheelchair bound outside her Breaker state.
and then her parents basically treat her like an invalid
wait. Ath 0 is /quadriplegic/?
wouldn't that be like Ath 0 Dex 0?
well ath 0 is also broken legs so w/e.
something she did in her early cape career got contacts
might want to talk to Teller to make sure he's not going to assign you 0 Ath in your Breaker state though lol.
enhanced speed for Ath 0 is Ath 1 or 2
[in the voice of tubes's ex] Wheelchair girls are hot because they literally can't run away.
perhaps it's because going to cleveland, your setting, is a much more normal and understandable impulse than going to detroit, pink's setting.
the latter being something no normal human would voluntarily do.
watched the future collapse of America
the airport with strobe lighting
I liked the part where you admitted to attacking them unprovoked.
please do not use that word, it triggers me.
problematic
no, wait, "is"
I thought my internet would be fixed this week, but evidently not."
stop adding crappy quotes, the quote inflation is insane.
quit ruining the quote bot with low-quality quotes
saff saying the word penis is not a quality quote
only 10x?
Lumen and Epidermis, unless Mega's changed his.
final destination, fox only
AceOfSpade
It was finished.
It was not 3e, or 4e, or 5e. It was its own thing, that worked for what it was trying to be.
It's easy. Here. The things you think are missing were never intended to be handled by rules.
Like?
grappling doesn't work in any system ever
As opposed to 3e??
D&D having clunky combat is the quintessential essence of D&D.
That is how the system is designed, yes.
oni
I don't like D&D. I think it has a lot of core problems that are part of the underlying design philosophy, such that there is one, and I hate every one of them, but that's what people go to D&D for. Bonus-fishing, caster supremacy, drawn out combats that then get obviated by save-or-dies and similar, all that stupid annoying shit is what people like about D&D.
to avoid triggering from a peanut allergy
Parahuman manipulates environment by marking out large area (~10' diameter), warping and compressing local (Manton-limited, inorganic only) materials into a roughly spherical construction over a brief period before flinging the resultant object at high velocities in a chosen direction.
Worm TK should be specially oriented, with applications in mind. Ferrokinesis that's useful for armor and little else, telekinesis bubbles that fill hollow objects, etc. With this one, you're turning a chunk of environment into a sphere, potentially catching people who don't get out fast enough, then flinging the sphere as a heavy-duty projectile.
me
avoid coffin imagery
generates minions that capture and contain people
lol was worried that "you to piss yourself" was a typo on my part. thank christ.
shaker/master, shoots sticky bioslurry, people coated become minions.
I like recoil.
what empy said was what I was thinking.
make it 5+ on first hit, 6+ on second, 7+ on third, etc. or something like that.
4/6/8
you shoot goo at person, at first the shell's not very thick so you don't have full control, repeated applications increase difficulty.
takes 2-3 hits before the control effect sets in, just a debuff to Ath/Dex before that point?
what happened with the Mover bit?
cut?
can stick globs to surfaces and use as handholds. there.
morning.
roll what?
oh, right
I didn't say what their base stats/purposes were because I didn't want to pigeonhole whoever rolled it.
Seems rather weak.
What's their leg up on a dude with a knife and body armor?
Does that let them disguise themselves?
Nothing has suggested that so far and it's not a Stranger-y trigger.
Semi-but-not-really-related idea: Changer state ramps up, increasingly monstrous form over the course of a fight, develops claws, fangs, new sensory organs (eyes, antennae, etc), chitinous armor, etc. Short list of a few (6-10) different mutations, append one each round over the course of a fight.
limitations make the power
Chooses mutations from the list, can keep up after a fight (but will be obviously inhuman), maybe can pick out a single mutation to add when they're normal and not in a fight.
Re: trigger connection; was trying to think of a way to handle "building/developing/'gaining purpose'" that works for a power, Thinker edge of the trigger for sensory sub-mutations, and monstrous mutations via bud shard from mama Tinker.
very carelessly
Who was I running tomorrow?" "Feb 29 12:47:50 <Wildbow>	Ace, what's your schedule like this week?" "Feb 29 12:55:56 <AceOfSpade>	I'm free from about 7 pm every evening during the week, and my weekend is completely free, I'm GMT+1"
are you a fucking telemarketer

his thone too
Thoughts on this as a PC power? "Changer adds mutations from a list, granting a few different possible abilities. Mutations burn through bioenergy, max of e.g. 20 points, burn 1 point/round per mutation active, refuel with food/rest."
click sucks
control over mutations in #/kind
Trying to come up with as many PC powers as possible is interesting because past a certain threshold you really have to work to avoid hitting the same notes multiple times.
yeah
Okay, how about this instead: "Changer adds mutations from a list, granting a few different possible abilities. Can always have one, max number of mutations available scales to number/scale of enemy threats."
defining mutations is something I'll do after I figure out the restriction on # of mutations at a time.
sure. beyond actual gimmick though?
Issue with that is it has to be something fairly common/omnipresent or it's a real feast/famine deal.
Hmmm.
no they don't
Am now thinking of a power where you form arms and armor by consuming the light of ambient sources.
Yet ultimately, fair.
like weaponry
if you form arms/armor out of [spesswhalemagic] do you get a Changer rating or just Striker/Brute?
the aoe sword
nah, physically go up to an object
No, it is not nonsensical.
!searchquote tanuki
!search tanuki
they don't say it but it's happening
what's a good giant monster theme that isn't bugs or dragons?
for a Changer cape
giant lizards = dragons
yeah, fish seems like a good direction.
should've told him to call your dad first and tell him you got hurt using your power and were currently unconscious.
nah, Dol got shit rolls and she got by fine" Because she was playing smart.
It would be if he was winning. Alas.
W->tab->enter
You have a style, I would say oni was not very good at playing to it for much, if not all, of the session.
in character doesn't matter.
i was honestly considering posting something like, "try to actually figure out how Matraque's power works" during that fight, but ehh. peanut gallery.
the character is not real, spelt. "In character" does not matter.
if it's "in character" to do something that's going to make the game less fun, find something else to do that's in character.
pee pee, poo poo, reflexes is a bad skill.
what do you have again?
my brain's having difficulty recalling your power
I was here for the gen dude.
Hmm. Re: strictness, what's the current relationship with their family?
Trying to find out what happened to your family is a decent angle for that trigger, suggests Investigation, Street Smarts. Possible pre-trigger rebellion might suggest Subterfuge, Thievery, or Sneak, while pre-trigger obedience would be more Acrobatics, Computers or Medical, depending. Post-trigger practice/career would suggest Barrage (?), Gunfighting, Dodge, Tactics.
Acrobatics is less of a stereotype but still useful, especially given your power's mild Mover component.
use your own +5 to ranged shots to shoot him with bullets until he is dead
a moderate (+3) bonus.
in what system is +3 a moderate bonus
+3 is an enormous bonus in WD.
1 victory: +1, three rolls; 2 victories: +2, refresh to three; 3 victories: +3, refresh to three; major defeat/penalty: -1, first 3 rolls.
"back of great successes"
not just "uhh well you got this dude to sell you a car for 90% blue book price, gj"
blaster.
report it?
it's olympic tier
dex
why wouldn't you sometimes dump knowledge
of the six character's i've ever played, two of them dumped know.
it's nbd really
it's an opportunity cost thing, I guess? You don't feel it very much because a straight Know roll doesn't come up that much, tends to be more an "I have fewer skills" which is hard to "feel" in play.
it depends on your character concept
>-2 in guts
RIP.
straight 3 across statline
aka being a boring loser
restrained by the bailiff
@Kura.
Striker/Master, punches enhanced to mind control people.
PP25, LP70, $used 392
@Pink
tubes's Sicol Bend cape is snake themed
what's the remind me command?
hey
tubes, have you started that rl campaign yet?
Modest Brute package, durability/strength/regeneration, tied to a "core". Internal battery charges by taking damage or inflicting it, charges can be spent for close-range explosive damage.
it's neofeudal society
and what's wrong with my idea from earlier
Internal damage, internal focus of Brute package. An edge of abstract, a core that provides regeneration to the rest of the body, power charges by suffering damage. Draining, as dysentery is closely identified with dehydration as your body shits out all its water. Vomit/diarrhea rhyming with explosive damage. Simple, room to grow, and not totally boring in play.
was explaining the logic
not me so ace maybe? did you schedule someone for tomorrow?
explosive could be vapor-themed, but a debuff on hit is more a direction for it to grow, imo.
yeah I'm not seeing anybody scheduled in my chatlogs
@bow
Modest Brute package, weak durability/strength/regeneration, tied to a "core" that's responsible for regeneration/tissue enhancement/etc. Internal battery charges by taking damage or inflicting it, charges can be spent for close-range damage via scalding hot air/water vapor "shotgun" effect.
double power flaw. pwned.
You can imagine whatever you like.
that's not what he said vern
@baker: it is impossible to know this as relative percentages depend on how you count the numbers. the general vibe for PCs has been even across eleven, and half that number for Trumps.
well, presumably it comes from the word "same," as in, "I feel the same."
no
free every day but fri/sun.
the United States is a federal system so you don't really need to pay attention to other states at all
it died because half the players are never on
We've had some scheduling issues since we're both in the same unit.
I don't think it's as bad since our schedules mostly overlap. Just been my RPG group moving sessions back a day (from Mon to Sun) and Mega's internet getting borked.
before we moved from Mon to Sun Mega's schedule completely fit inside mine.
Exalted
In Exalted (3e), you have five tiers of wealth, stuff is rated with a dot value representing how expensive it is, stuff at your dot level is spending money purchases, stuff above is really expensive, stuff well above is just not something you can reasonably buy.
iirc, anyway
cthulhutech is well known for its carefully thought out and well-designed systems
d20 modern's system had purchase order issues
no
If one dot represents, say, idk, 20k a year, then a one dot purchase is something you can pretty much buy as much as you need on that budget and don't have to worry about running out of money. A two dot thing would be, maybe a computer or something, that'll stretch your finances for a while.
I mean, WD is a game which deals with money. People do things for money, they spend money to get things to help themselves, etc. You can just say, oh, let's not have rules for money, but you might as well say the same about territory, or social interaction. It's not like money just represents irrelevant flavor that doesn't matter to the core thrust of the game.
I'm talking to Pink, who definitely seems to be dismissing money as a stat.
"I'd rather not have it as a 'stat'"
Yes.
Which I think works for chargen stuff - the "base pool" is pretty limited and provides an obvious impetus to act. The issue is once play starts ain't nobody want to tabulate monthly expenses.
ahahaha
how did that work out for ya?
nah
@Words: the whole point of money as a stat is to simplify shit. if you don't have money as a stat you either eyeball it, which will create all kinds of arguments about what is and isn't reasonable, or you start taking down numbers which will make you want to die very quickly.
Saint did nothing wrong.
I'm good for Saturday, sure.
This is a thing Dolyn and I (mostly Dolyn) made:  Glowing weak points (2) and powers that react to criterion outside the player's control (1) are more NPC powers than PC ones.

I'm here too, sure.
for a PC?
rip
Tinker, Master, Breaker, Changer, Brute, Thinker.
Tinker. Self-enhancement, grotesque body modifications managed by injections, strong negatives after the effects expire, related to the positives.
is for M&M m8
btw, working on a thing, curious for people's thoughts: 
When I went through "good" PC powers I noticed there were ~6 different core categories (the ones listed there) that pretty much every one that I liked slipped into. the Brute thing Teller posted earlier made me think about them again, and 'bow's power docs don't come from the same direction.
risk/reward is altering the power's function for benefits but costs, pro/con is using the power at all having problems
they're just mental shorthand for me, honestly
Nah.
additional effects is only in environmental control if it's a Shaker-sub-effect
Extra effects can be.
e.g. I have Zulfiqar, a Striker/Mover, whose power enhances attacks/weapons, but also grants her enhanced mobility.
both effects "apply" at the same time but they're completely strategically different
the second, I guess.
or
the first
yeah, Shem
I don't think it's the skills overhaul.
I think a big part of it was the newbie rush - making good/fun powers relies on knowledge that a new player might not necessarily have.
I mean, I occasionally get to hear about some really old power and go :/ at it.
moderate bash used to have a 50-50 shot of death sentencing you.
tubes
varied
my PCs, PCs from Lausanne, the list of powers I was/am working on, etc.
draft capes from Oakland or Vancouver. just powers that I could remember.
(and then remove the ones that I'd be pissed about getting because they're too passive/samey/etc)
Yes.
Yes.
_seen Megafire
you fly and you shoot lasers
no it was the other way around
ace sun, non sat
yeah
that game might be moving again
but not this week
It's a sex joke.
Okay. You can believe whatever you want. It's a sex joke though.
*particular revelation
Godlike is a fairly well designed system so there are no obvious retarded gaping holes in it.
Godlike
here's the rub
No, you can't do the stupid shit that would imbalance the game and render it about murderhobos stealing brains rather than Allies versus Nazis with capes.
superpowered people
They are, but it doesn't work that way, just like in Worm.
You cannot make Talents. They're like parahumans in a lot of ways. "Psychic blah blah blah" means that intentionally inflicted "trigger events" do not work because they are aware that it's intentional on some level.
Godlike definitely subscribes to a dualistic interpretation of the mind my man.
since powers are literally mind over matter psychic crap
You are a soldier in a war.
Because he needs to STOP THE NAZIS FROM DESTROYING THE WORLD
well if they're on the Nazis then it applies in reverse, but to the allies.
No, he instantly won the war by killing every Nazis.
His civility was also impeccable.
Yes. In the Lausanne session, I have scheduled today.
through to Mover, including Master (subdivided into minion/emotions): 
Yeah. Am trying to think in terms of the thing that makes powers provide meaningful round-by-round mechanical choices, and obviously "random crap" doesn't do that.
I was thinking, there's a semi-rare variant that I have seen, where you have a power which automatically shifts in a predictable pattern. e.g., the Trump/Blaster for Sicol Bend who charges their power and swaps through five modes, or a Breaker (Stranger/Brute) from a long time ago where it starts off force field Brute and then the body degrades into gas-body Stranger. Don't know if it's really worth a note, though.
It's not necessarily a full Trump power. If apoc could predict his cape's next couple mutations in Detroit, that'd fit the criterion, for example. It's definitely a lot rarer than others, though.
same
lol I just remembering ls's suicide by cop.
lightningsteps
when he used his berserk ability on the guy on top of him, and also the hero next to him, and then he died by getting curbstomped and shot with an arrow
_seen Somecrazyguy
>implying
it's elara but with a name change from some stupid #parahumans thing.
Lausanne.
Only Mega is a politician. I'm a politician's wife.
That's a good question, Shem. Why *would* politicians hang out with criminals? I mean, they're so totally different from one another they can't have any shared interests.
$roll 3d6+1
$roll 2d6+3 (?)
Me and Mega getting kidnapped is semi-public knowledge, right?
$roll 1d6+1
pfft
No I didn't.
$roll 1d6
Fortunately, my brain is perfectly fine and doesn't need anybody fucking with it. Walter, how do you feel?
Yeah.
owned
me & mega
we're on a date
not yet, dal
$roll 2d6+3 (?)
delays between sessions or between posts?
perhaps you should live in the greatest country in the world, dale.
...
No, not Canada. The country Canada would've joined back in 1812 if it had any sense.
Wow, way to assume I was doing the woman thing where you say something just to be passive aggressive.
"Yes, Mariko, thank you. He'd figured that out on his own."
$roll 1d6+1
pfft
[screaming loudly] "Goddammit Walter! You always do this!"
I'm fine with the current balance (for this situation), from a player perspective, if that's what you're concerned about.
lol this bitch
Nah. It's more like, I try to carefully weigh up/consider moves, which runs into problems when you've got a timer type deal, but with a second player, I can lean back a little and consider while Mega acts like a belligerent drunk.
lol Nordmann
wait
is Malin the Fox's name french for "Fox the Fox"?
Goupil. God, French is such an awful language.
Nope. It's a beautiful and pristine language.
$roll 1d6+1 Wits
Happy? Giddy? Gleeful?
@ me? I thought he was clapping Mega?
it's cause he's got power incontinence
$roll 1d6 (Guts?)

Either that, or she hates the institution of marriage in general. Probably thirsty, though.
m'lady
owned
re: relationships
bad husband joke
I'm implying that I'm going to remember everything you've ever done wrong and keep track of every single one and then spring it on you in the middle of an argument.
Wow, you'd lie to your wife to win an argument? *adds note to list*
also damn, gail. way to ruin the moment with a moodkiller like that.
So not very? Boom.
I married you for your money.
guys love amputees.
You done, Mega?
which one
Sure.
Purple.
Didn't even notice.
lol I didn't even notice that because I ride mobilebasic
2002
$master
$master -1
Antioch, you here?
Was curious about what you were interested in, re: Tinkers, re: WIP PC Powers Doc.
Mmm. I was thinking about Tinkers, it feels like you want to make their equipment follow a relevant rule. Powered armor which acquires charges on hits; a gun with three or four different firing modes; a Starcraft-esque Siege Tank that swaps between immobile and devastating and mobile-but-still-dangerous.
night
Right.
My thinking with simplistic powers is that there's just different considerations for PCs versus NPCs; an NPC can have a Big Glowing Weakpoint, for example, because then it's a puzzle where you figure out the limitation, but a PC, it doesn't work so good because the GM always knows the big glowing weakpoint and just chooses not to use it until he chooses to.
e.g. on the Detail Generator, there's, I think it's Knight? Where you have the front side that's armored and the back side that's not. For a PC, that's like... "I make sure my front side is pointed at him." "I keep my back to the wall." It's not necessarily a bad thing, in a PC power, but it's not adding much in the way of meaningful cost/benefit analysis.
Carry a matchbook.
With the WIP thing, I'm looking specifically at a certain angle of play. It's hard to name, but it's the thing that D&D 4e is/was designed to do. It's not quite creativity, and it's not strategic in scale. It's tactical, round-by-round, meaningful evaluation of options. Given that a large chunk of playtime and a huge amount of focus is spent on tactical round-by-round combat, it's important to provide choices which engage the player.
I do feel like "puzzlefights" are part of WD, as it is a descendant of Worm with its own set of puzzlefights like Night, Siberian or Jack.

D&D combat "RPS" definitely degenerates extremely rapidly into shit like spamming Save-or-Dies, and there's plenty of shit like ethereal and invisibility and swarms and crap that completely obviate certain methods of attack.
You could be a guy who turns into a bear and has a bear ally and casts spells while he's a bear. Or you could thwack dudes with a sword over and over.
D&D (3.x) varies between wildly insanely too many choices (what spells shall I memorize today?) and nowhere near as many choices as necessary (hmm. shall I thwack him with a sword, or shall I thwack HIM with my sword?)
you mean like if I'm a fighter up against a swarm enemy?
parties in WD are rare, and generally player/NPC when they do occur.
well.
maybe 50/50 or something.
Things like the guys in Laus who were in an immobile stealth effect and using portals?
or Skincrawl lol. rip.
Okay, on a totally different subject - for that doc, I decided to subdivide Strangers into stealth effect (disguise, invisibility, cloak, etc) and distraction types (illusions, distracting mental influence, flashbangs). Can anyone think of any good Strangers from the latter category? Dol's got one in Lausanne, and there's the Shaker/Stranger anger shortout guy from Flint, but that's about all I can think of.

there was an Oakland PC who had a variant on that, I think.
yeah
added Shaker, both Stranger variants (hide/distract), and a couple notes at the bottom: 
I am. You're fat.

Before.
Lost it in Kyushu.
Yes, Mariko, thank you. He'd figured that out on his own. He made sure not to shoot her a look, though, instead keeping an eye on the group of villains." best part is I wasn't actually being passive aggressive there
wasn't directed at him at all lol
A lot of the stuff Mega was saying/doing was stuff I would've said/done if he hadn't been there, so I was content to just take a back seat.
I would've said/done it because it was basic rudimentary stuff. Owned.
are there any good precog PCs
didn't Anti write her out because her power was a pain
a power that has some kind of precognitive element
it sounds like a wc3 orc
Oh, was Proth's Berlin character the one who stepped in front of a bullet so he could second trigger?
A classic story.
try to die quickly so that your session ends in just a few hours
_seen lightningsteps
... that doesn't seem very useful.
Is it a meaningful improvement?
It doesn't do any of the necessary addition though.
If you do $roll 3d6 (+1 all), you have to do exactly as much mental math as if you do $roll 3d6+1!
and you could do this effect with $roll 3d6+3
something like [6]+1, [6]+1, [2]+1 = 7, 7, 3 would be more useful, for the situation of things like rolling for five goons shooting at you.
Maybe. Bow was saying Tue/Wed/Thur, for the second half of Lausanne.

I think it'd be harder to understand that way. Plus, they are pretending, not actually confused.
I feel like a decent chunk of the intro could be cut
You see mine, Anti?

I posted the first a while back.
1:8000
you don't need to do every cape, yeah
You have your major players: Coil, Lung, Kaiser, Faultline, Armsmaster, etc. Then you have your capes who are notable because their powers have key roles: Labyrinth, Dinah, Panacea. Then you have your capes who are notable because of their personal relationship to the PCs: Tattletale, Shadow Stalker. The rest you can play fill in the blanks with when you need them.
lots of ways
random word generator. roll a d12 or two to pick between classes (or roll, say, 10, and use every one that comes up more than once). $npc. $used. steal a power from another source and change it a bit so it's Worm-y.
borrow an idea you had during a trigger gen that nobody liked
You know what you did.
the answer to the riddle is a pun
because both are nevar put backwards
mm. my brain's fried. do somebody else.
changer/trump
just dump as many categories as you can in
Disfigurement, poisoning, further unwanted modification.
Changer, either multiple alternate forms or several different natural weapons, natural weapons apply an effect, effect changes between different forms, possibly messes with powers in a specific, defined way.
One - Power varies, has one aspect set in stone, other end of power varies.  Smoke power that varies in how it applies, or always a shotgun blast, but the effect varies, or always a positive aura for allies but effect changes.
Oh, by definition?
They're literally being drugged right now. By the Tinker. At melee range.
it's not positive relationship though

...
Would say, Changer powers with a melee focus (for melee threat), and some kind of debuff (for being drugged/injected/etc).
there's only one trump document
Bear-esque with -Brawn poison, Tiger-esque with -Ath poison, Snake-esque with -Wits poison.
maybe more like a ferret, for the last
could have Bear downgrade power, Tiger downgrade efficiency, Ferret downgrade awareness, along with main poison.
yeah
Yeah.
-Power, -Efficiency, -Awareness
no, poison claws do the -Power/-Efficiency/-Awareness.
more or less.
sneaky skills?

same here
oh shit
get the power flaw that makes you narcissistically obsessed with your power
start taunting her
wow
you'd do that to poor stray?
He died doing what he loved most: being alive.
rip
Adonis rides off into the sunset... on herself.
look at these chumps who didn't trigger before their first session
life is pain
Oh, wow, it looks like your power pinged off of the people there to create a personal stealth field that you can reshape into knives that detonate in memory-wiping explosions. Crazy how that worked out.
I killed Coldhand.
no
I missed whoever calling me short.
sister?
erlking
Faun
hornlord
Makes sense. His power lets him run fast.
you could have him bounce around a bunch before winding up in Washington state.
I don't think it's in the book, whether or not you specifically require a corona before triggering. Other than the maybe-Imp trigger having the shard swap from dad to daughter before the latter triggers, which suggests you don't.
helps the shard get a sense of the host so when time comes it makes a more fitting power, maybe.
that's why i said nap not sleep
I don't "commit" to a 20m nap. I just close my eyes and wake up whenever.
too real
not unless they've changed it even more from the comics than I remember, Chrono.
pastebin.com/xA1TgLS6 ?
am eating atm, after that, sure
Alright, good to go whenever, Antioch.
I can think of several reasons.
Why not spend your limited time on this earth enjoying good fiction?
Bazinga.
it can't disappoint you because your expectations are so low?
That was two separate questions. *shoots Thalia to death*
free tickets to what?
what do you think i'm doing
same thing i've always been doing. cleaning up your mess
yes
tell soma I TP'd his corpse.
he stole shit and then didn't get got
Wow.
Catherine is a good person.
He was a villain.
You called me a short bitch, you're lucky all I did was call you a dumb cunt instead of running over you.
That's what reverse is for, Saff.
completed the set: 
rip
@Cactus: Most of that stuff's not really the focus of the doc - it's interested in the tactical scale, not the strategic one - the latter is where much of the differences between a Tinker (Brute) and a Brute come up.
Of course /you/ would say that.
I should ask 'em if they wanna go to church.
*off-topic
Speak for yourself.
I hit Alt+A
but also you can do /nick Cactus|Away
It makes your name grey out on the list.
you don't get logged out due to inactivity unless your computer falls asleep
afaik
*coup
$roll 1d6+1
Getting late here - wrap up soon?
the strongest people in Worm have powers that are obviously OP.
Eidolon? Alexandria? Contessa?
My first session is May 12, 2015, so presumably I was here for at least a little bit before that. Really thought you got here substantially before me, Anti.
*my first session was archived May 12

You make the character interesting.
make her a fucked up brokebrain who's bound to ruin her own life ten times over by the time the campaign's finished. 's what I do.
hospitalsplosion?
Saff, did you tell Snow that I TP'd his corpse?

@Wildbow: Sorry, trying to get confirmation on whether my Sunday game has moved to Saturday yet. I'll be free one day or the other, just need to figure out which.
@Wildbow: Looks like I'm free Sunday.
Kinda went out of your way for the last one.
Was out walking and then eating. I'm good whenever.
don't think so
yeah
No, I've got it now.
Missed a line and didn't get that the construction in the center was *all* the mall.
rip pokemon tcg
I assume I can't flash step through solid objects.
Oh, the colored rectangles are cars. Now it makes sense.
$roll 1d6+1 (+ any bonuses from Covert costume)
$roll 1d6+1
$roll 2h6+1
? what you rolling for
oh, anothr wits
$roll 1d6+1
No.
It was, didn't work out.
$roll 1d6+1
$roll 1d6+1
goddammit walter.
Well, at least we know he's a merc.
I didn't mean for you to gesture at me and say, "hey, check out this cape."
you go ahead
I have a gun too.
ikr
How many windows do the apartments have? Are they only on the wall with the door, or could I move to the side and shoot him through a window there?
brawn 7 in breaker state
Ouch.
Do I need to dodge the shot?
a) it's an assault rifle, b) shotguns do fine at long range outside of video games
I'll yell at you that they're coming.
Also, to be frank, guy who just lost an arm, you DID shoot him.
sets Brawn to 7
Uh... I meant to shoot at one of them.
Sure.
$roll 2h6+1
ah fuck. do I shoot twice?
for dex 4
I had it at 2/round because the old one mentioned Dex /2 round down, I think, but the new Equipment doc doesn't mention that.
oh, semiauto
Semiauto - The gun fires a number of shots equal to ½ Dex pips.
$roll 2h6+1
damage. but it isn't.
oh hells yeah
I just domed him, yeah.
Well. Death sentence not so bad when you can turn invulnerable.
It tries to heal him, but doesn't do a good job.
lol at the blood splatters
and he can't talk, and he actively eats away at everything around him
checked to see if I could jump down
I didn't think my husband would be an idiot and get himself shot, so
You go first, what I'm thinking kind of relies on knowing what you do.
I assume I can do a quick lifesign read to figure out Mega got shot, IC.
$roll 1d6-2
well. rip.
broke my good leg I guess
If only you had transformed when I said to.
I strongly implied you should.
it's in the old book

ctrl+f moderate pierce
also I wonder if that's the first time anyone's rolled a -1 in WD.
Who?
with what character?
I have Ath 1, yes, which gives a -2 to rolls.
2/1/4/4/4/3/3
My rolls are fine.
Oh, huh, actually, this is a really good spot to drop down at.
since the weird little q dangly bit on the apartment between me and them would presumably block LoS.
Lumen, in about five minutes, assuming Epidermis survives: "You did what? You- we were supposed to interrogate that guy."
Is it my go or 'bow's?
$roll 1d6+1
ah fuck
Oh, for sure, oni.
oops. well, you know what I mean.
I need to reset my computer real quick. Accidentally hit the button that makes my laptop's keyboard stop working.
It's supposed to turn on/off the trackpad but it kills the keyboard like a half second after I click it for some reason.
Last thing I saw was bow posting the map with Epidermis floating over cars, and my saying I neded to restart my computer. I didn't miss anything, right?
robo-lackeys that talk to each other
Please. I do that every week. That's not stressful.
I can't really run very quickly.
Brawn wins ties, iirc.
you were harshing their mellow
$roll 1d6-2
rip.
just name your ships Cawthorne Mks 1, 2, and 4, watch everyone struggle to find Cawthorne Mk 3.
oh come on
thank god
agh
rip my arm
a) this is just a bad lucky shot, though I guess I should've moved when the first one came near me, b) I'm fine.
Probably a safe bet.
Ah fuck. I don't know which one I should shoot.
my worry is that their power armor is linked and that's how it does the regen thing.
the one with a missing helmet has their head buried inside the torso anyway
$roll 2h6+1 (+ zoom bonus
$roll 2h6+1
But you said "the end" at the end of the last session. QED, it has ended.
$roll 3h6+1
I was right, they totes regen. fuu.
Yes, I guessed right. I'm so smart.
would you rather she tried to hit me
My bullets don't penetrate.
$roll 1d6+1
fuck!
shit
$roll 1d6-2
wow. meanies.
$roll 1d6-2
I'm obviously the brains of the operation here, so it makes sense for them to go after me.
come on
is that damage or just effect? same with last one
k. uh, that's 3 wounds, with the lesser from falling
$roll 1d6 (please not 1/2)
Yeah, with throwing cars at me.
On the upside, the near one didn't have a chance to regen before Epidermis hit the far one.
Oh shit. Uh, quick question, on my power. It says teleports manifest the same impact/light/shock as Striker power. Does that mean I can push around cars with them? Or is it just aesthetic?
Damn.
I fucking hope so.
Otherwise they're about due to shoot me in the bum.
$roll 1d6+1
+ any zoom bonus
yes. there we go.
they have now both been hit by cars
because no helmet disables it
it's only been like... six rounds
also he's death sentence'd anyway
$roll 1d6+1
really? goddamn
I count 11.
but then there's the round or two at the start, so w/e.
damn. long fight.
We won, see? I talked tough, and I survived.
That is not my fault.
Maybe I shouldn't kill the one in this armor.
I could just pop off the helmet.
that would make sense
since Z give out suits to parahumans.
perhaps she's a self-duplicator with a heal function.
lol
Mmm. But if she was a self-duplicator then she probably wouldn't talk to herself. So I guess twins who use one another as phylacteries.
Or maybe one parahuman whose power mimics another and does the two-way phylactery thing with them, and one normal person.
they were talking to each other before Epidermis showed up, so probably not duplication.
Ah wait a second. We both have Brawn 2 (well, Walter probably has Brawn 0 by now), and their legs don't work any more. Fuck.
oh, so you still have brawn 2
nah. that'd take 18 rounds.
0/1/1 or maybe 0/0/1.
Ah, go ahead then.
I also feel really proud that I worked out that their regeneration was linked so early on in the fight.
incest twins
it's the only thing
hopefully all the scarring hides mega's gaping lung wound.
You know, that was the first WD fight I've actually won?" You're welcome.
So what does Non's striker power do exactly? Electrocute stuff? push stuff? teleport Non?" Yes.
My Striker power carries impact/charge/light. My teleport power has the same aesthetic, though not the actual punchy power of the Striker ability.
I did write some of my posts while other people were writing, to prepare for when it was my go.
@Anti: Because there's no real stakes. Also, IIRC, at that point I hadn't decided to marry Mega so that probably would've wound up locking my character out of that possibility if I'd gone for it.
Well, I don't really care about such details, so, there you have it.
A careful, reasoned, snap decision with no thought put into it whatsoever.
HIV-Positive, maybe. boom.
is there like, slang for "the department noose"
Things can change in Worm. Characters die. The setting shifts inexorably this or that way. When an apocalypse happens, it leaves a mark. In Marvel/DC, they can't change other than by editorial fiat, and that tends to be stupid shit.
rip
ultimate marvel was good
deadliness of WD
which, it's not actually very deadly. The pip-based health system works to shield a person from instagibs.
little dots on the dice i guess
WD's health system means you've got fair warning before you die, barring a few rare special cases like headshots and critwounds. It gives you time to rethink strategies and/or retreat when things turn against you.
They tried to kill me in Lausanne but I survived, and won.
Not me though.
I'll be sure to visit his grave regularly, as a widow ought.
But, yeah, there's several ways he could survive. Could maybe negotiate with Z for a healer's services. His power might have patched him up enough to cover up for the gaping lung wound. Uhh. Probably other ways, too, that I haven't thought of.
I don't think, IC, I know how bad the shot was? I mean, I know he got shot, and that's not good, but I don't know his lung collapsed or anything. Though maybe I do, actually.
Oh, I've still got the number of Malin. That's three ways he might live.
I'm an important person. You're a dumb kid.
yeah let's try to wrangle four people into a session at once
If you want to get important villain's phone numbers, marry a politician.
well, it's Malin, Z, or he dies, I think, and of those Malin is probably the lesser of three evils. Alternately, maybe he's healed on his own thanks to his power.
because otherwise I gib the Lovers with my Striker power?
I assume the Lovers are Z, anyway
Hey Mega. You thought about what you're going to do for the last bit of Lausanne, so as to not die?
Also that didn't happen to me. It was 1d4, with 4= hitting me despite cover.
I was going to try calling Marie and/or making a deal with Z, but it's your funeral.
he's not in good shape
I do that sometimes.
I don't use #parahumans so sure.
Self-focused cybernetics Tinker whose alterations consume mental energy?
Tinker (Mad Scientist) suggests it's about a critical moment, a past decision made that turned up heavy for risk and very little reward; cybernetics suggest an internal, personal focus, an issue with one's body or mind, Changer edge; and the mental costs suggest some indirect theming - exhaustion, maybe, playing a role.
I'd almost say... some kind of amphetamine addiction or similar, initially done to improve work ethic but ultimately wound up making you freak out and get suspended from school/lose your job.
lol
Could do Adderall.
which is actually an amphetamine.
Kept skipping school to avoid bullying, eventually wound up getting caught, suspended, etc.
Issue of misperception, being seen as a delinquent rather than a bullying victim.
feels contrived. no reason to involve coil or cauldron, at the very least.
Literally.
there's 60 in just BB
60-ish
more than 60
lol
but also yes
I know all the alt-taylor fics suck but so do all the non-BB fics.
if you count legacy/wake/cenotaph as different fics, sure.
re: suspension being too weak. ramp it up. dad doesn't know who to believe/does believe the bad stuff. bullies lie, put false evidence, make Taylor look worse/guilty.
Could have her in the car accident with Annette as the shift point. Serious bodily damage, wheelchairbound (Taylor explicitly would rather die), life winds up in kind of a negative spiral, bad decisions pile up, bodily issues get worse, trigger.
Feels like she's keeping going only for the sake of Danny, hates it, mental exhaustion as she pretends to be a good girl for him. Maybe gets involved in something online that's a bad idea to try to reassert control of her life/self, winds up going really bad, triggers.
That makes me think of maybe a different Sophia dynamic, actually - Sophia/Taylor instead of Sophia/Emma. Sophia sees her as a fighter or something for keeping going, Taylor winds up providing support via phone/computer or w/e, Sophia gets fucked up to hell somehow and she feels responsible, one thing she's got that's hers goes wrong, trigger.
lol
Taylor, in canon, is absolutely desperate for human relationships and goes from hero to villain in large part because of it. I don't think Sophia's any harder to get on with than, say, Bitch, and she put in the effort to be friends with Bitch.
except that Sophia never raped anybody as far as we know.
I doubt it.
when she goes to Regent's grave or w/e in the lead-up to the S9000 arc, her primary point of contention is the fact that, you know, he did a ton of awful shit before she met him. Sophia isn't really as bad as Regent, honestly, looking at what the two of them have done wrong.
I mean, Bug on a Wire is Skitter/Shadow Stalker but it does a fairly good job of putting the two of them as allies/friends.
it's empty because they were eaten by a mysterious spatial anomaly
Me & Meg might finish Laus today. Or not. Who knows.
our arc of it, yeah
Ace still has to do his thing.
yeah but we were slated to do a session on Tue-Thur last week so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
you say, hey, who wants to play in a one-shot, then you use $npc to quick gen a few powers and throw them into a meat grinder.
It would depend on how the precog was designed.
Beholder was basically designed to be an enormous fucking hassle from what I know.
something fucking insane along the lines of "look at the same spot a day in the future"
somebody with logs of that period figure it out, so that we can murder that person.
Is this a one-shot or a long-term campaign?
for one shots we use $npc, not triggers, generally.
I'm on too many channels! I thought this was getting fixed!!!
that's why I named my Lausanne character Lumen rather than Oculus or something.
still doing first power gen so might take a bit
You work out a character concept based on your luck and Words eventually gets around to telling you your power.
the USSR's emigration policies are probably not in place, iirc a Thinker lead the country's transition to capitalism so it went better and nobody talks about East Germany or the People's Republic of Poland or anything.
not really
yeah the USSR's dead
"it was the lack of faith in the government's ability to protect the people (and the aftermath of losing Moscow) that led to the fall of the U.S.S.R. and rise of other forces"
Hmm?
very carefully
no
you put [Know * 2] pips into up to [Know] different skills.
Is that what I said?
and they go up to a maximum of [Associated Stat]. If there's two stats, take the lesser.
EST
it's the same damn timezone, just with or without daylight savings time.
Damn Yankee timezone
11:30am-3:00pm in Yankee land.
subtract an hour if you live in Central, two if you live in Mountain, three if you live in Western.
you had Power Perk 14 and Life Flaw 45. PM Cashy $power perk 14 and $life flaw 45 to find them again.
being addicted to stimulants (coke, adderall, etc) or depressants (alcohol, ketamine, etc) is much more common than being addicted to hallucinogens like LSD, I think is 'bow's issue.
a) mutations don't make you a 53, b) high chance, not certainty.
ACTUALLY
Think 'bow's said that the original Grey Boy was a little more Blaster-y? Or something like that.
Not all deviations can be genetic.
I'm pretty sure the original Grey Boy was a C53, given that Jack comments to the effect that he used to not know how to use a VCR.
and evil-Eidolon says he was a Cauldron cape
yes
it's $roll 1d6+2 Wits
Eaten.
Et.
No, since the third pip of Awareness doesn't give +2. They roll $2h6.
He is now.
*shoves spelt into a dress*
No, they roll $2h6.
that's what's in the rulebook
well.
it says +1 rather than +1d.
"+1 to Wits checks to identify via. senses, regardless of what you are doing (Replaces one point bonus)." New system changes mean +1 in skills should be read as +1d (barring, like, Gunfighting).
"+1 to Wits checks to identify via. senses, regardless of what you are doing (Replaces one point bonus)." being the third pip of Awareness.
Wits 3 is a +0 modifier.
You know what you must do.
since I saw some newbies struggling with chargen, I did a guide that tries to explain it as clearly and succinctly as possible, with an example character being made. 
define "potential to lead into another"?
sequel oneshot
?

Corporate fixers for a large corporation?
Hitman
the most critical weakness of all WD capes: being stupid.
monster of the week format
you see the doc I posted earlier, Anti?
it's turned into kind of a mush together of a chargen guide, the newbie guide, and the "don't make boring characters I'll kill you" guide: 
Oh, shit. Re: modules: gladiator arena
underground fighting ring
dex attack loses ties, brawn wins.
actually, re: modules, that black morning idea would work for this kind of thing. lets you get away with disconnected shit, characters not dying, etc.
I keep clicking "No" but nothing happens.
it's valhalla isn't it
one guy
tinker
I forget what Longinus did to piss you off.
But you're guilty of murder.
And frankly, you probably should be mind controlled.
Too bad he's in an another city.
your power would probably wind up accidentally killing him
But ICly I ain't touching you with a ten foot pole unless I absolutely have to because you're a walking trainwreck.
"decisions" implies volition
If you join the Wards, you're going to be Feint." Yeah but Feint is awesome.
feint is epic as all hell
He did.
owned
okay. what?
"include these" for four different powers? that's going to make a mess
I have the 13 I used in McAllen.
nope

I have full write-ups for, I think, all of those powers. Except maybe Wallflower.
Heirloom/Collector probably wouldn't be good for a one-shot, and not sure how you'd handle the Tinkers.
he was as sleepbow before
yeah all except Wallflower have mechanics
Ah, if only there was a rulebook we could look at.
For the individual Case 53’s circumstances, roll a 1d22 and see the result, then roll 1d4 for luck type, but roll twice on the list for that perk/flaw (ie. 2d47) and pick the option most fitting to the character.
Seco Nd
12, 10, 9, 11, 13
if you get shot in muscle tissue it's better than other stuff.
guts tanking doesn't remove damage
from bullets, anyway
guts-tanking is just The Abstraction Of Human Durability That Guts Represents meaning that an attack doesn't do as much damage.
$classes
it's for PCs generated using triggers prior to/ignoring luck results, to be clear.
you know my Lausanne cape?
$power perk 51
I don't.
blaster/shaker/thinker. PRT would probably just call it shaker/thinker.
it's probably one of the borrow-flavor bits. I think for emotional Master?
one of the main things probably says "grants some Master-y" power or something.
chemtrail
enough. the rat meme is dead. there is no need to continue beating its corpse
I do the same thing but I don't press ... when I do it.
type in notepad++ and count the # of characters per line until it reaches the limit (444 last I checked?).
444, yeah
my client has only a single line of text visible so any longer post basically has to be in a separate program or I can't fucking read it.
no, don't. join the cool kids club where you never go to #parahumans
session hasn't wrapped up
@bow: am free Sun, not Sat. well. free in the morning on Sat (until... noon CST-ish?).
yeah, figured
honorable seppuku.
they are
You definitely will not take meout.
Mega, probably.
I didn't kill anybody in cold blood yet.
My power basically hard counters yours though.
Shooting someone who is running at you with intent to commit violence isn't killing someone in cold blood.
desolidification
shadow stalker would pwn him
so would Skitter or Imp
well I would tell him to get out of his Breaker state right this instant.
yeah if I hadn't been there he probably would have kept punching one of them over and over again as they constantly regenerate.
they heal from all harm but don't have any kind of soft time limit
'bow is very vicious when you try to run away
rip Dune
i mean. he did.
he ran away.
and then got found and murdered later
i guess abattoir tried too
Z suit people were watching
they were there so Dune could survive, but Alas.
sure
it's from Tinker A Data, just like all the rest of the [thing]s.
when something that's not the core 12 shows up in that slot it's a reference to one of the other elements of the power.
blaster/brute/breaker/changer/master/mover/shaker/stranger/striker/thinker/tinker/trump
how hard is it to write a description
nobody's asking for poetry. "Female. Thin. 110lbs, 5'2", blonde hair in bob cut, pretty face. Young."
like, you need to put down enough for the GM to know who's taller/shorter than you, and what you basically look like. distinctive features. so they can have NPCs react reasonably.
you can load it in a half-second if you use mobilebasic!
unvis.it for news; mobilebasic for gdocs. eat shit you enormous fucking laggy pieces of shit website. it's the twenty first fucking century why are you making insane memory hog pages for goddamn text.
I don't think the PRT doc is in the readme
Ah, yeah, it's in the projects section, not readme.
anchorage used the same system I'm pretty sure. or like. that system 0.5.
>implying the nublets wouldn't eat you alive
oh for a second I thought you meant there was a d20 hack for Worm for a second
you can't spoil it by giving the basic fucking premise. hey, deadpool features a superhero named deadpool. spoilers.
Brigador.
oh it's not those genres
it's really fun. I tried it out, loved it, bought it for $20 even though it's an EA pile.
They could probably sell it as-is as a complete product.
nah
iirc Taylor's power propagates through "real" space.
...
it's not because she has a range. Her range varies, at the behest of her shard. at best, she has a range because her power propagates through real space, but given that it varies based on her emotional state, it's probably semi-arbitrary.
Wait a sec... Didn't simurgh destroy all the satellites?" No. That's fanon.
personal space, cg.
He doesn't like d6 because D&D has given him severe, incurable brain damage.
that's what you deserve
i'll tell him you said that
On that topic, @Nonagon & Megafire - am eating lunch with my mom, expect to be back mid-late afternoon, will run you two & wrap up that one session"
nothing
I'm good.
I am.
Mega appears not to be in the channel.
[in the voice of Butch from Fallout 3] funnel cakes rule.
that character isn't an f
antioch
Jinx. You can't talk until I say your name.
I can't decide between "He's dying right now" and "Why would I tell you what you already know?"
You better get used to not being able to talk. Owned.
no, down in the parking lot
I'd never have said half this crap if she was near me
I was actually talking to Malin, but you can respond if you like sweetie.
Have to? No.
Hey all. Healer here. Just going to name myself after an incredibly deadly disease.
Can't wait to meet the biotinker Chlamydia who heals people.
oh hells yeah
$roll 3h6+1
no! fuck you cashy
did i?
if the DC is 4
$roll 3h6+1
yeah, go
Maybe Dr. Leprosy will be able to reduce the effects.
You're welcome.
if you die i promise to try to avenge you again.
don't you have brawn something
owned
I'm alive.
If he dies that's on him, I did everything reasonably within my power.
lmao
owned
rip hubby
Nanomachines, hon.
owned
yeah i'll just ride on his backside with a broken rib hurr
his power makes wounds worsen and I'm pretty wounded
lol "He picks up his greatsword."
$roll 2h6-10
so probably not
maybe if SOMEBODY hadn't gotten his dumb ass shot, that wouldn't have happened.
but it did happen to you
there we go
no, he ignored them entirely. owned.
Yeah, he's definitely sleeping on the couch.
Sadly, he jumped off a building in a suit filled with acid.
The upside of you winding up dead by healer is that Malin would've had a hard time saying I owed her one.
I just sold my soul to the devil because SOMEBODY didn't enter their Breaker state when I implied they ought to.
yes, we'll just kill the insanely long-range teleporter whose targeting method is unclear
I can see no way that will possibly go wrong.
AceOfSpade: me and Meg finished our sessions, and 'bow was thinking of running you Tue/Thurs? He's under the impression you're unavailable weekends.
Barely.
We Just Don't Know how her power works.
It's probably a Master power, given that she referred to her twin as her "other half."
But, on the other hand, they were distracted talking to each other when they came in, so not any kind of unified consciousness.
No more than I talk to myself already.
why would you kill your clone
why though
do you want to murder everyone you compete with
So, therefore, the only solution is death?
I can't work with this person. I must kill them.
It's even worse, actually, because no matter who wins the battle to the death, you die.
Perhaps you should change your perspective so you don't automatically lose all Prisoner's Dilemmas.
But this is a situation where the other person is you. QED.
the optimal strategy for prisoner's dilemmas is tit-for-tat with instant forgiveness.
Antioch is extremely bad at handling identical clones of himself, and his maladaptive response will indubitably reduce his reproductive fitness.
roommate
If you don't kill your clone, your clone can get his own girlfriend, and then both of you can have children, effectively doubling the number of children you have.
I am a very good rommate, yes.
Not like me, who was calm, and composed.
Yes.
No.
I didn't get that information.
that was the REC, the non-para mercs.
there's the REC and her "employers" (probably Z). they're in bed together, but she said basically nothing about her employers beyond that they were tight with the REC.
I'm pretty sure it is.
manticore was mentioned in my session, for one.
To get a suit you have to kill somebody.
well, among other things, Malin + Crane are buddies, I got the vibe Malin doesn't like REC, Crane doesn't like Z, Gemini has a Z suit and was evasive about her employer, conservation of detail.
No no I'm available on weekends, I've just been a bit sick this past one. Tuesday or thurday could work for me, but I'm not sure because I can never remember what's the difference between our timezones and I'm only available in the evening during the week"
it's a pile
me and mega finished our session

let's all get caught up in the minutiae of exactly how many pips the stats are instead of making a fun power
Should get an actual write-up.
You can't speak, you're dead.
the gorilla is annoying
what happened with claiming/incrementing the last trigger
omfg
somebody put a fucking thousand lines at the bottom of the used doc
why? because i'm apparently the only person who can claim and increment things without anything stupid happening
$master 1
when you try to add a line at the bottom, it defaults to a thousand, etc, etc.
you need to have 5 in the stat
in trigger
or luck
Hmm. Frost mote swarm?
a small minion made of ice-themed magic crap
I was thinking swarm attacks, frost burn damage, or swarm can be arranged to block movement, or to protect parahuman.
oh, snowflake's a good shape
swarm behaves like a directed Shaker effect - manipulates environment, pretends to be a force field, etc.
some of them
Parahuman generates a swarm of snowflake-esque minions that move at the parahuman's command. Minions can be used to attack, dealing Lesser Burns to targets in a modest AoE (10' diameter), or they can be arranged to form shields and blocks, upwards of 20 square feet in size (touching also inflicts Lesser Burns).
For purposes of being attacked directly, swarm is assumed to have five "HP," losing 1 HP from lesser damage, 2 from moderate, 4 from critical. Swarm rolls at +1 to dodge/withstand, can only withstand when formed into shields/blocks.
Swarm flies at 50'/round.
$help claim
$claim 13 Madison CG [Kurama]
.5/.5?
Master/Shaker
$master .5
$shaker .5
who's on for trigger vetting

they wanted to win
We all want to win. And in large part we make our logic according to what we like. But not having earned our victory and continuing to win is cowardice. This is a thin dangerous line. To lose having earned victory is a dog's death and killer DMing. But there is no shame in this. This is the substance of the Way of the Gamer.
If by setting one's heart right every morning and evening, one is able to play as though he had already lost, he gains freedom in the Way. His whole playstyle will be without blame, and he will succeed in his calling.
"cowardice" should probably be Monty Haul DMing or something. Crap.
I don't understand the difference between augments and patterns.
then when you do that be sure to explain it
then how does Pattern interact with different types of items? e.g. if I have power armor, and also melee weapons, do patterns only apply to one, both? If I have, say, shotgun and rifle for ranged weapons, how would flame/spark/lava behave between them?
Do you really?
boom.
uh, wow, I'm feeling really attacked her.
*here
'bow, how would you handle a Tinker where they're a multi-trigger and their Tinker power is a secondary power rather than a primary? Was figuring strongly curtailed options - two List As, 3-5 List Bs, 0-2 List Cs, say - and less raw power.
Anti just rolled two headshots, I think.
tho, didn't one of them miss?
I meant with this: Antioch|GM "Attack" [5]-1 [1]-1 = 4, 0
Ah.
cg isn't in laus
it's set for players of laus only
$help simurgh
'bow uses player names
It's cool how you can see that his finger is totally on the trigger despite his later protestations to the contrary.
Interesting how you turned that power into cybernetics.
yeah, it makes sense, just kind of... funny, I guess?
Is there a difference between a Templar-type Combat Tinker and a power armor Implement Tinker?

Lucifuge, Yata-no-Kagami, Blue Bomber.
the worst? wow. that hurts my feelings.
Boom.

"a poor showing will result in disdain and comments about going to the PRT." lol
Crits ultimately punish players.
Jerking off about how strong your cape is is retarded.
No.
That would be "who the strongest PC capes have been" not "who the strongest PC cape have been."
You maroon.
You didn't even correct the they so.
Step it up.
0%?
What if I track him down to his home and force him to come back at gunpoint?
Yeah. To jail.

Pink keeps adding extremely low-quality quotes, thus leading to quote inflation and reduction in the overall purity and quality of quotes in general.
I've seen it more with Pink than Vern.
!quote 999 until you have all the quotes, then you kill yourself.
I seriously doubt she was genuinely offended.
I'm calling you out. You're like a Roman Emperor adding cheap metals to the coinage, but with quotes.
_tell ?
or _in if it's to yourself.
_in 2h call me a homo.
Variations on a running gag relies upon pre-established pattern to become comedic; without variation, however, it's not funny.
Was there stuff I missed? You mentioned luck roll earlier, and I assume that you rolled for trigger/power and told him his trigger, at least.
it's linked
Hmm. d10?
13 is a round number.
look at the lovely curves in that 3
I'm actually up to 20 powers w/ mechanics, on the in-depth sheet.
You're a homo.
Hyperhidrosis
First is unclear, took me a couple rereads to get what you meant, and I'm not sure about the underlying idea anyway. Feels weak: not much connection between parahuman and event, and it's hard to think of what kind of power it would give.
Second is unnecessarily long and could definitely be cut down in length without losing anything substantial.
Third seems fine.
Then what does the cyclist add?
You're lucky. When I killed Snow, I called him names and then TP'd his corpse. You got to die with dignity.
A dignified way to die.
No Matter How I Look At It, It's You Guys's Fault I'm On A Rampage
Jealousy doesn't become you, dearie.
@Teller: 
It's the one shot engine Anti/Panth (& I guess in some sense me) were working on.
Yeah. They'll just kill you.
What type of Tinker would you do for this power? Case 53 with a permanent Breaker state. Swaps between aura movement acceleration and aura movement deceleration. Breaker state intertwines with Tinkering, applying related enhancements to Tinkertech, dependent on whether in Haste or Slow mode when the device is being used/activated.
case 53
No, because a core part of being a Case 53 is being mindwiped and having a C stuck on your butt, not just being a mutant.
where
Where are people with mutations being labeled Case 53s.
I'm pretty sure Alabaster has mutations but he's not a C53. Nobody calls Canary a C53.
am working backwards.
Size does matter.
is it "tinkerings" or "Tinkerings"?
when bow answered "yes" to if GG was a first or third gen cape
Glory Girl
there's some other WoG that confirms Lady Photon's shard budded to give birth to Brandish's, IIRC.
Makes sense. Superman's from there.
No.
I'm not, right?
Nach
$in
Yes.
okay I just spent 2h making a Tinker, and I think I now have brain damage of some type.
"now"

Was actually thinking 50/50-ish, Implement-type Tinker.
Don't do drugs? That seems pretty silly. Who would say that?
here's the C53 Tinker, Words: 
It's really cool to spend like 2 hours doing a Tinker table and then turn around and churn out a normal power in 2-3m.
hey
she just arrived
Hmm? No it wasn't.
I reposted it because Words came on.
It's for Terre Haute/McAllen, since I've now brought the total # of prepared powers up to 24.
depends
It's more about bringing ideas together than raw inspiration.
@IGN: my thought process when making Zone. 
oh that way
read misery tourism books, blogs, etc, and/or write up powers and work backwards from them.
was just going through Why Does He Do That? which gave inspiration for a few different triggers.
(Why Does He Do That? being a book about the behavior and motivations of abusive men)
anti is 24 a round number
alright then
"Draft Powers (in-depth)" is now at 24 powers. I got some ideas for more powers but I don't like any of them a ton and want to go back over them, mix and match, figure stuff out.
it's definitely crazy how much time Tinkers take compared to basically everything else
baseball
so i was right
Jealous?
So do I.
how can it be different characters when the link is one character long
oh yeah I see it
yeah if you hover over one of them so the full address is visible then slide to the right you can see it change address
it's still there lol
yeah there it goes
presumably he C&Ped from a Grantsville log and in the Grantsville log, when he was adding the link, he clicked the entire box rather than just the text in question.
#3 still has it
and that should be it
tiger moms?
Have any GMs had difficulty with duplicating Master/Breaker/etc PCs? I seem to remember somebody saying something to that effect, but I can't find anything particularly relevant in the logs.
self-duplicating
clone masters, dupe breaker/masters
Khandhas, Prism, Spree.
there's some kind of stupid crap in #parahumans where everybody changed their name to variants of 'bow.
If everyone jumped off a cliff would you?
It's not funny, though. That's the core problem.
That is because you have a malformed sense of humor, Shem.
That takes like eight or so years. See: Loss.jpg
It harms me.
Why did the chicken cross the road?
To get to the other side.
There. I found a better joke.
It's not even a joke! What's the joke? That you stuck the word 'bow' on the end of your name? That's not humorous!
Oh, look, I stuck the letter L on the end of my name. How funny.
At least this is kind of funny, if only by context.
Only the first day of April?
Oh yeah? I care even less.
You know what you did.
busy on fri
Tuesday works.
I can fix you being comatose, spelt.
Hey, I helped get Coldhand out of his coma.
It creates a different PC/NPC dynamic.
is ace's session happening this weekend or what?
Is a Tinkertech bodysuit just mechanically a costume + some bullshit?
I mean if I was making a bodysuit for a Tinker, it'd be, Tier-X Costume, can't be armor/heavy, +specialty-related bonus.
the inevitability of death, presumably.
none of them have bodysuits that I saw
how do you unknowingly flame people
I'm going to start flaming at random, if anybody happens to get in the way, well, not my problem.
that's just being incredibly annoying
not flaming per se
they were chrono's and then you accepted them uncritically
horn lord is mish
tubes = breaker snaker, teruzi = bioslurry, panda = artillery power armor, mish = hornlord, heiro = rotating/charge trump/blaster, olive = flip-flop shaker/breakr.
why does thal have a weird name
let's see if she can replicate it with p < .05
you call the same number for people to stop your house from burning down as you call for people to stop your house from being robbed. why wouldn't it be the same to stop your house from being robbed by a parahuman.
*die for that Z suit
explosives
can't make Blue Bomber without an Explosives skill though.
accuracy and barrage have too much overlap and gunfighting kinda sucks because a) nobody remembers to apply penalties anyway and b) even if they did there's only like, range penalties that are explicitly defined, which also don't seem thematic?
One pip of Barrage is pretty strictly superior to one pip of Accuracy.
Semiauto is vastly better than single-shot.
because a) with Wounds (versus HP), dealing more discrete Wounds is a huge benefit; and b) guns all use Moderate Pierce which has a bunch of killshots.
the costs of bullets are not that high and America has the Second Amendment.
all weapons, yes
iirc, if a weapon have, say, 40' range, then each doubling is a -1. so at 45' it's -1, at 85' it's -2, etc.
past a certain range, yes.
that range would be further than a pistol's
snipers aren't infinite range
If it was simulated, which it is not, it would be at most a -1 to to-hit on successive shots.
masturbate
When the sun rises in the West and sets in the East. When the mountains billow in the air like leaves.
does anybody remember that bug mines power saff (?) got, and whether it was for a game that actually happened?
so it was for a game that did not actually happen. cool.
no such function exists
You were your shithead buddy screwing you and wanting to murder him.
You were, I think $used 391.
Yes. 392.
*391
i posted my skillthoughts in #gamedesign
it wriggles along the ground like this
noon.
pacific/mountain/central/eastern
that stupid FMA subplot is as old as 9/11 so we can definitely make jokes about it by this point.
nothing is ever too soon
but 9/11 was also spontaneous unification of the American public in patriotic fervor.
what in particular?

how to make it look pretty: go to a google doc with a tinker table, copy and past the tinker table to your own doc, and replace all the words.
after selecting some/all of the cells in a table, you can right-click it, find the option that fucks with the cell, and modify the background as one of the options.
make a copy
isn't tomorrow a writing day for bow
if you wanted to know what's going on you should've idled constantly in #weaverdice like the rest of us
must've been a real good post
Big deal, that happens every time I go outside.
Is it the one that starts with "Whew. Hi all..."?
be that as it do,
also the last thing said
anti is 30 a round number
something to while the hours away with
It's interesting because you start off with it being fairly easy, but as you progress, it gets harder because you have to avoid hitting notes too similar to previous ones, and the number of previous ones gets bigger and bigger. And also you really don't want to do any Tinkers because they're massive timesinks.
it's really mind-blowing how it can easily take an hour to do a proper tinker table and then you can turn around and do a nice, good non-tinker power writeup in five minutes or less.
didn't you make that poo tinker
the 15m< one
I don't think I've ever had a Tinker.
Nope.
do a oneshot
do not preorder any video games
then wait two days and buy it then
that's what early access is for
me pay money for game before it even exists in beta state and it turns out not to be good? why my bad luck so bad?
I'm not going to pay money for a game I can't play unless it's from someone who I know makes good games, which does not include basically any indies.
I definitely will not preorder a triple A game
A half-finished, unedited book? You mean like... a web serial?
I literally don't see the first three lines of that in my logs.
I will not accept this as evidence since she could have made a million posts in another channel that were all wrong and I wouldn't know about it.
Unlikely.
Working on a paired Blaster, two Blaster powers where using one enhances the other so you're encouraged to swap back and forth. Which elemental pairing do you like best?
Flame/Plant. Plant hits, entangles, effect only; flame ignites, severe damage on targets hit with plant. Steel/Magnets. Steel pierces, damages; magnetic effect disrupts normally, and deals extra damage on targets already hit with steel. Water/Electricity. Water knocks back, creates areas of low-mobility, extinguishes/disrupts; electricity damages, with more severe damage on targets hit with water.
element can inform effect; idea is that you swap back and forth between two options, sometimes having cause to use the same one twice in a row, or to switch to a different target.

This is America, speak American.
I just said to speak American, not French or whatever other barbarian language you speak natively.
the game kind of breaks down when stats go above 5-ish.
No, he just made it up right now, Thal.
then google it
I like Drakura the Destructionator.
This? pastebin.com/xA1TgLS6

I gave the right tab though.
think ace's laus session is tomorrow and I've got a Nach session as well.
it's wednesday, yeah.
I was very proud of my performance in that session because I figured out the baddies' gimmick basically right off the bat.
and I saved Mega's dumb ass.
dune died because he refused to use his power on the person attacking him
it's not so much trying to run at the start as, you know, never trying to fight back
I think it's a swap thing.
I used the lifesign reader and then the zoom on the same target in succession. Going to try M->L->Z and see what happens.
I'm pretty sure Horizon got the same vial as me and I stole the idea from her.
Protectorate cape in PRT Quest.
re: retconning: "Mar 12 12:08:37 <Wilbdow>	@ Nonagon & Megafire (and all other Lausanne players) - I'm redacting Oni's session altogether, I think.  The attack on the tower was attempted and foiled, so don't worry about that part of the background."
we have different powers
she has three sight modes, I have four, I can teleport flashstep, she can't, she can walk unassisted, I can't.
It's really, really close, and very close to the description of the Optic vial from the list.
I can't really imagine that 'bow wasn't thinking of her when he wrote up Optic.
or i could use a gun
gun the best blaster power
*idiot
It is weird that doing nothing gets you killed in life or death situations. Very strange, that.
I give a decent chance of Cuttlefish dying in her session.
bow said he probably should've killed her last sess.
If you read bow sessions, there's a clear pattern that thinking = no die, not thinking = die. it's not a pure dice thing, e.g. Dol rolled like shit but 'bow let her off.
he didn't have any tinker list yet, because he was a nemesis tinker
would've gotten a tinker list geared against a target
I need to go to the hospital and hope that nobody asks any questions about why the politican's wife suddenly has some broken ribs.
It wasn't your fault. It was basically suicide by cape.
that's correct
No, he was afraid that, because he triggered her, she had a Trump power, and not only did she have a Trump power, but it was a complete 100% hard counter to his own, so much so that even when his guts had been crushed he would be better off not using his power.
it's kind of weird tbh because it feels like such a softball and yet he still wiffed it.
Dune's session.
His power is a hard counter to his main opponents. Like, what if he'd actually used it? Would that have just been it?
*main opponent's, sorry.
protip: before doing something, ask yourself, what is the worst thing that can possibly happen if I do this? Would have saved Mystery Blaster, probably Dune too.
oakland cape
Mystery Blaster fired blasts with delayed explosions, power enhanced with successive shots. The player didn't know this; shot somebody to no apparent effect; and decided to close to melee with a Striker.
oh yeah, you were Mystery Blaster, weren't you. RIP.
Mystery Blaster Chorno Graveyard Rough Start - Dead Bled out and drowned in the water.
tbf he gave a really bad sales pitch
"Before you join, let me just be up front and honest with you here: most of the people who work for me wish they were dead instead."
Frankly, Bastard Son needs to read the Art of the Deal.
Apex didn't make a very nice corpse since she blew her brains out which is never pretty.
I don't know why you would think that.
space whale magic

ttp://pastebin.com/b45N8R9C
Yes.
That's why he's in the graveyard.
Lexicon, I think.
I only need 9.
twins would be cool.
Twins wouldn't necessarily have the same power. Nix/Nyx.
I'll twin with you.
More generally, I think that, based on the S9000, a twin would probably have a similar-but-distinct power.
would depend on exactly how similar the two were
Yeah. Closer than a typical bud shard or someone who drank the same vial, but still different.
is there any wog on twins, btw?
got a link?
twins aren't exact dna clones though
hi
Half-hour to let my brain slide into game mode?
I bought four dots of Dodge with my milestone from killing Coldhand, right?
Just looked at my sheet and noticed I hadn't put it down.
$roll 1d6+1 (Empathy)
definitely wasn't 2 dodge 2 barrage so must've been 4 dodge. just trying to remember if I wound up buying something else instead
$20k
"FOE_TUNGUSKA_64 has had his first court appointment, and funding is hereby approved. $20,000 [⚫⚫] has been deposited into DEPT_64’s accounts.​"
20k seems real low honestly
two dots
what's normal discretionary funding?
yeah, it might be recurring or something. just tossing a lump sum at a large-scale agency doesn't seem like it'd be super useful because a lot of what you're going to be buying is recurring payments.
Do I know anything about Longinus, IC? I don't think so.
Actually, that is a later myth.
the name longinus literally means spear or w/e so it's obviously a fake name invented later on.
actually I'm gonna do Dodge 3/Brawl +1 (to 2).
#WDCleveland
I want to just say "As I said, she is extremely stupid." but that'd be a little too flippant.
It's called humility.
sorry, computer froze
Are we going to cover past the return to Cleveland, or is this pretty much session end unless I have anything I want to do before heading back?
Oh, no, I figured that was the planned cut-off for Arc... 14 or whatever we're on, wanted to make sure I was on the same page.
I'm good with keeping going.
Cleveland.
I put him in the coma.
Also I killed two Dead Man's Hand goons personally.
"This actually comes from the novel Children of the Arbat (1987) by Anatoly Rybakov. In his later book The Novel of Memories (In Russian) Rybakov admitted that he had no sources for such a statement."
$roll 2h6 (Street Smarts)
$roll 1d6+1 (Empathy)
It's fine.
rip
can't wait to hear her response to all my shittalking
obviously the best time to admit to planning a murder
I meant "not under duress" in the sense that nobody was saying, "admit that you planned to murder a hobo!"
he's a huge asshole who i hope dies
He is the kind of asshole who knows exactly what he is doing and is doing it intentionally.
I hope not.
in particular, I'd point out how he was fairly polite and normal with Nach when Roulette was watching then as soon as she left immediately starts in on her. like a wifebeater who starts hitting his wife as soon as the neighbors leave.
Russian Roulette
Another channel?! He's cheating on us?
I am, as well, since more players might die and I can replace them.
After like, uhhh, nine more kills.
Up? At me?
yw
sorry for long reply times on "and then I did nothing" sometimes; was trying to think of what to do and couldn't necessarily come up with anything.
thanks for running, too.
it's because you're so much smarter and calmer and more reasonable than Killhand.
kill l-g if you're gonna kill anybody
I feel like the Wretched, if it's mental damage, would get kind of... noisy, really quick? I mean, suppose you get hyperaggression. Then you get paranoia, then auditory hallucinations, then etc, etc. At some point, fairly quickly, it's just going to be a lot to juggle.
sure. but still, over four sessions you've become insane in four ways.
and that's if you're building 1/session and only minor degrees of separation.
at the top there are links to the other documents that are finished. except Blaster for some reason.

guess who has two thumbs and just set up hexchat to automatically log him in.
this guy
don't listen to him
If players played like Taylor I doubt there'd be a kill yet.
Pay attention to how people use their powers, and try to figure out any gimmicks or tricks to them that you can exploit. If you have a good hypothesis, test it in the lowest-risk way possible.
taylor isn't that smart or battle savvy
Being in the bombed-out shell of a city and stealing all of Coil's carefully built up infrastructure?
I don't think it would be *out of character* for a character to think of that.
If I can think of it, my character can think of it.
I don't want to RP Killhand and just be really stupid all the time.
In the sense of playing tactically and carefully? You're wrong.
obviously don't act like a myopic spaz who turns everyone against her and can't understand why nobody likes her
She wasn't very good at justifying it to other people
because you spend 90% of the serial inside her head
to everyone around her she's an insane spaz who makes terrible decisions constantly.
I threaten PRT Director's wife and he no like me? Why my bad luck soooo bad?
Taylor's insane myopia interfaces well enough with the overall motif of people making reasonable-to-them decisions that nonetheless bring them to conflict and tragedy that it almost feels like a theme.
the greatest thal can aspire to is to be as non-destructive as Taylor Hebert.
If, I mean, when, you die, can you be sure to not just sit there and mope while it happens like multiple other characters have?
who had the lamest death in all of Weaver Dice?
"Almost" doesn't count.
And I'm talking more like Aura deals than shoving your wet hand in lava.
Aura's death?
no, catpinetreedude
let me find it real quick
yes

It would be hard to be worse.
lava is different
proth did lava
He had like... some destructive striker power, idr, and he covered his hand in water on the theory that it would absorb the heat for long enough for him to use it.
does Aura have the most pitiful death?
lol: "I hate cowards," she says.
breaking the fourth wall just an edge, there
the only skill i wouldn't think +1d is Gunfighting.
it gives +x to cancel penalties
which doesn't work very well because there are no set penalties for anything
why wouldn't he?
in Anchorage it's literally stated that he's as bad as the S9.
the disintegration striker
"the one"?
lol "I don't think they're running either"
that'd end poorly
It's more fun to kill someone who has thoughts, feelings, and a backstory.
Imagine all the effort Snow put into his character... building up Coldhand, coming up with ideas for how to play, strategies that just might work, writing up a backstory, playing session after session... then I show up, beat him into a coma, and shoot him repeatedly in the chest while he's unconscious and call him names.
And then posthumously TP his corpse.
It's so much funner because it's like you're killing a real person.
you killed SOMA though
Imagine all the effort Snow put into his character... building up Coldhand, coming up with ideas for how to play, strategies that just might work, writing up a backstory, playing session after session... then I show up, beat him into a coma, and shoot him repeatedly in the chest while he's unconscious and call him names.
SOMA died and she was responsible, that's the same damn thing.
didn't you mangle him and then he bled & fled
lol at all the options being other PCs.
also lol at "I do believe you masquerade as a hero?"
#WD_Lausanne
rest in pepperonis
Hmm. Who of Templar/Armada, Crane/Idol, and Epidermis/Lumen would you most want to go against? That's a tough choice.
Yes, stay far away from me.
Oh, no, wait.
Would killing you count for my take down villains goal?
you're not even in Lausanne.
yeah, but you're with Z, so.
and then it busts down after a week
yeah, they really undersold our powers
My character in Lausanne's cape name is specifically chosen to help obscure the less obvious Thinker aspect of her power.
Lumen.
Though I didn't actually tell anyone that so Malin just called me Mariko.
You can't talk though.
Very nice trait in a spouse, btw.

Tinker, efficiency hyperspecialist (very easy to make, in terms of resources, much shorter pipeline), area of expertise is... debilitation/healing, injections of specially engineered bacteria.
what's ambiguous
you make bacteria and inject people with it and it either helps them convalesce or it debilitates them. you don't have to scrounge much/little costs in terms of getting your tinker equipment.
felt a little on the nose
Nice shot.
Don't think it's mama.
I like Queen Centipede's.
cashy giveth and cashy taketh away.
or perhaps it's just a random number generator
or just buy it
start runnin' girl
and succeeded
I think there is a clear avenue for victory here if he can seize it, but we're not allowed to give advice, so good luck Ace.
lol
legit lol
i can never remember if headshot is 1 or 2
guess that answers that
lol
well she did single-handedly depopulate a small neighborhood with her murder centipedes so, on the whole, eh.
I don't think you're in any position to judge others for murdering the mentally deficient, given your role in Longinus's death.
You said mental patient.
[in Dark Souls font] Try throwing.
didn't he get married a while ago
that's a while ago
Don't tell them any of this.
Don't make yourself look bad.
Tell them she was crazy, and you managed to kill several of her centipedes and severely wounded her, forcing her to flee, whereupon you snuck into her home and splattered her brains out.
not for a bash to the torso. think bow just rolled with it.
oh yeah it used to do death sentence lol
Moderate Bash used to do death sentence on a torso shot, but no longer does, because that meant that half the time you were death sentencing somebody because of the "do both locational damages" bit.
think he's formatting ace's logs
i dc'd at one point in Ace's laus. all the logs are on the doc though

iirc that's specifically part of his powers, he reads as the opposite for manton effects.
it's just text, it has no volume
I really don't like how the Weaver Dice system has a small dice with only a few bonuses instead of a big dice with dozens of tiny, nigh-meaningless bonuses.
I find they work very well, personally.
would way overemphasize Trumps, strongly underemphasize Masters, and be in general hard to get a lot of the more abstract power-making triggers.
Would also give you a lot of leeway on your character's backstory and powerset, which I suppose isn't terrible (see: Cauldron, Drafts), but is a little off.
what's the trigger
shaker, mover, water theme, trapped, drowning, crushing (pressure).
ice
hailstorm flier. parahuman flies, high acceleration but low maneuverability, and kicks up massive wake of wind and ice as they go.
i'd say no. maybe reduced damage a step, but if you slam into somebody, it'll hurt you too.
If you think stuffing food down people's faces isn't sexual harassment, then you haven't spent enough time on the internet, and you need to leave before you do.
they can't make their own obstacles if their power only lets them operate in tight containment
so does the character just lose instantly if they're caught out in the open somehow
You can bring dogs around with you, you can't bring alleyways around with you.
Same with bugs, knives, etc.
There are a lot of shitty powers that suck ass, yes.
It feels like it'd be very arbitrary when you could and couldn't use it, and that wouldn't be really in your control, and it's really easy for other people to counter (by not standing near alleyways, etc).
Not really. It's easy to counter, whether or not people know what the counter is doesn't change that.
The rulebook really needs to a) actually be finished and include necessary things like the Wound charts, and b) have a clarity/organization pass done (examples, making sure that as much as possible you reference things from earlier sections rather than later ones, etc).
oh, my beef was with static rolls which meant if you rolled poorly you just kept falling further behind, and my recommendation would be "tickets" instead of bonuses. Have ten tickets base, get +x tickets for whatever, roll to choose a ticket from the list.
I think, yeah.
tickets also reward dumb luck but you don't wind up sitting there watching your slot go from fourth to fifth to seventh to ninth.
Oh, you actually did that. Huh.
it's on the page
Thalia/Nonagon A8 or w/e.
so we could be twinsies
literally twins
ICly
uhh we should probably make sure our schedules overlap
no we shouldn't or no they don't
this was my pro strat to bring myself up a slot in the order, and it worked.
My assumption was that our characters would have somewhat distinct personalities just because I have certain underlying play principles that come through in all my characters and I doubt you have the same.
Look for an excuse to be honest; be magnanimous or vicious in victory, but never in between; vengeance is a long path that you shouldn't stray from; and NPCs are human shields.
what
no it isn't

what is "complete"?
is there some number of vials at which point we have all the vials?
mine?
Lausanne?
nobody asks tho
the cauldron cape making process is 100% functional at present
Exactly. On camera.
Could be edited.
No, she actually was born without a name.
Very tragic.
I really want to play a Feint-type one day.
[x] rude [ ] true [ ] same
irl i'm incredibly boring and on chat i'm a big contributor.
hoagie is a hero
she killed heiro, bringing me one step closer to playing.
you also brought me one step closer to playing
Hmm.
You kill ten villains, nobody bats an eyelash. You kill one civilian, everybody loses their minds.
coldhand's death is epic for just how much everybody doesn't give a fuck
"You're caught in the inferno, trapped and unable to escape. You trigger alongside a man who is burning to death, and a woman who leapt from the roof to escape the flames."
or whatever.
is how I write them.
Setup, "you trigger," but then "alongside" a really short description of your trigger mates.
since they don't need as detailed/interesting powers.
As opposed to all your other characters?
(I kid.)
"It made sense at the time." - Mystery Blaster
I get the vibe more that she likes being annoying.
I'm really proud of working out the gimmick so fast.
anti's opening cleveland, iirc.
I play a Trump in Cleveland.
Nach mimics and counteracts opponents' powers.
I think Bow said no to that." I thought so too but couldn't find it. Somebody asked but he didn't respond to them as far as my logs say.
opening slots for newbies or w/e for Arc 3.
le me, le using le reddit le willingly.
even leaving aside the terrible normie community (REE), it just has fucking awful site design.
No it isn't.
Okay. You're reading a post and interested in the comments on it. There were 40 comments last time you went through. Now there are 44. [in Taken voice] Good luck.
Yes.
:|
I'm not paying money for a feature literally every forum on the internet has.
I don't think it's reasonable to pay any amount of money to get a necessary feature that is freely bundled into every website on the internet that actually lets you sort things chronologically.
No, you can sort TOP LEVEL comments chronologically.
Leddit.
so if there's a comment from 14 hours ago, that got a new comment five minutes ago, it will be below the comment from twelve hours ago.
you can sort by new but it's nigh-useless.
the sweet release of death
[in the voice of someone being forced to use usenet] What did I ever do to you?
It's a justifiable homicide box.
I think there's WoG that it isn't Solaire.
Gwyneth.
prt needs interns too.
then why didn't you buy a pepsi
& #WDCleveland2 , I think.
what
it's not that hard
you have X tickets. jane has 10. john has 17. luke has 8. Roll 1d35, where 1 is the number of open slots. If 1-10, Jane. if 11-27, John. if 28-35, Luke.
if you must? bullet points are good.
C list is round out stuff. I think Bakuda would have A list a few grenade types, B list modifiers (+range, +light, +simple, spatial warp, long-term effect, etc), and C be HUD.
wd is a little like old school d&d in that you're not super in control of how your character works. you get a trigger, other people make your power, you roll for luck, and then you build a character around that.
Someone sorted the trigger authors reverse-alphabetically, and I can't revert it." That shouldn't be possible.
No, because I specifically locked a row in both Used and regular so that it wouldn't be possible to sort the columns.
yeah, you can do it without messing with the locked column. annoying.
Weird. I can't fuck with the Trigger Events locked row's rules but I can mess with Used's.
Nah, it's just some really old lock that doesn't stop anybody from doing anything as far as I can tell.
Was going to try turning off all the locks to see if I could revert then, but I can't.
well. anything important.
there. fixed.
Weird.
I gave you and Pink permissions on the locked rows so you should be able to revert yourself if it happens again.
yeah, I wrote that trigger and my assumption was that unless you wanted to be a cripple that mine was dead/you fucked it up somehow/etc.
>like hearts of iron
a) Hearts of Iron is not a 4x, and b) Victoria is way more senselessly complicated.
Grand Strategy
No.
Sounds like a cool pet issue to have.
It's a random number.
Re: new skills. One of the issues with Accuracy/Barrage is that Barrage is strictly better for multishot powers and semiauto/auto guns (which is basically all of them), so rather than letting you pick between two meaningfully different playstyles, it winds up being "unless you have a one-shot Blaster power, pick Barrage and maybe grab Accuracy if you want to burn all your points to be really good at shooting." It's honestly one of the b
igger issues with the skill system as it stands/stood. Not necessarily a problem with Aim in and of itself, but needs to be thought about w/r/t Barrage.
yes.
what
ah, nvm.
You can only make them forget about you by burning your Sneak bonus.
(Part of)
also you wouldn't have any excuse from trigger/luck to have dex 5, and would thereby be ineligible for it, or Sneak 5.
it's "just" +5 and +3d.
the actual rules on when to roll dice (outside of combat) is very MTP.
namesearch resistance +1
#WDTerreHaute 
You picked the painter trigger, right?
who wants to be a hero
what was serk's luck roll again?
Serk|Filament, your post got cut off in the middle.
"If I do this again, it'll help more. If I inspire other capes to be more heroic, mo"
i'm pretty sure she's not single
It's interesting to see a power I made in this context.
Seems about right. Was thinking it was maybe stronger than I intended, but then again, it was a pretty optimal situation for that power.
Power: Parahuman enters a Breaker state, comprised of four duplicates which continuously flicker in and out of existence. Duplicates are hard to strike due to flickering (although all successful hits are distributed between all duplicates). Can push a duplicate for a brief burst of power, enhancing force of attacks and leaving corroding “stain” in wake, but then that duplicate pops.
You're a degenerate.
I'm curious what you give players. The short form description from the light doc?
Yeah.
Since there's rigorously mechanized versions of the powers in the Pregen Powers doc.
man. some of these triggers are really good. it's a pity.
Would you describe a multi-trigger in a three person unit as having a main power and two minor powers, a primary power and two secondary powers, or a primary, a secondary, and a tertiary power?
I would guess less, since the news' bloodlust is slaked by all the insane bullshit capes do so you get less attention.
Hmm. I could report on the kid who went ham and shot five people to death, OR I could report on the psycho who incinerated a kindergarten. Tough call.
I mean, I'm sure it happens.
Bwahahaha. I tricked a woman into marrying me.
Bwahahaha. I tricked a woman into marrying me.
I keep reading it in the Rance voice.
Though he would say "Gahahaha."
!search tanuki
dexter's the crystal tinker?
let me grab it and PM it to you.
he may have modded it a bit for perks/flaws
if they all did then just give them some of the preexisting Tinker vials and then brutally kill them.
(IRL)
christmas in july
gonna be waiting a long time
i'd say it's more that the A/B/C of an implement versus a gentlemen (and even versus a templar) aren't that different, whereas versus architect or virus they are.
it's been posted in chat before i'm pretty sure
C?s??d
didn't you reject her
Working on a power concept, trying to plot it out. Tinker makes minion, very dangerous, but has warm-up/cooldown issues which means it can only be active for a short period (a few rounds) before going into standby mode for another decent period. Tinker has own smaller set of personal combat equipment (bodysuit/ranged weapons). Ideas for tech theme?
what i'm trying to decide
komodo dragon
no steampunk
initial thought was lizard-lion cyborg, then later robotic scorpion.
I don't read Twig.
I can't read these things live.
I read them for a while, then I just go ehhhh and stop.
komodo dragon size
big predator. wolf. lion. komodo dragon.

Ceramic/metal is good, actually.
L those plastic-y robots, where you have the visible skeleton with some white ceramics/plastics on the face and so forth.
it's a pet not a person
...alloy tinker?
>not disabling custom css
ishygddt
allow subreddits to show me custom themes (uncheck)
it hides all the stupid bloat that people stuff on subreddits to render them illegible to normal men.
press down
yeah, now
it saves your previous messages, which you can access with up. if you press down, it cycles through the list the other way. the lost text might still be in the list.
what?
oh
+3 to +5 Brawn, and either exotic defense of some kind (generally not more than +2 straight ablative defense) or just straight +1/+2 Guts.
because if a character has more than 5-ish Guts then combats drag out insanely.
there's a static DC (generally four), which you try to roll above; stats give a bonus or malus to the roll (2 = -1, 3 = 0, 4 = +1, etc).
is it defunct?
wound charts haven't been updated
mod bash is more disabling/debuffs, mod cuts is a bit more raw damage.
so a Know three character can have three skills at 2, 1 skill at 4 and 2 at 1, etc, but not 6 skills at 1.
Makes me think of an ability to shift attention in a away, either away from himself or onto someone else. There always has be be a focus, so touch a random dude slowly everyone for some reason starts to focus on the guy, what ever slight emotion the individuals have for him increase over time" this is a bad power that gets oversuggested and doesn't work
no offense or anything.
No it doesn't.
I'd say Stranger or Thinker, yeah.
the final line is important. triggers are built around it. the other factors are relevant because they culminate in it.
sonic Stranger, sound (mines? grenades? shotgun blasts?) with strong disorientation effect. people get hit with it, they suffer penalties to wits, get distracted, drop shit, stop moving for a second.
yeah because he's not triggering throughout
he's being sarcastic
The stuff about the talent scout exists because it establishes why he cares about being booed, why he took the actions that lead him to getting booed, etc.
the coach told you, it's implied
it depends
on whether your future is gone because somebody shot you in the face, or because you're going to jail, or because you and your spouse got beaten into a coma, or etc.
Many triggers could be described as "my future is gone."
the Tinker sheet on the Detail Generator has several things in a messed up position on row 40-41 columns A-E
that's terrible and i'm going to kill you ob
y'all didn't claim 5 and increment
icbf because I'm busy
Genie.
Jeanie?
"There's more to Canada" No. It's not even a real country.
it's a country full of people who willingly chose to stay with the British monarchy and who still pray to the Queen to this day.
being Canadian would be awesome, if Canadians had joined the greatest country in the world back in 1812, but instead they chose to burn down the white house.
the netherlands.
really.
the netherlands is like, one of the USA's dumb vassal states
one of the tiny little ones nobody even remembers
like Puerto Rico
It is both greatest, in that it is mighty, and greatest, in that we truly believe in freedom.
it 100% is
Yes. Look at it.
Behold!
pick a target and go
wish in one hand, make a sandwich in the other, see which fills up first
on the new vial list, Nexus, Nightmare, and Optic are all gray despite being adjacent to one another. I think Nightmare had its color set manually, while the others are based on row #?
it refers to the location on the charts elsewhere in the detail generator
e.g. Brand is a Feather/Torch Striker, because those are 5/6
Bane, Brand, Deadeye, Mason, Parashu, Sarcophagus, and Sigmund are the new ones.
his is Sarcophagus i'm pretty sure
yours is Bane, innit?
seems harder to use than Teacher
did you guys just get the 1-2 new ones for your apps or did you also get a few old ones to pick one?
you, in particular, Pink
did you just get Sarcophagus or did you get to pick
k
how could she be fixed
she's had her brain fucked with past the point of no return
her body could be fixed, probably
unless her force field prevents people from doing so
this is so much better than discussing glory girl
he can't hear you
oh, yeah, I definitely bet that's the case

new vials by player: Pink (Jessie Bumpus): Sarcophagus; Words (Eribeth): Bane; CG (Marcus Kogo): Parashu, Brand; Ace (Branna Chia): Deadeye; Lexicon (Vada Demetriou): Mason; Nycto (Victor Lambert): Sigmund
thal said she'll probably mix in some of the pre-existing vials
e.g. I'd imagine Nycto would have access to Jack
but those are the new ones and it's pretty easy to match
one of the vials on the table
Victor-type Thinker
lemme go look at the logs so I can remember where I was
Another adult.
[in the Redditor voice] Adulting is haaard.
i don't remember why i was calling her. like i remember i'm trying to steal her turf but I don't remember what I was planning to say or do to this idiot.
nah
i should've written something
okay, I think I remember the gist. I'm good to go.
I know ten different ways to call a girl a stupid bitch.
It's you.

the answer is projection
I was going to say "sewers" but garbage dump is more poetic, imo.
See, sewers are for crap and piss, but garbage dumps are for trash.
Truly, the Japanese have a rich and vibrant culture worthy of deep study.
i say that sincerely
Yes, Firlz.
tanuki in japanese mythology have mythically large nuts
discount eidolon trump
yeah but upperhand's power is never explained in PRT Quest proper and only shows up on that canon capes doc.
It was probably Malcolm, he'll sleep with just anyone.
yeah, rip
wait a second
if i'm 4'6" and it was at my temple, how short is blackthorn for it to be at his neck
somebody came prepared
yeah, 4'6"
you don't say that stuff expecting it to work
he just did it because she was female and alive
Players who attribute everything to luck often find that it is in fact skill that brings victory.
Only too late.
c.f. Ace's first Lausanne session.
if you just believe it's all random, might as well just roll a 1d100 and use that to decide how good a life your character lives.
skip the whole game
actually it's roll low
if you just believe it's all random, might as well just roll a 1d100 and use that to decide how good a life your character lives."
then they decided to actually do it
or, for the opposite effect, see Dol's Lausanne session: some bad rolls at key moments (it wound up pretty even, all in all), but she survived and got a sifu.
"oh, look at all your great luck" durr
getting a 6 on a 2h6 is like 30% chance anyway. I bought Dodge for a reason.
oh no and i'm a lightweight so this jerk can probably just lift me into the air easily
 /msg Thalia owned
d'oh
Players who attribute everything to luck often find that it is in fact skill that brings victory.
Yes.
thus the "only too late"
though I suppose it could be said that they never accept that skill isn't everything.
or
fuck
luck isn't everything
lol
that roll
don't forget lightweight lets me ignore the first 10' I fall.
why would you make him GM pathfinder
do you secretly hate him?
69!!!
this twat
I hope you don't.
Because he's dead.
because I killed him
by beating him to death with his own jaw
ah damn
"That's all I had to say and you're clearly tired so I'll let you go back to sleeping in the garbage dump or wherever it is you live." I hang up.
fuck! I slipped into first person!!!
owned!!!
I can't believe this guy actually took me up on it
I double dog dare this guy to come at me, bro, and he actually goes and does it lol.
isn't he staggered from failed dodge
[in the voice of Nonagon and not actually Nachzehrer] Okay, Blackthorn, do you know what a binary search is?
my boss is mad I didn't get enough cred for it
i'm going to invite him to my gang
no you didn't
show me
Eh.
I'm capricious.
they're recruiting Mortal Lock's corpse?
you see that Saff? I dropped that just for you & mega
gettin' late here
at least I didn't recruit a moron [looks meaningfully at Mendez]
i am personally going to post the video of you saying you want to murder a hobo in all your threads, constantly.
ohumans frums
*on the parahumans forums
Is it still a smear campaign if it's 100% true?
look it's not personal. just I'm gonna be moving into this town, and, hell, frankly it's kind of deserved.
you called me a short bitch
but also you're PRT now
and the PRT is my enemy
as I am a villain
but you're not sorry that you called me a short bitch, I notice.
But you will be. Oh, you will be.
when they try to throw shade but they just an idiot who can't even control they own power.
don't underestimate the power of a bunch of +1s
Sure. I'll meet you at high noon in the middle of the street, Saff.
no, you can't literally become Radioactive Man.
rip blackjack, long live SB
I don't think it's "I came" in that sense.
I'm not a defeatest, spelt, so I don't think Wilbur's arrival means my automatic defeat.
*defeatist
you just implied it
who knows
*this
me and Mega's character in Lausanne are married, rather than living in sin like certain people.
no Wits?
boo hoo
Guess who's back in the best country ever?" I didn't realize you were visiting the USA.
the DPRK is a played out ironic great country.
be a little more creative. why not Rwanda? or Myanmar?
I don't see what's so good about it.
Happiness is not the only important thing in the world, nor is a legacy. Human flourishing requires many things.
I'm curious what about WD's system makes you think it's the best? It's certainly both unique and functional, but I'd hesitate to call it the best.
It's lowest related stat.
MA is lesser of Brawn/Know
e.g.
You have a number of skill points equal to your Knowledge times two, that you can spread between a number of different skills equal to your Knowledge. The number of points in a given skill cannot exceed the value of the relevant stat(s).

the skills. you get the effect associated with the # of pips you bought in the skill.
because the old rule book took forever to load unless you used mobilebasic, in which case it loaded basically instantly.
I only play online.
I used to play Pathfinder, but then I found out about different systems and stopped." You poor, poor man.
god. I can't imagine if my first real intro to RPGs was Pathfinder
No I would not
*1e Exalted
lmao
Pathfinder is possibly the worst system I can imagine for GMing
that's like, a real system and not FATAL
well. I guess Exalted 1e/2e might be worse.
mechanics aid a story
well yeah in PF they don't
unless the story is about killing things and nothing else, in which case good news!
that's what D&D is about though. well. 4e's about setpiece battles. but same diff.
it's better than 3e
some people do, yes.
suddenly need to handle an unexpected combat in 4e: grab some shit from the MM real fast, refluff, stick it on the board. suddenly need to handle an unexpected combat in 3.x: hope that you wrote up the exhaustive and long, slow-to-make statblock of whoever they decided to murder. otherwise, cry.
what if it's a spellcaster.
owlbears can't cast spells
what do you want your character to be good at
if you have a skill at pip #3, you also get the effects of pips 1 and 2, except where otherwise noted
if you want to be good at ranged you need a positive dex bonus
That's what I said.
If you want to be good at ranged,
If you want to be good at [thing] you need to have [mechanical object] is just making a character. That's the point of those mechanical objects, to allow you to be good at thing.
social chameleon in a positive or negative way?
i.e. gets people and tries to fit in, or is a liar who lies?
Just gauging by what you have, I'd go for: Brawn 2/Athletics 3/Dex 4/Wits 3/Soc 4/Know 3/Guts 3. Aim 3, Street Smarts 2, Subterfuge 1. Swap the number of points in Aim and SS if you want a more social character, since pip 3 gives you a few goons.
*pip 3 of SS
that makes you a bit on the physically weak side, but very good with a gun (about as good as you can get before the GM starts grilling you on your minmaxing), good at lying, and knows a good deal about drugs and gangs.
then why has he been fired. ba-dum-tch.
i was just making a dumb joke.
let them go free, to somewhere far away from SB
where they can be happy
Ahhh.
Hmm.
On the other hand, every SB quest I've ever glanced sideways at that wasn't OC of some kind relied extremely heavily on metagaming, to the point of self-parody.
and this seems like a great situation to metagame in
it being a roulette vision is a good excuse
to just change whatever
Feint not being Feint would ruin it, like the Baltimore Director not having that french bulldog/chinese mix or whatever it was.
I think it was named Precious.
spelt, no! If you assassinate Saff, Anti will take over Killhand and there's no way he could run her as stupider than Saff does.
Yes.
Did I stutter?
Akun is smarter than Saff.
that's what makes it such a powerful burn.
I'm just going to say this to make a pun.
Letting you pay goblins with sex would create perverse incentives.
I'm pretty sure Horizon doesn't have super strength.
she had a varying Striker power
it sometimes did that. other times it blew up the car.
break into the police station. what could possibly go wrong?
where are we on the power?
I read through the logs but you guys are awful at summarizing anything.
for the Stranger element, I feel like it's more distract/disorient than stealth.
but that's just my vibe.
these powers don't seem to fit together well at all
I mean in terms of play. To-hit bonus, lightcycle mover, memory-erasing Stranger?
I think I see why 'bow would suggests the 4-powers-instead-of-2 thing for two PC capes, but god.
OK - con guy is Thinker/Master primaries, snitch is Stranger/Mover primaries?
random garbage npcs don't have perks/flaws
even a lot of meaningful ones don't
yeah
huh.
Didn't know it could do that.
1/188
-ish
47-48
47 for life perks, unless it's changed
they're not all filled out yet, the # is their objective space on the thing.
roll 'em out
lmao perfecto.
you're thinking of flourish when you say ugh.
??
only one pip?
Rock Bottom doesn't halve the strength of the perk.
how do we handle the incrementing for this
I guess only lurks' power.
this for Bogota?
$claim 68 Bogota [JustLurking]
Which things are you guys incrementing?" Was talking about $thinker/etc
should it double? I mean, it's only one trigger.
has trigger 29 been used?
narc getting his hands getting scraped off on the pavement
$brute .9
$changer .1
for spelt's mangled dude
Prisoner B's teleport power works when (unseen) OR (to unseen) OR (in low visibility vs. failed Wits), right?
Ah.
Has made.
"Can detect emotions as well as target Social and Guts stats with a few exchanges of dialogue (more time if target is attempting to hide emotions)." What does target Social and Guts stats mean, here?
Bogota
Jinx, both of you can't speak until I say your names.
Ohh, know what those stats are?
are you giving them their vial options
that's not a no
Rage imp.  Chimp sized.  Follows one order, then detonates messily."
i don't know why did you pick an emo blog title. ah, wait, I know the answer to this.
do you have logs from my last session, it's been 1m years.
It is complete enough to use, but, idk, these people can't seem to read it.
anyway, Teller, the $pc is basically complete. I might want to add a few things like the Gimmicks of the Brute to something that doesn't currently have it, but otherwise anything I'd add or change would just be more options in a list/clarifications of existing options.
k
these powers are so basic they read Facebook on their iPhones while talking to you about Game of Thrones.
can't wait for Wink to wake up so I can beat him up.
I should probably kill her and deliver her corpse to him.
boo hoo
Actually, it's Gigawatt's fault, as she is the one who killed him.
Longinus didn't do anything to kill Mortal Lock whatsoever, whereas Gigawatt actively shot him with electricity.
Killing jokes is, itself, funny.
It is necessarily funny.
Especially when they're lame jokes, like yours.
An "argument" would imply that you had anything to say.
Remember that time you pointed me out to a mercenary and almost got us both shot.
I'm RPing a woman.
Boom.
Not really.
it's not my fault 'bow wouldn't let me Guts-tank those hits instead of trying to dodge with -2 Ath.
I wasn't talking to you.
Why would he get fucked over in his session?
That would mean he gets fucked over by himself, though.
No, just spelt and you.
I haven't seen anything to indicate you're on the level of Saff or Soulpelt, or I would never have taken you up on the offer to be your twin.
positive != competence
No.
@Saff: I had enough problem dealing with some of the stuff Mega did in Lausanne, and he doesn't do half the dumb shit you do.
I literally said "guh" out loud when you gestured to me during that scene.
It's called sunk costs, Vern.
I was in costume (a costume specced for stealth!) and he was a suspected merc. Don't fucking gesture to me!!
Better nothing than something stupid.
I was in costume man.
sunk costs
once you sell your soul to the devil to save your husband it's hard to get a divorce.
doesn't work like that
Whoever made the promise first chronologically gets their promise honored. The person who made it second defaults.
What would happen if they had a child and refused to give it to the second entity? That happens to them.
I think all my WD kills are with guns?
I shot those two DMH fuckheads and that merc guy in Laus.
Accidentally?
rip baltimore
But Longinus killed himself, Thal.
Does that mean... you're Longinus?
[twilight zone theme plays]
not even counting Mortal Lock? for shame.
WD is surprisingly nonlethal.
I mean giving how much jerking off some people do about murderboxes and such.
it was a civilian, and like Marigold said, they don't matter.
3 kills:0 deaths
get on my level
~2h, right?
hasn't been a Laus session since... Ace's?
the advantage of not living in the same city as your parents is that they can't ask you to do random shit whenever
"we suck please beat us up"
in this hypothetical she's the head.
I will volunteer them nonetheless.
I could use a little longer to eat & review logs, tuzi.
if your retribution is proportionate, whycome is Mortal Lock dead and Lilith alive? Riddle me that.
getting Killhand on your side is more like teaming up with Cersei.
I 100% am not at all salty about that, and would not hire her under any circumstances.
I believe I said as much before learning you hired her.
You can't "deal with her." You can't make a stupid person smart.
have you seen how killhand operates.
sooner or later she will be called upon to make a decision and it will be an incredibly bad decision.
there will be a situation in the field where she's going to have to make a split second decision and it will be the wrong one.
just like when she sat down in the basement trying to get high enough to use her stupid rend portals
pretty sure it was getting shot repeatedly that almost killed me.
No, I don't. All random chance tends towards the mean.
Nobody can survive on good rolls for very long. I refuse to attribute success or failure to luck alone.
Oooh, rolling lower would've killed me! Well if I'd rolled higher then all my guys would've lived and Coldhand and his goons would've died. It's ridiculous.
No.
I literally haven't said a single goddamn piece of smack talk since she complained about it.
Alright, I'm good to go, Teruzi.
yeah. the last part, at least, and the rest is remembered.
good work
make it ten.
if you die do your logs get released? just curious.
nor I
Does my power work with all nonliving stuff? Trying to remember.
nonliving solids etc etc. like glass or seat cushions.
It gives those as examples.
aight.
's fine.
it's fine.
armor got totally changed in between these two sessions.
he has an upper limit
it used to be roll 1d6 instead of 1d4 for wound type, 5-6 armor absorbs. Or 1d5? Anyway. Now it's basically an extra Wound with some weird rules.
dun remember how it worked in that cause I didn't read it
it's like that except not in the Current Official Rules.
it's like that for moderate wounds, 4x as good at stopping lesser wounds, and doesn't do shit for Crit wounds.
I don't think so because that would let you regenerate at an incredibly fast pace which breaks the combat system over its knee.
he's fishfood.
feeling like an old spinster?
that's not a no
Fuck. The kid I'm kidnapping is somebody's kid, right?
some Blue guy
the logs you linked didn't include the mission
[19:43:13] * nooooIcan'thaveastupidlylongname? :Erroneous Nickname
real glad this kid didn't trigger
that'd've made this a lot harder
oh, sure.
one more update or just |||| now?
in spelt's secret session he's already arranged for the deaths of the entire PRT.
we doing power gen?
cauldron powergen is a lot more straightforward because the vials are super geared towards end results now
I don't think any of these players mixed.
they're all gonna be C53s anyway, why mess with power gen
yes.
Bane is trance, autopilot. Deus is 50/50 between controlling both and having a trance-esque deal. Let's leave that bit to a dice roll at the end.
Bane produces a projection with varied options, which then further produces lesser projections on criterion. Deus just produces a projection.
Would say, generates a single minion, elemental (lightning, water, ice, fire) themed options, trends towards Blaster/Shaker powers in terms of options. Generates lesser minions by... [criterion].
Oh?
if you wrote 20 pages on a hunter-gatherer polytheist/animist's religion that they're about to forget, then you're epic Words^3.
Are the sacrificial/offering elements strong in the religion?
Could go with on taking down opponents/on kills as the criterion for lesser minion generation, then.
Not a direct rezzing type deal, more like you're making a sacrifice of your defeated enemy and calling forth a spirit to aid you.
When her main minion kills people, that summons a mini-minion.
Until the main minion is dismissed, I'd say.
Then she has a really strong main minion.
with a few Blaster/Shaker powers.
bow, you here at all?
"The set of options the summoner chooses from is random but predictable, allowing them to choose size, function, and special qualities" <- does this mean random on powergen or random on summoning?
it wouldn't be a glass cannon unless that particular summoning decided to lean in on that.
from a larger list, right?
Like, there are eight options total, the RNG picks three, you pick one?
& new RNG each summon.
I was thinking that you had an option list for projectiles (shotgun, pistol, rocket, cone, aura, etc), and an option list for elements. Maybe projectiles chosen alter the body's stats a bit, +1/-1 here or there, some bonus feature/malus.
I could write up the table if you want.
That would be helpful, yeah.
This good? Should I do a proper write-up?
Parahuman generates a minion. At creation, selects a "projectile" type (varying in function, and tied to changes in the minion's shape), and an "elemental" type (altering damage & effect of projectiles) from a partial list. When minion or parahuman kills someone, generates a lesser minion that acts independently in accordance with parahuman's emotional state, typically chaos-inducing.
Work?
was thinking would have less odds of full level of control, yeah
lucky break
this is now the Cauldron luck phase, yeah?
so 1d4
roll 1d4
roll twice for life flaw, we pick most fitting.
yes
and then mutations
lemme check Bane and Deus's mutations real quick
roll 6d8
no special rules for Bane/Deus
and 3d6
roll 3d6, Words^3.

so, Moderate change to Mouth, negligible change to shoulders & nose.
Smile seems more appropriate than a frown.
You get point mutations because them's the rules.
Hunch, I think, isn't a full-body one?
How's this: Lower half of face, around mouth, is obviously inhuman, permanent rictus grin, made of... wood, I suppose. Stretches up to/merges with nose a bit. Shoulders lightly glow with shifting elemental qualities, fixing to whatever minion is when it's summoned.
unless Words wants to pile on mutations
"GMs/Groups are encouraged to shift or tweak the aesthetic or placement if it suits."
Could just say whole body appears wooden, with some elements near torso, yeah. If you prefer.
you opting in to be a super freak or nah?
it's spacewhale magic wood
literally has its own energy signature derived from minion
probably immune to the minion's elements, actually.
"Parahuman appears as a "wooden" figure, with a permanent, fixed smile, and glowing embers for eyes. Eyes and arcane carvings on chest/shoulders/back flare lightly with shifting elemental effect/colors, fixing to whatever the minion's element is when it's summoned." Work?
peyote
or whatever European peyote is.
I think that's basically it. You want to do the table or should I, Thal?
I think more than that, since Grey Boy didn't remember how to use a VCR.
Yes.
it's Justice in the Character Creation doc under Case 53s or wherever it is.
Oh, he went for Sigmund.
You turn into a giant monkey.
Done.
Oh sorry.
this is a more strategic scale power
application suggests an emphasis on self-improvement, humor, being an idiot.
well I mean everybody with Sigmund can bring forth latent talents or issues or suppress existing ones
they also get an extra, specific boon they can grant
or bane
he inflicts a life flaw that makes it so they think he's funny
but he's not funny, so it ruins their lives
I'd actually say subterfuge-y bits. Sneak, Subterfuge, whatever the B&E skill is, perks related to that kind of stuff.
since he's kind of a thief? it's implied?
it's spacewhale magic and one of the examples given is combat
where are we
don't think Trump's one of the power perks
there's power perks that give you secondary powers but I don't think any give you Trump powers.
oh good guess teller made it not do that thing
No, we pick most appropriate.
PF30 seems like... inane for this power, so I guess PF60 fits best.
every time you roll Social sometimes you just accidentally start psychoanalyzing people.
"I tell him I don't intent to hurt him." *rolls a 1* "That's what you mean to tell him. Instead, however, you start talking about how his mother didn't love him enough, and that what he needs to do is break out of the rut he's fallen into."
please stop
Nose, Shoulder, Torso, Hand
Hand, and shoulders, torso, nose. Torso, nose.
Nose negligible, moderate shoulders (negligible skin, head), negligible torso, moderate hands.
you look like a monkey
big old monkey hands and big old monkey chest, with light, bristly hair all over your body.
face looks like a monkey's.
not super monkey like. but, like, a human who looks like a monkey.
feels so easy
we got enough time to do another?
$roll 1d2 Pink|CG
before I click on that did you discover linebreaks
okay. so, elemental imbuement for a weapon
No.
It fucks up interaction with air friction/etc, makes it veer off course.
Okay, element ideas?
his life philosophy, focus on family/honor/etc.
hearth and home
Element is stone/rock/pebbles. Strikes imbue secondary effect (stasis-type, debuffs to Ath/Dex, loss of mobility/movement speed), or can imbue effect on surface (caltrops, ultrasmooth surface, grips for climbing).
with specifics varying based on use/practice.
No, it's made of hanzo steel folded 1000 times.
well I made a mechanic suggestion for earth one
well what does that do in functional terms
oh, fuck, Thalia, just remembered, Words^3's minion should have a bit of wood to it. because of Deus's mutation. like a little stick figure at the core or a wireframe inverse to the glowing points on Eribeth's body.
what was wrong with my write-up of stone sword
yeah, was thinking maybe metal as a direction he could practice into. more raw damage/effect, bleed, pain, caltrops, etc.
no, secondary power after strike is the stasis type stuff. He can also imbue surfaces with the caltrop/smoothness/whatever.
(Modern) Cauldron vials work a bit differently, they're designed with end results in mind. So you kind of want a "bland" version of the power described, because the power described already takes into account what a power needs (for a lot of them, anyway, fuck Grant).
e.g. Lumen has an extremely straight read on Optic, but it's a good power because Optic is already designed to make good powers.
You can't summon caltrops in people's stomachs.
it's for the floor and stuff
You hit people with it and it smears rocks all over them and they have a tough time moving.
roll 2x $power perk
uh, hmm.

err wait

must've been my copy I used to fuck w/ it.
what if he picks Flourish for Assertor
that's the Stranger secondary?
get Butcher
Yes. Lumen has Wing.
pretty recent
by WD chargen standards
works for me
is he getting Wing at half or True Use?
no, he gets the one that fits best.
you're a hobo
yeah
your power makes it hard for you to find accomodations
roll 2d3
and 4d8
extra limb & nose
and 2d6
so negligible changes to arms/legs, negligible changes to nose, moderate changes with extra limb
severe change
honestly I feel like the way Cauldron mutations works makes it hard to flavor them well. too easy to get weak mutations in small spots.
anyway. you've got an extra limb. a tail or wings or something.
it's not really fitting?
yeah but then why did you get mindwiped and dumped.
could switch his Wing app to flight
nose, arms, legs.
hmm.
tengu nose wouldn't be negligible
extra nostrilsmight be
negligible means it can be hidden without toomuchtrouble.
hidden to the point you look like a human
skin has stony quality, carvings instead of tats, big gargoyle wings?
chariot means he needs to make a nest
how many people has Valiant killed?
This is clearly untrue, on many levels.
Being intolerant of capes is normal and right.
quality over quantity, imo.
it's insanely long
He got Sigmund
CG got Assertor, if that's what you mean.
the pick 1-57
you only got one
IIRC that part is stated to be constant? So yeah, not much to talk about.
I have the exact opposite opinion on very niche powers.
That kind of power annoys me on three levels. First of all, they feel like being different for the sake of being different without considering whether it makes a story better or a game funner. Second of all, they move the thinking space away from combat to a strategic scale, determining how best to use the power, but the power is still used in combat which is very much focused on the tactical scale in WD.
Thirdly, it rarely winds up actually being "niche" or "weak" so much as that's a bit of chaff to obfuscate a power that winds up being very strong once you figure out the particular gimmick to it. Which isn't a bad thing per se (I like strong powers), but they tend to be very dull once the gimmick is found out because it can generally be spammed out the wazoo.
it's just generalities
no particular power
I'm dubious on that front, Firlz; an overly simple power disengages one from the combat system because there's simply no real choices to be made.
And, on the opposite end of the scale, if it's a less combat focused game then a more versatile/complex power is fine, because it won't be interacted with much.
most powers, you only need to keep one thing in your head, and it's particular rules and specifics; this isn't like Exalted where you're expected to remember all of your dozens of charms or D&D where you have dozens of spells, etc.
*its
?
I think you may have misunderstood my point somewhere.
define "simple" define "choices"
If the choices boil down to being functionally identical, or one is clearly optimal/ideal, then it doesn't engage the player any more than if he only had one choice. Options have to a) have overlapping relevance, b) represent changes in how interaction takes place which are meaningful to the player, and c) not have one be clearly better than the other.
It is possible, in combat scenarios, to introduce situations which create choices that have this quality; it's much easier to ensure that the power intrinsically forces this kind of choice.
he had something come up, spelt.
iirc.
Sorry to spring this on you, Spelt, but mind taking a rain check on the session 'til Saturday or Sunday?"
what does "fire additional times per round" mean? Once? Fifteen times?
in Rapid Fire specialty of Barrage.
it doesn't say that
it looks like just a better version of Bullet Hell if you have a personal gun
That's a weird place to put it.
It's there, yeah.
"The ‘Rapid Fire’ specialty opens up the opportunity to make other weapons fire multiple times a round, either making a gun that fires every other round fire once a round, or making weapons that fire once/round fire as semiautomatics, albeit being treated as if the character had 1 less Dexterity than they do."
Increases RoF from one/round to semiauto, or doubling RoF if it fires less than 1/round.
"for personal, maintained, weapon"
where are your die witch powers now
The Thinker power is supposed to impede other awareness.
The idea of the Blaster/Thinker power, if I understand correctly, is that it's something that's not trivial to aim and is prone to disruption, but is very strong IF you can get around those limitations.
just Ath. Guts isn't stamina.
which affects stamina, which isn't Guts
Mmm. Compare the advantages to the disadvantages.
I'm not seeing an Ath penalty? Is that in mutations or something.
uuuugh
Okay.
No, it's just Ath.
I'd honestly just scrape the ath penalty from vial #2, then; it's secondary, it's not like she's getting a huge effective boost from it, since we're still going with the slow-charge variant.
"high damage" is equivalent to multishots in WD.
I like the FoV clairvoyance; I'm not sure what "enhanced tracking means"; I'm not sure what the electricity does for the projectiles.
So they deal 6 Wounds in a single attack?
Honestly not a fan of the combos that have a lot of overlap like Deus/Bane or Deadeye/Icicle. Makes it hard to generate powers that touch on both.
Deadeye/Sharpshoot, rather.
Don't think I'd go with a visible focus for the clairvoyance.
I like the visual concept, but I'm not sure how it would translate to mechanics.
WD doesn't have the most granular time units, after all.
+2 Acc first shot, +1 Acc second shot, +0 Acc third shot, maybe?
"Tesla coil" spears, deal lesser shock to those within 5' of collision (not the person hit)?
Hits target, mod pierce, ignore armor; crackles with energy, hits people nearby.
Firing inflicts stagger sounds good.
300'?
how far across is a building
I'm not sure; would mean you're basically 100% fucked if you get in short range because you can't escape with your stubby legs.
0/-1/-2 in "minimum range" zone?
for the three shots
You charge before firing or you have cooldown afterwards?
Yeah. Mixing Optic/Sharpshoot or something would be way easier.
cooldown/charge are almost interchangeable and charge is probably worse
so it's fine
Has clairvoyance, can see from independent, mobile FoV between 50'-300', but at cost to normal awareness (-2 to Wits), and use that to aim Blaster power. Charges over a round and fires three metal spears into the air; against targets in clairvoyance FoV, no range penalty, +2/+1/+0 accuracy bonus. Against targets outside clairvoyance FoV, 80' range increment and 0/-1/-2 accuracy penalty. After firing, is staggered.
On hit, shots deal Moderate Pierce, and any within 5' of the collision zone suffer Lesser Shock (person impaled does not suffer this).
yeah, but it's small AoE
& you can Guts-tank it.
look at it this way, maybe you'll roll monstrum.
clairvoyance knocks out sight flat out, sure.
it's weird
bc of your vial picks
oh, yeah, that bit you roll a d22 for
Evolution.  The changes to the character’s body are progressing with time as the passenger gets a greater hold.  This means a loss of autonomy and a gain in power.
uhh hmm.
Thal, you taken a look at the mutations for Deadeye and Sharpshoot?
sharpshoot's p problematic & v triggering because it has you roll differently from normal.

it doesn't say how to do it at all
afaict
metal feathers/spines/etc.
alright. then 2d8, Ace.
hand is twisted slagged metal.
i miss anything
the last thing I saw is [6] [6] = 12
& my line
he also needs to roll 2d2? and then xd4? I think.
err. 2d2, x*2d8, xd4
6d8
yeah, it'd be better if it was a, "these are the particularly mutated spots, fit them together into a cohesive whole"
there's the guy w/ missing bits and Hunch
torso, hand, shoulders. mod torso, negligible hand/shoulder.
skin, mod-severe. but yeah.
so, mutant cannon/mortar arm and bracing arm, sure. back of torso is covered with bristly metallic spines. plus the long arms/short legs bit.
and then the whole body is metal/flesh mix just for aesthetics sake?
"so, mutant cannon/mortar arm and bracing arm, sure. back of torso is covered with bristly metallic spines. plus the long arms/short legs bit."
one point intrinsic armor, heals overnight on its own?
was thinking of the metal/flesh mixed bits as being like hair or feathers, on top of the "skin" that's normal.
I'mma writing it all up.
mix choices were explicit?
I thought they were just, "here are four vials. Pick two if you wanna."

I assumed it could.
If it's static it'd be really hard to use.
walking speed-ish
moves like the observe camera in an FPS
*Lass
I don't think Ace's idea fits the vial description.
If I understand correctly, "nuker" would be rockets, flamethrowers, shotguns, waves, etc. Not machine guns.
I'm having trouble with this vial in general.
Some time = rounds, minutes, hours?
No flight without shield forces player to stay low to the ground, reduces options/choices for little real gain.
It'd be fine for flavoring on some other power, maybe, but this character in particular is working with a continuous AoE cone attack that forces them to stay still.
@Thal: out to some range, some radius, moving through it means Pink gets to make 1d3 attack rolls.
Lasers last until start of cape's next turn.  Starting a turn, ending a turn, or taking an action/movement through the cone provokes 1d3 inaccurate hits.  Requires standing still to fire?
@Pink
hard to play/adjudicate if they can just sweep it around with their movement, and forces offense/defense type choice.
because their shard is a dick
the same reason that Skitter can't mind control humans and Regent takes time to get a feel for somebody's body
Yes, Regents are mechanical. They are designed to prevent him from just mind controlling people instantly, which would be boring. Limitations force creativity and innovation. It's one of the core justifications for the entire setting.
is it from the eyes?
why though
if they wished for a fairy god mother would they get one of those too
I don't like eyebeams unless Pink rolls that one power flaw that fucks up your senses. Not being able to move your head while maintaining a constant barrage of suppressive fire is a huge hindrance.
Even if she can see through lasers, she still can't move her head to look to the side.
do you know how quickly a human can run CG
Forcing them to make a choice is absolutely reason enough.
It's also a heavy, tanky type power. Big strength, low mobility.
Yes it does.
anyway nobody puts anything in mph in game because nobody moves on an hourly basis
It was the implication of bow's description.
If the justification of the setting doesn't apply to Cauldron capes, Cauldron capes shouldn't have Manton limitations to not hurt themselves, and they should all be retardedly OP rather than just a slim fraction.
(And there's a slim fraction of retardedly OP natural triggers: Jack Slash, Bonesaw, Nilbog, Miss Militia.)
Skitter's not on that scale.
Miss Militia can make a nuke.
Glaistig Uaine is literally insane.
No she isn't.
Really.
Fuck off, Pink.
As opposed to the attitude of just randomly insulting me?
Pink, it's very frustrating when I try to put in the time and effort to make sure you don't get a boring power and you spit in my face like that. It's especially so given that I was taking time from preparing for a game to help out.
So you think that my behavior was inappropriate and then you turn around and do the exact same thing?
Is that how you feel this has played out?
I frequently feel that my presence here is tolerated only due to my various contributions to the IRC, of which a major one is assisting in power gen, so pardon me if I take that line of attack a little personally.
I am also here.
I believe the intent of the energy release is that it's negative, effectively turning them into mines or whatever you want to call it.
oh, haha, you thought it was all four?
yeah that'd be a hellish power
Was thinking something similar.
I was thinking more "curse of god" type deal.
Difficult to perceive, relatively long-lasting. Increased vulnerability to attacks, maybe?
Any other ideas, re: energy type?
Is there supposed to be an upper limit to the quantity of matter generated, 'bow?
she's a miko. very different.
?
this some reference I'm not getting
Abrahamic
Caseropapism, looks like.
in not-Byzantium
so Christian Orthodox iconography
Actually, what about crown of thorns type deal? Fits the religion and her "I wish I could have kids but alas" thing.
though obviously not literally crown of thorns, but something elementally reminiscent
explodes in concertina wire?
pierce damage and some mobility limitation
Mason: 
Is there an upper limit on # summoned in short order?
I was asking more in terms of raw size; there's a minimum (5x5x5) to a single formation but no maximum.
Doesn't say range in the description unless I'm missing something.
I think they do move, yeah. Otherwise 'bow's stab thing wouldn't make sense.
with or without exploding into effect?
half effect is fine.
100' for max range? 50'?
50' it is
Generates blocks (min size 5' cube) and statues (similar size), potential stabbing damage as statues manifest, if holding a weapon or of particular shape, upper limit based on concentration/aptitude. On destruction or unsummoning, thorny brambles spill out to surrounding area (10' radius), dealing a Moderate Pierce and -1 to Ath to those hit unless they take a round to clear the debuff (penalty stacks, time to clear stacks).
If pressed up against surface/person, squash/push with Brawn 6, cube crumbles if it can't win the attempt, inflicting half-effect (5' radius, Less Pierce, -1 takes half-round to clear, no stacking). 50' max range, requires sight on area.
works?
he said he'd be unavailable in 10ish minutes and it's been 11.
Oh, you're back.
you wanna roll d22
Bye!
the second fits well too but it, also, on an unrelated subject, is extremely situational and not very good even then.

it's 2d8 for each
no
fifteen
& also it is a pyramid focused on the mean, which is 9
neg torso, neg ear, mod eye, severe leg
and the mutation for Mason is...
$roll 1d2 -Ath+Guts/-Wits+Know
I assume element is tied to element of cubes?
So towering form, elongated legs, something weird with eyes, something minor with torso/ear. Some overall alteration to entire body.
Am imagining very tall, 8-9' body, especially long legs, snakes of thorny brambles along skin, protruding slightly, looking almost like veins or tattoos. Eyes bleed occasionally, nonharmful, but there.
he got life luck and, basically, blocks which explode into thorny brambles.
Mason
it's got the effects described above at :03 by Pink
it stopped
Mine: "Am imagining very tall, 8-9' body, especially long legs, snakes of thorny brambles along skin, protruding slightly, looking almost like veins or tattoos. Eyes bleed occasionally, nonharmful, but there." Pink's: " Probably not quit so extreme, though still a bit beyond 'human' in the elongation. Perhaps with architectural 
elaborations and the like. Stained glass eyes?"
blocks are vaguely crystalline/colored glass-like, eyes are similar.
i'm honestly not a huge fan of stain glass eyes because I can't imagine it as looking like anything but bug eyes
six.
Can anyone think of another PC Trump like Thal's Berlin Trump? I feel like it's similar to another one but I can't put my finger on it.
Nah, nah. The mixture of potential bonuses and maluses. Power alteration in both positive and negative directions.
how do they move your car
or turning 15
jeez
fine.
there was a canon cape who was a brute multitrigger, right? like, in the wards/timeskip thing she came up I think?
darn. not quite what I was remembering. thought it was more a Circus type mix (diverse, non-overlapping powers) than a Flechette one (intertwined powers).
no it's the person I remember
I just remembered it wrong.
I swear, everyone's a darn East Coaster" That's not true, some of them are damn West Coasters.
Hmm? What?
well apparently dolyn would've accepted the twin offer
and becoming my twin tossed her way down the ladder
SB does not know how to play a quest without metagaming out the wazoo so no thanks.
I think I probably underestimated their number more than anything else, I don't doubt their capacity, it's just that between the RPs and the CYOA it look they're producing a lot" A lot of crap.
nice, uh, edited EU3 map
if it's Risk why is there massive wastelands
because it stole the map from EU3
maybe 4

it's an eu3 map
it's got the face in tibet and everything
the big problem with tg campaign settings is nobody ever thinks about how to actually play a game with them, see: the entire world map being fuckoff huge.
I can't BELIEVE you thought it was a Risk map rather than recognizing it as an EU3 map.
if i dump you do you think you can find somebody else to twin with thal
I don't want to leave you hanging.
oh, if you were needing a new PRT director I was thinking about it.
kill all your players off and call it a day.
you can't dodge more attacks than you can't withstand.
shadow echidna idiot second triggered, as I recall. so did that one Vancouver tinker.
maybe
the one who intentionally stepped in front of the bullet and the one who ripped his own arm off
the one who intentionally stepped in front of the bullet was... Proth?
they were doing it specifically to second trigger, as I recall.
_seen Vulstag
nice old lady
yeah but you get returned to your previous slot right
the stat distribution in WD is a way of dealing with the fact that most WD characters are basically random samplings from a pool of teens and twenty-somethings.
so they shouldn't be badass ninjas, but basically average out to normal
i dunon, 5x strength perk/flaw seems like it would be straight stupi.d
*stupid
that'd be badass
or do you get to pick from the 52-79 options?
what the hell is that name
you stealing my name
I never sausage a game.
eww reddit
what state is DE
not fri/sat but otherwise whenever
i'm busy for the rest of the day, pretty much
lmgtfy.com
mad scientist.
Cwn is a terrible name, by the way. Let me demonstrate why: *rolls up sleeves* Cwnt.
close enough, serk.
that's not the command
it's $claim 82 Wilmington [Lid]
no, it belongs to soulpelt, who is in Lid Wilmington
i'm just gonna go find it on the doc and fix it
there, fixed
Alt: A Mover with a rating above 5 is assumed to be impossible to contain by traditional means; a Mover with a rating above 9 is sufficiently powerful you inform adjacent cities because they may be threatened in a confrontation. At 10, you don't confront without a specific plan, and generally also with backup.
So for a teleporter, I'd say either extremely high range with moderate cycling (e.g. Strider, Doormaker), or substantial range (a block or so) with insane cycling (several shots a second, secondary power handles all the disorientation).
rip. tubes got the fail aids and died.
At least he died doing what he loved: being alive.
why not steal from an unoccupied clothing store
seems to me that would result in a lot fewer deaths
so what
she should've been expecting *something*
hmm.
lo
lol
With decoys, I'd say, it needs a little more. If you're going on the more physical end of decoys...
Hmm.
I was thinking, you hit the decoy, it's not made of meat. Materials it's made from grind on melee weapons, fists, chew things up that get thrown into them. Crushing-esque damage, because of feigned injuries in trigger which are probably bruises (maybe cuts).
do try to remember to think about how the power would actually work in game
there's a slight drug element to the trigger, could be a conditional power.
drunk enough to have a hangover
I actually feel like it'd be more the distraction/disorientation end of Stranger powers than the straight stealth/camo.
resetting focus feels really abstract and hard to keep the player/GM on the same page about what their power is doing
Actually.
Okay. How about this: minor Thinker power provides vague awareness of emotions (especially high emotions, confusion, etc; not specifics, but location/panic kind of deal), Stranger power is charged, builds up to a large AoE, people hit get confusion effect.
slow to charge, for the conditional element
anyone in area
can store it for a little while, I'd say? but then they have to burn it
Sure.
Faster charge in combat situations (3 rounds, tops), slow charge outside of them (minutes/hours, depending).
"Maintains close romantic or familial (or both) ties to unpowered individual" "or both" mmm hahaha.
I can only assume that means LP3 allows for incest.
anyway.
PP68 or LP3
no
it would be $power perk
well it got it anyway.
i'd actually say
for the first one, 1.5 months, both the teamwork bonus AND the ability to revoke/penalize.
three power flaws
which is $power flaw
it says OR very explicitly and in caps
they "get the ability" OR "they can have the ability".
what did alumnor come out as
" for the first one, 1.5 months, both the teamwork bonus AND the ability to revoke/penalize."
$stranger .8
$thinker .2
the fall of Western civilization
ooh, look out, it's the name police, here to tell us what is and isn't a name.
If only there was some way to jerk off using just your imagination and memories...
memories of a pretty girl. memories of a glimpsed breast. memories of a woman leaning over.
Redcap's as dead of mortal lock.
do you have a body
if you don't have a body she's not dead.
the gemma is part of the corona
where does it say that
not in the story
no, I checked Bonesaw's chapter, all she says is the Gemma's part of the corona.
not that it forms once you get powers
site:[url]
this is the chapter 
ath is endurance, guts is grit.
"it's a minigame, with no real payoff or failure" Wow. Wow.
Let's unpack this.
You might as well say there's no point to a social roll in general.
you could obviously integrate it into morale
I don't think it's a good idea though
The closest I've seen to a "good" social "system" (i.e. not just roll a dice GM fiat succeed/fail) is Ex3's, but it's also basically a brick wall in terms of play.
did you claim
$claim 13 Bogota [Antioch]
uhh
no
what's the categories
just thinker?
$thinker 1
has it
there's no way it's that old
Why not?
Give me, mmm, sixteen good reasons not to have sex with your sibling, assuming they're attractive.
you turn into a tentacle monster
You turn into a smoky tentacle monster which grabs people and makes them all apathetic and forgetful or w/e.
$claim 9 Bogota [soulpelt]
why would I wear the Tempest bodysuit instead of the Glider one?
aren't you 5'4"
that was at tuzi
you're in no place to call somebody else a manlet
Hmmm.
If it's not an insult, why would it needle him? Trapped.
ty
thal
speaking of.
Teller, have you figured things out with Vulstag/secured a good replacement?
yeah that's all he said that day
way less than that
at least lately
I'm not observant of people's presences but I was checking in the logs recently. It was like, he was here May 15 for less than an hour; for a while May 9th; and for a while May 5th.
darn I was hoping I could foist it off on you
she decided to do something else, the hussy.
I don't want to abandon my twinship with Thal but also the game needs somebody to be PRT director. I'm torn.
Why can't I have a clone so one of me can do the PRT director and one can be thal's twin.  Unlike Anti, I would not murder my clone.
It's not a pressure issue, so much as how I approach games in general.
Wow.
Wow, tubes. Let's unpack that statement.
Do straight lords not read? I imagine most of the nobility is at least basically literate.
I think yay. What do I need to read/prepare?
$life
lol
$life
reroll as in another $life or another $life perk?
$life perk
gah.
prt director in sicol bend
I knew I had to be PRT Director when I went to PM ATM and rolled 1d2 (PRT|Twin), and got Twin three times in a row.
yes

it's only a 1/8 chance.
not that unlikely
is the... former career thing from the PRT master ref a thing?
right.
My only regret... is that I had bone-itis.
should I clip out the "power" and "trigger event" boxes and such, Teller?
yeah, gotcha.
man, sicol bend is an even bigger career killer than Brockton Bay.
wha
how old is his character
he took too many painkillers and OD'd. RIP.
askloud.
[in Naruto "believe it!" voice] Conceive of it!
they have their own late 90s and earl 00s culture, even better than our own. did you ever think of that?
replaced by an even sexier girl.
what is the matter with british people. "potato gems."
more like
Australians = British
Post-Leviathan Japan would still make animes, just now there will be that a thick glaze of Kyushu in the way that our anime has a thick glaze of Hiroshima/Nagasaki.
well. military dictatorship/hiroshima/nagasaki/american occupation.
it would probably be considered super fucking crass.
and they'd basically stop making them
as opposed to "potato gem"
which summons to mind an erudite man of refined taste.
potato gem sounds like some crap from a stupid iphone game basic bitches play.
for real though potato gem sounds like an item in the unholy fusion of Bejeweled and Farmville.
here's a log for ya. *takes a dump*
she thinks she can beat me
why would I get in rending range
on which
you don't own her
also, what am I, chopped liver?
yes
what a fool you were
black and red spiky armor, Saff.
what.
it's not barrage, it's aim.
it's called a refractory period
what if they intentionally put it in your butt?
Teller, do I do anything with Goals as a PRT Director?
oh, the issue I was having is I don't have a super good idea of the organization's current condition or anything so I don't really know what would be appropriate.
Especially since in theory all of the triggers should be good one if they're on the doc." Interesting theory. It'd be a real shame if somebody were to... test it.
unchecking print layout only works if the document is commentable or editable (to you), iirc.
otherwise it always puts it in print layout and you can't do anything
what if it was your brother
#challengeaccepted
they're not there yet, obv.
test
I should be showing up soon.
As the new PRT director. You're getting a one-way ticket to jail.
superman. batman. spider-man.
oh, anti, I remember seeing yesterday you had a question for me I think
Oh, this is an easy trigger.
Armor plated face.
probably in the baltimore doc

namefluid
boom
it's going
using Ctrl+F
i'm here now anti
"uninspiring"
it's uninspiring.
1,2,3,4 point spread on everybody
force tunnel, rapid suction along a path the parahuman sets. can use to shove opponents back, launch heavy objects, create impassible areas, or move rapidly.
limited angle upward so you don't just launch everybody into the air
oh
one zone at a time or multiple?
well he said "let's wait" so I was thinking he wanted me to do it
dolphins are intelligent
well. bottlenose ones anyway.
I'd think, hmm... Binary... and maybe... Focal?
changer, turns into a moose and speaks moose.
I could see an edge of it.
via abuser
definitely not seeing Chaos
well what's the item
no
he just rolls $perk

what about minion, and the minion's positively affected by gas clouds/chemicals while others are negatively affected?
mm.
maybe.
actually, there's kind of a changer edge to the trigger, could tie it into the bodysuit idea.
cease speaking of dnd/pf at this instant
wait so what's the implement
If?
Hey Soma, want to join a cool gang?
No!
I'll just smash his face in.
Good luck.
I'm behind Ath 4 Dodge 4.
and if I get another milestone I might pick up Ath 5.
two and I might get to Ath 6.
I can go beyond Ath 5 with milestones bitch
because I've got +1
from my power
She can have one of her buddies go kill you.
Every cape has weaknesses. That's why they organize in teams.
just going down to the local Sniper Rifle Store to buy some Sniper Rifles.
if you have all these sniper rifles lying around to shoot me why don't you use them to shoot the people who are actually wrecking your shit
Not a compelling reason.
Frankly.
she's going to be magically killed
Joke's on you.
I don't love anything.
Except murder.
And violence.
Name yourself Dongs REO Speedwagon.
so you thinking hero or villain soma
could be a mom
I'll recruit you into my gang.
it's good that you're not near portland
that way when I get the nuclear launch codes, you can survive.
] cup thing
i had some flies back at my old place for a while and you can kill an insane amount of them with this:  (#2 is the one I used)
you may have used the wrong bait
Works In My Apartment
are you sure they're fruit flies
i used a little bit of orange juice for it
or i think it was orange juice
one of those juice bottles
runaway
@thal
owned. by the spherical nature of the earth.
you're sorry to hear he's listening to some rad tunes and chimpin' out?
clingy fwb
friend with benefits
Huh? But you just got Killhand?
she literally tried to murder multiple homeless people
what definition do you use
because she did
How about the one in "tried to cheat on spouse." Because she did.
uhh
If I go to a bar to pick up chicks, I'm trying to cheat on my spouse. Even if somebody interrupts me.
okay
Killing an enemy combatant in the middle of a fight isn't the same as trying to randomly murder somebody.
then seems like you're full up on murderers
who did giggs kill
Lock doesn't count
that's blatantly acceptable force in a combat scenario.
that's like saying a cop is a murderer for shooting somebody who shot at him
can I join the PRT
I mean, the only people I've killed are villains.
Wow.
Nachzehrer's qualifications to join PRT: has never murdered, or tried to murder, hobos [✓], has only killed villains [✓], what more do I need?
This is heightist.
I will report these discriminatory practices to the better business bureau.
Way to assume Nach has no honest desire to change.
^
Thank you for your solidarity.
even with heels Nach would still be beneath your standards.
If I tried to join the PRT, I would honestly desire to change, to working for the PRT.
You can't know that.
Even the very wise cannot see all ends.
I'm going to contrive an arc where I join the PRT, and you're going to feel really dumb.
but I'm vulnerable to sniper rifles, don't forget.
which makes me totally different from all the other capes in cleveland.
and now we know she's invulnerable to sniper rifles
you fool
Oh, she infiltrates gangs? Cool. That means when I kill a snitch and bury him in a shallow grave, I might be knocking off one of the Protectorate capes.
that's what you do to snitches. this isn't edge.
Then call me Edward Scissorhands.
durr I don't like the conversation hurr
there's no need to pull the "Yes, you're all having a conversation, but I don't like what the conversation is about so let's talk about something that's not even on topic" either.
Pretty sure he just politely asked him not to.
neither do the Silver Bullets
which one
14
too bad
If Nach dies or something I'm going to see if I can convince anti to let me legacy my Oakland cape as a Ward.
duality changer
later
If I recall correctly and the used trigger sheet isn't lying, she was the inspiration for your Detroit trigger.
Like. I JUST SAVED YOUR LIFE." Wow. Just because you saved his life, he has to date you? Let's unpack this.
Very problematic. Such entitled. Much wow.
Panda's already being birdcaged?
Probably.
iirc there's WoG on it
to the effect that Tinkers in prison just wind up disassembling everything they can get their hands on to make machine guns
panda: "I have to wait one day in my revenge plot? No! I must kill all the PRT, and then drown myself!"
isn't there Fidler for that
what if multiple people die at the same time.
well.
panda's going to drown.
heiro already died.
do an opposed roll for who gets heads, then do a coinflip
it's the same basic principles
You did nothing wrong, eh?
You know what the last person to say that did?
guess who else did that
you know
who else
would say that
anyway. hopefully Ashcloud Akira drowns and I don't have to deal with her shit.
I gotta give Teller my sheet.
Psyche and Berzerker.
psyche is nice, berserker is hot garbage even for a non-Director character.
Brawn 2 Ath 2
pastebin it then link
I can look at it.
both look good, Courageo2, though I'd clip away at the second a bit, in terms of length. Also I don't believe a colon means you capitalize the next word.
here's a spoiler: it goes downhill.
oh if you're through the second season you're already at the point where it goes downhill.
It does feel like Focal, Hyperspecialist, etc, exist in an entirely separate and orthogonal concept space to Controller. I don't think I'd describe Resource Tinkers that way, though.
compare/contrast Controller/Focal with Focal/Focal and a Master minion.
Ooo, you predicted that in a draft, the player would get the trigger category they wanted!
pretty sure he's said he's a tinker dork in the past
No.
no using the most astroturfed meme on the internet.
It's okay to use memes as long as they aren't fucking Denny's memes.
talk with the players about what they would be interested in doing
I'd say, either have them be heroes who have a personal gripe with a specific (larger/more powerful) gang that they need to gradually grind down (e.g. Baltimore and Rogue Wave), or villains and give them the overall goal of taking and controlling a chunk of territory.
Because I don't want six arcs of therapy sessions but I don't want an unbelieveable switch between hot mess and Hero™" Have a heroic death where you redeem yourself taking down Wink, but sadly die in the process.
I'm never gonna get the $50k for taking down Killhand now...
She deserves it.
Tuzi. It's your job to use your position of power over her to ruin Cwn Annwn's stupid life by giving her terrible advice.
damn. he missed me telling him what his jobis.
Tuzi. It's your job to use your position of power over her to ruin Cwn Annwn's stupid life by giving her terrible advice.
do your best.
We /can/ not. But will we not?
You join a major gang, but do they call you Killhand the DMH head? No. You sign up with the PRT, but do they call you Cwn Annwn the sellout? No. But you try to kill /two/ hobos...
I still don't understand why Ashcloud Akira just randomly decided to try to kill a bunch of PRT people and then dive-bombed into the river. Doesn't seem to make much sense, to me.
Bel, this is all your fault, and now I have to deal with it because your character had a heart attack.
look if you put your  mouth near a dog's face you know what's going to happen.
dog can't be blamed.
i'm my own biggest fan
so i support myself in all things
i'm a great team player, on my own team.
you tried to talk while a dog was being held two inches in front of your face? come on. you knew what was going to happen.
dog + face = lick mouth
that's what they do
automatically
every time
And he'll be right.
PTSD's timescale is a month+, not six.
It's differentiated from acute stress disorder and shock because it's specifically long-term, whereas a lot of the symptomology of PTSD is common in the immediate aftermath of a traumatic event but doesn't persist long-term.
*doesn't necessarily persist long-term
not that savvy
"Considered, and accepted. Now, will you do the same?"
Nachzehrer versus Killhand, whoever loses, Cleveland wins.
owned
I believe Bel is referring to Link, when he says "excuse me, princess."
Frankly, at this point the Princess really ought to just excuse him.
I mean it's a stupid meme, that's not funny, and literally has suddenly been thrust into the limelight by a g-ddamn Denny's meme.
*tweet
Denny's tweet.
May 9, 2016, Denny's twitter account made a goddamn dat boi meme tweet.
now it's become super common
Look. Major corporations already launch psychic attacks at me via Redditors constantly blathering about Costco. I just want a safe space from them.
no!
see!!!
This is what I'm talking about.
let's go through the entire list of perks and flaws and decide which ones would and wouldn't apply
no
it's sarcasm
is third column PP or LF
well, which power perks/flaws would apply is something that would depend on how twins with powers (e.g. Fenja/Menja) actually work, which isn't really covered in WoG or canon.
Jilted ex-partner, probably.
identical twins
fraternal twins are just siblings born at the same time
character's family being a problem would probably share. young
Cultural Gap
destitute, assuming you're actually buddies
same with homeless
kinda LF36
Illiteracy, maybe
Dying
Past crimes
assuming you're on a team, Nex.
Nemesis
probably the stat ones?
If I was GM I might make players flip a coin for the mental illness ones, addiction, etc. Heads you share, tails you don't.
I'd probably share the stat ones just because if I was /playing/ a twin, I'd want to have the same statline as my twin, or very close.
same statline as long as my twin didn't dump Guts, I'll say.
rip if true
a lot depends on how identical twins actually work for powers. which would be something to bug bow about if and only if somebody were doing identical twins, at that moment in time.
she should do some squats.
hoist by his own petard.
definitely don't let crazy be on top, jfc that's even worse.
Coward would've worked fine, I would've thought. It doesn't do anything in noncombat situations.
well I mean. the mechanic represents fear of combat situations.
Averse is the social coward.
Poor Amphetamine Queen shot Jetstream in the chest.
I don't think there is even WoG confirmation of the Eidolon/Endbringer connection. It's all implications.
Bottlenecking the plot being the most prominent example, but also players that drag their feet when you GM them and don't tend to keep the wheels of the plot spinning of their own volition." Ah, that's simple. You brutally murder them with a machete.
"Also do we know if there is a difference between a belaris drinking a vial and someone who is incapable of triggering?" Higher risk of deviation. DM mentions it as why she doesn't have powers.
do not tell Undine not to be mean to her
why not buy Battleborn instead? :^)
that's too kind to BB and too cruel to Pepsi
For another example, Battleborn is hot garbage, while Overwatch is apparently pretty good.
That's unfair to League of Legends.
Overwatch is like a good game. Battleborn is like a really bad, unpopular game, with an insane grind that nobody plays.
something else it shares in common with BB
I meant being shit.
You'll have a hard time doing that.
people generally actually get to play those games, rather than waiting in queue for thirty minutes before getting a game where half the people quit because the matchup doesn't let them fill out their lore bonuses.
this is the unskippable cutscene you're greeted with when you boot up Battleborn: 
at least the first time
maybe it'swhen you start the campaign?
note: contrary to Kotaku, this cartoon is not "so good," except perhaps in some sort of ironic sense, where good actually means bad.
well they named the video
okay, yeah, it's at the start of the prologue which I think you have to do, and God Help You if your internet goes down or anything, because yes, you will have to do it again.
and watch it again
it's cool how really bad art direction is funny, but really bad writing is unbearable and makes you want to track down the writer and beat him to death.
I don't know what "owns it" means here. The Gearbox writers definitely think they are actually funny rather than unbearable.
"for every kind of badass"
it's a total flop lol
it's as grindy as a F2P game but it's $40. was $60.
as I said last time this came up, if you put your mouth near your dog's face, there is only one possible result of that action, which is the dog licking your mouth.
reee get rid of the channel limit reee
ot enough.
*not
trigger vet: 
yeah. in here. when i posted it.
not particularly.
if she did fry Saff that would be good. for me.
pls bully
Invalid card '[u'PC-Type Striker I']'"
from my pms
the epic of gilgamesh does have some contrivances, yeah, like when the snake steals his immortality weed at the end. that's BS.
not sure what you're "hmm"ing over. that's an accurate appraisal of the epic of gilgamesh.
teller's contribution shouldn't be understated. there's like twelve different patterns that powers follow and the entire card system had to be overhauled to do it, i think
Surrender to the PRT, is my rec.
They can. But they won't.
if you knew it was a trap, why did you walk right into it?
do not do this
Unf" Something you're not telling us?
decapitate him with your hanzo steel
owned
then don't roll dice in those situations
that sounds more like Exalted than Nobilis
enough. the dice bots are the same as regular dice, which is to say, random. not "looks random," but the actual, real random, where 1,2,3,4,5,6 is as likely a roll as 3,2,4,1,5,6.
Yes.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me
lol
sure, I blame gravity when I drop shit. when I'm alone.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me.
why not play a system that's actually good, instead of Pathfinder. just thinkin' out loud here.
*removes comically massive sheet of paper from pockets and begins to read from it*
Caster supremacy. Bonus fishing combined with splat bloat. Save or dies turning combats into rocket tag. The CR system doesn't work. The complete and utter lack of balance or even a coherent design philosophy.
I am fortunate enough to have never been subjected to Pathfinder.
"He can swing his sword ALL DAY"
How can you know that poop doesn't taste good without eating it??
It's 3.5, but somehow even worse.
Oh, and because of PF's insistence on full statblocks for everything, prep work for the GM is insanely overbearing, compared to, say, 4e or Fate or Nobilis or basically literally any other system, up to and including Exalted 3e.
any system is "playable" and "enjoyable" if it is done with friends.
Perhaps I should rephrase it. A system can actively encourage and enhance fun. Or it can not. Being with other people and participating in a collective activity is, itself, an enjoyable thing (see: church, football, book club, etc).
pro strat.
"Ah, yes, mmhmm. You attack the Beholder." *rolls some dice* "Oh, wow. It's dead. Damn. Lucky. I did NOT expect this."
every time your players do basically anything say "wow, I did NOT expect this."
change "people" to "the people who broke D&D in the first place" and you've got it.
Wow, looks like Playpen did some good work today.
in my client
i just woke up so no
All you had to do was stay in the damn holding cell, AA!
rip to he who is dead.
I don't think kicking up a fight right in PRT HQ over not being willing to take a slap on the wrist punishment is what I would call "bright."
Potatoe, potatoh.
are you and Pink going to be twins in Sicol
aren't you in the queue?
no, Dol is a monster who refuses to twin with Thal
i was further behind than you.
and she was willing to twin with me
killing you?
oh man
i had a really good idea just now
creating drama
What if, in Sicol Bend, somebody played a cape who used to be in Anti's old team.
I broke into her house and am currently threatening her with a gun to get her to post on IRC, Bow.
no. the players are exalted.
boohoo
Hrm.
+3 to guts is ridiculous
but w/e
$refresh cards
2w is fine
Stellaris is pretty good if you time travel to a couple months in the future after Paradox has patched it.
I love the damn Brand and can't help but buy crappy, unfinished games from Paradox.
I recommend killing all who oppose you.
Nicer than you??
Is such a thing even possible?
Before and after, stark contrast. That's what's up" What if you have to do more than one take, though?
oy turn off the channel limit!!!
I left Supers2016, what more do you want?
Generally speaking it is recommended you leave the details of your character's concept/manifestation to after you trigger.
Also I'm pretty sure that nobody claimed or incremented for either of the last two triggers and I'm writing a note to the PR lady so somebody else do it.
heh. buttheads.
yes, you and mega ARE both buttheads.
how do you say "yeah, more than half your ideas are shit, here's why" and also be polite
why would Mishie know
I'm not trying to be an ass about it, it's just that when you say, "Okay, X sucks, here's why. Y sucks, here's why. Z sucks, here's why. A and B are alright though, let's go with them," kind of comes off as negative.
i'm not literally saying they suck bitch
I'm playing a bullet traveling down the barrel of a gun headed for your head irl.
Remember, NPC and ABC - Never Play Cowards, Always Be Crazy.
It's like poetry. It rhymes.
Run over her and park on her chest. Problem solved.
wow.
Nice misgendering. Bigot.
except that door is actually a jar.
don't you still have amom
*a mom
mmm.
Amomkun would be epic.
No, and nobody claimed the one before that either.
was camtist for miller's creek
DION"T
DOn't
yeah
alright. you fuckers.
what categories was camtist's power.
also, jurk's power, which you ALOS did not claim
reee
$changer .7
$stranger .3
okay. you guys ALSO did not claim Jurk's power to spray his limbs all over people. OR Teruzi's (Madison?) power
19 and 28th
not in that order
what did you roll organ spray for Jurk
limb spray
what game
$trigger 63
this one
$claim 63 Wilmington [JustLurking]
$shaker .8
$brute .1
$breaker .1
ColdGold, you here?
Teruzi's Thinker/Changer twin character is Madison, right?
$claim 36 Madison [Teruzi]
$thinker .8
$changer .2
PLEASE claim and increment when you finish the power, it's way more efficient and easier.
very carefully
two of the earlier ones
or maybe not
what's spelt's power need to be incremented for
what's the game
miller's creek?
$claim 82 Miller's Creek [soulpelt]
$tinker 1
i'm going to kill all four "main" players. show you who's ancillary.
who wants to join my gang and help me kill Wink, Dags, Cwn, and Khandhas?
sold
Actually, there are backsies.
Ask Firlz if there are backsies for a contract in this case.
Thank you.
Also murder is a crime and thus not really a valid contract.
Hmm? Oh, I already got one.
btw, if you see Panda, tell him I'm giving Playpen a big reward for killing Ashcloud Akira.
can you imagine if AA'd escaped? good god.
Ashcloud Akira? Yeah. She dead. That's what it says on the log.
She kills punk ass bitches.
I believe Tells has said he's dead or in critical condition in the chat, so either way I need somebody to replace him.
yeah instead he just killed a great man. a great person. taken from us before his time by a volatile thug.
him killing Oz REALLY fucked me up lol.
he got blasted by a psychopath
he was like the only member of my team who can do flashy
"Wields a variety of mood altering, light-based devices. His versatile mace is of particular note."
gaylant
kukuku
Logos
Good.
Nach, upon Cwn getting stabbed in the butt whilst on the toilet by the ghost of Mortal Lock: "Good."
Nach, upon Cwn getting stabbed in the butt whilst on the toilet by the ghost of Mortal Lock: "Good."
!search sue me
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 477)
the epic of gilgamesh does have some contrivances, yeah, like when the snake steals his immortality weed at the end. that's BS. (at line 464)
I don't really need to do anything to Cwnt, Wink will take care of her for me in the end.
Nach is very spry.
asked when
when would I have asked you to help me.
I can do that on my own, I'm a grown-ass woman.
And I'm also twenty something. Making me a grown-ass woman.
and I can jump hella high
no she didn't
In order to be dumped, you must first be in a relationship.
frankly, Malcolm made the right decision.
a decision few men would have made in his shoes
He hit it, and quit it. A hard decision, but the right one.
Doesn't matter, had sex.
if you have sex with a nut, you should NOT double down by letting them turn you into their bf.
As per always.
Seems like a good relationship for you, fuckin' a married dude. Maybe you'll be less clingy.
having sex with a neurotic nineteen year old? oh nooo anything but thaaaat.
This is the one thing we didn't want to happen.
I know how Non spends his weekends now" Alone, at home, playing RPGs, reading forums, or jerking off?
p much
a handjob?
what the christ
Oo, let's all brag about all the sex that we have. Ooo, look at me, I convinced a member of the opposite sex to have coital relations with me! Aren't I special?
Nach'd be a much better lover. Less crazy, and the experience is a lot more unique.
How many guys can say they've had sex with a 4'6" girl who could lift them?
not once I chop off her legs
wow.
You know what else is a good way to get Mendez to bring the hammer down on you? Completely surrounding the PRT headquarters.
And then firebombing the police department
"Oops."
rename him Dongs REO Speedwagon
You firebomb /one/ police station, they never let you hear the end of it.
he got a secret power
while spelt constantly talks about how he's metagaming to kill me
"default" on your mortgage!!!
my costume includes a helmet m8.
snipe me thru my armor if you dare
Dominator
Victory
Invictus
what
would be a bad idea
too many
they should be redistributed to the needy
Teller, did Burr have a lethal heart attack or did he just take a long break
nice old lady
no pets
she's not a crazy cat lady
i couldn't say
it doesn't do anything mechanically
but I was looking for a good background to give some hooks for the character and distinguish her from other PRT Directors, and parahuman scientist seemed like a good start.
Also, the way I figure it, I will be a convincing parahuman science expert since I've sperged out about powers ~100x as much as most of the other people in chat.
why not
you wrote a trigger for yourselF/
?
it says its for jerks. boom. nailed it.
why wouldn't the spouse, like, run away, or try to kill the Master
It's not exactly a bad sentence." It's definitely pretty bad. 'reaped' doesn't work very well in this context, and 'or possibly spears' is just awful.
"Unable to even resist, their miserable lives were reaped by swords, or possibly spears."
you have to draw attention to it if it's meant to be a joke. e.g., "...by swords, or possibly spears. I wasn't paying much attention."
Blushy, you suck.
Yeah, I didn't think you had anything to say to that.
Did you ever consider that Blushy may have deserved it?
No.
engaged to each other? are you advising some sort of polygamous mass-marriage?
that'd be engaged with
oh, uh, sure. gimme a sec.
"[13:58:27] * Prothean (Prothean@net-lumhum.ca.charter.com) has joined"
for what
what benefit did you receive
I don't think any triggers make you a neo-nazi.
Panda: "May 30 21:24:35 <Nonagon>	btw, if you see Panda, tell him I'm giving Playpen a big reward for killing Ashcloud Akira."
there's no specific "nazi" life flaw
or life perk
And if you don't want to be a neo-nazi you can play a radical socialist.
Look, Panda. She liked Oz, you killed/maimed him. He was the ONLY guy she liked. What she did, while not what I would have told her to do, was understandable and it helped me out by getting your dumb ass out of the picture.
I shan't be fair when I announce that the volatile parahuman "Ashcloud Akira," after threatening two college students and starting a fight, killed the leader of the local Protectorate and had to be taken down thanks to the hard work of Playpen, among others.
You can hear all about it when I make my PR announcement.
If you roll a neo-nazi trigger or something you can ask to reroll. The WD system is really built on the assumption of the largely one-on-one IRC format in a lot of ways. Personally I like the direction that using a trigger event gives you.

I dun remember if this is the main one or not
yeah, if I were doing tabletop I'd reroll a neo-nazi trigger just because you can't do a party with it, unless everybody's neo-nazis.
there's life flaws that are similarly not really good for multiplayer, like Ruin.
In the IRC format, stuff like "Ruin" or "you're a serial killer" or "you're a bank robber" or "you're a gangster" or whatever are fine, because it's mostly one-on-one so you don't have to worry about that stuff comboing with "you're a pushover baby" or "you're a cop."
In tabletop, I'd write up X+1 or X+2 triggers, give those out to party members, making sure they don't conflict with the alignment that people want to do. With flaws, just reroll anything dumb like "Ruin."
what did you give
Ah.
Most sessions are 1-on-one, multiple people in the same city/with the same GM. Not all on at the same time.
in Cleveland, for example, you've got Protectorate PCs, indies, villains from multiple gangs.
Generally it's only one or two players in a given session.
It contorts the ruleset a little in subtle ways, because it means you don't have to worry about intraparty playability.
No, not that much.
$luck ruin
Like, if somebody rolled this for luck, I'd just have them reroll.
With triggers, normally (well, maybe half the time), we roll from a big old trigger list, which wouldn't work so well if you go in assuming that everybody's on the same team, because one guy can get the "I was such a good person that I got completely fucked" and one guy gets "I am literally a serial killer whose latest victim shanked him."
RIP.
F
press F to pay respects
lmao
Yeah, that was the problem with Ashcloud Akira. Too passive and pliant.
boom
Playpen's a good girl.
She definitely isn't going to have nightmares lol.
She deserves what she's going to get, which is a big reward from the Director.
A colossal reward.
aren't you going to twin pink
They tried to make AA stay in a cell for an ENTIRE night JUST because she threatened two college students and instigated a fight! She really had no other option.
You started it.
Bwuh? I threaten children and PRT no like me?? How it happen? My bad luck soooo bad!
College students are children.
And?
Also that's not necessarily true.
I attended it at fourteen.
Owned.
No. As a dual credit student.
19 year olds are children.
so are 20 year olds
hell, so are 21 year olds.
there's no legal definition of child.
there's a legal definition of "minor"
Fine.
You threatened YOUNG ADULTS and then murdered a hero because they were mean to you. Waaa
That's called PR.
nah
Here's what's going to happen: I am going to drag your corpse through the mud and make it clear that the only reason you died is because of your volatile, violent nature.
He can't, his character is dead.
She'll try.
"Despite warnings to the contrary, the parahuman Ashcloud Akira repeatedly threatened numerous students, before finally starting a fight with another cape and forcing the PRT to intervene to protect the students. During the process of being filed for custody, Ashcloud Akira became violent, and attacked Oz, as well as PRT operatives.
"The subsequent fight saw both Ashcloud Akira and Oz dead; due to her volatile nature, Ashcloud Akira could not be nonlethally subdued."
It's technically correct.
The best kind of correct.
Sue me for defamation bitch.
How would you /prefer/ it to be framed?
what I said is basically true.
You were told to stop threatening students. You threatened students. Then you started a fight with Bruticus.
It is now.
You rolled around campus and terrified students. Purple Parrot said to knock it off and come see her. Then you threatened some more students, and started a fight with Bruticus.
She didn't.
You're thinking of Jack Slash, Proth.
Oz won that fight, not you.
you kept mangling his name, I can't remember it.
Maybe if you hadn't killed Oz, Playpen wouldn't have killed you. Alas, we'll never know.
Then I would have hunted you down like the dog you are.
Were, I suppose.
I've got some real nice capes incoming.
It would've been a team building exercise.
nothing helps bind a team together like a little blood sport
You've got no idea how bad my new capes would've chumped you.
In the immortal words of Omar: Come at the king, you best not miss.
I'm the king.
Well, yes.
As Playpen killed you.
*Lambda
Nah.
I can do better.
I wasn't even Director when you killed Oz.
remember that you got killed by a little girl
why would i
at all
there's no reason for me to be the least bit respectful
There's no reason for the Director to be the least bit respectful either.
*lady
Augh! Ignorant!
I would definitely not bet on her being traumatized lol.
And yet,
If you had killed her, then you would've gotten rid of my most problematic cape. Win/win.
Unlikely.
do NOT tell them how Playpen's power works
She actually wasn't doing her job lol.
She was supposed to be protecting Marcy and Lyle.
 Just kidding."
And now you're dead.
Actually, you cannot live with that.
As you are dead.
Gahaha.
y u no twin
you should be an ambitious new hero, hopeful to take up a major position in the PRT now that Oz is dead.
Teller already confirmed it.
Sicol Bend has also changed your face.
Into a skeleton.
unlikely lol
I'll put... uhhhh... the guy with the demonic bat who doesn't want to be here in charge.
Or maybe the person with the really niche power who hates the spotlight.
Nah, Tagg had lots of pretty good capes.
I've got like...
My capes are kind of very...
Niche. For a niche that hasn't worked and I'm not supposed to be.
Tagg was right.
- said in the voice of Panda
Better to do it from Armsmaster's perspective.

we're down to 86
I am pretty sure it has not, as I combed the list looking for one similar to it a while back.
so if it's done it was a long time ago
Oh, Shadow Stalker's, yeah.
Armsmaster doesn't need to be redeemed, because he did nothing wrong.
wait this is the wrong one
there: 
!search sue me
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 477)
sure
why not
you 6'd Oz right out of existence.
Same.
if nobody has any comments on the triggers I posted, I *will* just add them all to the trigger list.
alright i'm doing it then
I for one am NOT looking forward to the inevitable progress of time in general.
shaker, mover. maybe shades of blaster.
Turrets?
don't think so
tubes
was thinking maybe turrets fling the parahuman
it got rolled a couple times but never for actual games
Hmm.
am thinking siege turrets atm.
Hmm.
Generates two "minions," which are siege turrets. One mode is fairly mobile, but not destructive, rapid-moving spider with minimal offensive suite (maybe less pierce). Alternate mode is sessile, clamping down on environ, but with high powered cannon. One being sessile means the other is moving and vice versa; both swap together. Can ride mobile turret to climb walls, etc.
*less pierce in melee, for spider mode
Two total.
"minions" have no senses of their own, master has to see them to effectively control them.
Generates two "minions," which are siege turrets. One mode is fairly mobile, but not destructive, rapid-moving spider with minimal offensive suite (maybe less pierce). Alternate mode is sessile, clamping down on environ, but with high powered cannon. One being sessile means the other is moving and vice versa; both swap together. Can ride mobile turret to climb walls, etc.
@Pink
set up turret in good spot, use other turret to get to good spot, swap, etc.
tubes
Dunno if they need to be vulnerable.
it's not speed of thought. half-action.
you can do that and other stuff.
how are you getting three
it's an extension of yourself not an employee.
does skitter's power let her use Command to Command her swarms even harder
yeah
what game is it for
what game is it for, ree
what game is it for soulpelt|
$claim 26 Dallas [Ananke]
Generates two "minions," which are siege turrets. One mode is fairly mobile, but not destructive, rapid-moving spider with minimal offensive suite (maybe less pierce). Alternate mode is sessile, clamping down on environ, but with high powered cannon. One being sessile means the other is moving and vice versa; both swap together. Can ride mobile turret to climb walls, etc.
$master .4
$shaker .3
$blaster .2
$mover .1
*piss off Nach
speaking of bros, there's a lot of use of the word "bro" in #WDCleveland at the moment.
one might even say, /over/use.
Wow. Halfway?
Is that a crack about my size?
Nearly?
Aren't you 5'8"?
I'll make you remember. I'll chop off fourteen inches worth of your legs. Then we'll be the same height. Forever.
[in the Cam Clark voice] Brother!
yes, and?
[said in a mocking gay weenie falsetto] But those are my leggggs!
I can help with that.
"Hey kid. Wanna go for a ride in a fast car?"
"Sounds like you want to ride in the trunk."
A seat cushion and by moving the seat forward, respectively.
She also has a baseball cap for when it's dawn/dusk so the sun doesn't get in her eyes.
only 4channers can use the holding hands is lewd meme. this is my culture, not a costume.
he became a normie and was taken from us.
that'd lose you WWI and the Napoleonic Wars
well
the french revolutionary wars
also the invasion of ethiopia
the second one, anyway
I guess what I'm saying is, Italy's military history is a land of contrasts.
Cuck Annwyn
holy shit
Cuckquean. My god.
that is quite possibly the easiest horrible name mangling i've ever seen in WD
There's a reason it's a warning.
From the ruins of Pompeii: "accensum qui pedicat, urit mentulam," which translates literally as "He who buggers a fire, gets a burnt penis." In other words, people been saying not to stick your dick in crazy since before Christ.
a real classic: "The story of Successus, Severus and Iris is played out on the walls of a bar: [Severus]: “Successus, a weaver, loves the innkeeper’s slave girl named Iris.  She, however, does not love him.  Still, he begs her to have pity on him.  His rival wrote this.  Goodbye.”.  [Answer by Successus]: “Envious one, why do you get in the way.  Submit to a handsomer man and one who is being treated very wrongly and good lookin
g.”  [Answer by Severus]: “I have spoken.  I have written all there is to say.  You love Iris, but she does not love you.”"
Severus fuckin' burned the shit out of Successus.
"Submit to a handsomer man and one who is being treated very wrongly and good looking." Get a load of this guy.
"On April 19th, I made bread" literally livetweeting your meals
this one is sad "Caesius faithfully loves M[…name lost]"
"Aufidius was here.  Goodbye" I like the "goodbye." really adds something.
Yeah, Theophilus. Perform oral sex on girls against the city wall like a man.
"I don’t want to sell my husband, not for all the gold in the world" d'aww
the fall of Pompeii
"Chie, I hope your hemorrhoids rub together so much that they hurt worse than when they every have before!" Damn this dude must be a really big Naoto fan.
no, it's modern Roman WD.
rome never fell
it still exists to this day
it's called the Republic of Turkey now though.
Turkey. An unbroken chain of succession.
the Republic of Turkey is a direct successor to the Ottomans.
I already explained that the Ottomans are themselves a direct successor of Rome.
so. was the Yuan dynasty not a successor to the Song
Modern Turks are genetically Anatolian Greeks and their capital is Constantinople. Therefore, Romans.
very well. they still have Constantinople.
did it stop being Rome when the capital moved to Ravenna?
that can be your Sicol Bend character
I'll tempt you as much as I like.
theoretically
is it now kept in the closet
no, i keep it under my bed instead" So it IS in the closet. Boom.
maybe very peripherally
but yeah not really Trump
Master
could be from another city
betrayal, and also loss of a loved one
sure
Striker power imbues weapons, equipment, creating phantom objects/limbs/etc that mirror the movements and serve to enhance attacks and mobility.
for NPC
Try to climb, phantom limbs climb alongside, help heft. Run, phantom legs, etc.
Not 1-to-1 mirroring; they do similar stuff.
i've got a thought
I'm not sure what the difference between minion and projection is here
anyway, here's my idea: Parahuman generates ghostly pseudo-humanoid projection, hard to exactly see the outline of, that moves with many concurrent limbs. Projection can't leave a short radius around the parahuman (~5'), and can't stop moving, disrupting lightweight nearby objects with its actions. Projection can disrupt/block attacks, but this costs it actions that turn. Very effective in melee combat, however.
peace
well, I mean. he controls the minion. can make it protect him.
Hmm. Give it a bit of a secondary?
not you
one of the life perks says "familial and/or romantic" support
yeah, yeah.
prudes
no, it's one person
it's more striker than shaker
I think it's touch.
idk
I can't read your mind.
you can't turn your head if you use eyebeams!!
no, Coil being a Cauldron cape is explicit.
Cauldron capes have corona pollentias, too. Triumph has one, for example.
Which ones don't.
the ones without heads? well okay.
That's different.
Having a corona prior to imbibing a vial means you've effectively got two shards attached to you, which is presumably responsible for the squiggliness.
there are Eden shards in the wild
if you drink a Cauldron vial while you have a corona pollentia, it has a greatly increased odds of mutation.
they were supposed to be triggers. Cauldron killed her and turned her into a slurry.
How does being a PRT employee tie into the trigger, Rincewind? Doesn't seem relevant.
Pink also has/had two capes with triggers related to being treated like a dog.
I wanted to make it an imbuement Striker, Saff! Blame Teruzi.
maybe you'd learn to like them if you tried one.
green eggs and ham guy learned that he liked them once he tried them.
Cuck-o-clock.
wasn't Cuckooclock the most obnoxious tinker power imaginable
all these names sound like they have the same damn power.
what's cuckoos
what's cuck's
Every character is unique and it's more important to make sure the power is good than to pick a certain classification.
fuck you stole the joke I wanted to make divock
it no longer mentions $pc or $npc, tho.
I only did that AFTER he stole from me.
Berserker,I'm pretty sure.
Old skills are used, but generally mentally replace +1 with +1dice.
i would say that doesn't apply to... Gunfighting, but the other ones, generally, yeah.
nobody likes Wink
weird
Problem?
Eventually?
kids don't deserve to have their feelings validated. if they wanted their feelings validated, they should become adults.
what sort of trigger would you do for a Breaker with two alternate forms?
that sounds more like a Changer trigger, tubs.
it can be social pressure
why are you telling us this
hey everyone. i need to take a dump. it's important that you know this for some reason.
the field
what's the benchmark move speed for a normal human running?
per round
5 rounds = 1m, as I recall
which would put it at like, 50'
100' if you just run flat out
is there any way to make a numbered list start at 0 with google docs?
thanks. was kicking up my autism something fierce
if a parahuman had a chaotic whirlwind of electric-looking energy around themselves that deals Moderate Burns to those who get near... what color should it be?
working on that
I'm thinking the parahuman was trapped in the middle of a gang shootout.
not a combatant
Crassus died in combat.
well. "combat."
He rode into a peace negotiation, there was a fight, then got killed in it.
*do
Silver Bullets is recruiting, I hear.
what's wrong with joining the corporate cape team
boohoo
cry me a river
yes, and?
he's going to need to learn if he joins the Wards.
If you don't like the weather in Texas, all you have to do is wait five minutes.
This is not a joke or even exaggeration. One time, I went to the local Taco Bell, it was a light drizzle at best. I bought my food, went to leave, it was pouring. I sat down to eat my meal, and when I got up, it was done raining.
what possible reason could I have to want to remember that
sure
is terrehaute dead btw?
good. then i didn't just waste a bunch of time by writing up 5 new powers.
well i mean i did
but you know
if you had a changer/brute type with power-granted armor, and they were in a multitrigger with an imbuement-type Striker (e.g. Flechette, Abattoir), would it be reasonable for the Striker power to be only applied via the armor?
you heard
Main power: Brute or Changer power makes [ice/steel/force field/etc] armor. Other multitrigger guy's main power: Striker power enhances [equipment/weapons/armor] to do [effect]. You get, as a secondary power, the Striker ability to enhance your armor with [lesser version of effect].
well
I mean it doesn't matter. Other guy's not on the map.
maybe his imbuement effect also covers the object in steel or somethin'. I dunno.
1s

there. like that.
no click zone
spacewhalemagic drains a stat.
also: oh my FUCKING god: 
it's loss.
wow
I guess you really are old and uncool
each of the wings is one of the panels
color palette matches ethan's shirt and crap
that meme is almost eight years old now.
that baby would be as old as some members of this chat by now
we're teaching you about all the hippest memes from 2008
Atrocious?
I think you mean hilarious.
lol
that comic came out when you were like fuckin' thirteen
the comic ended as it began: shitty.
"A miscarriage is definitely not a joke, and I have no intention of making light of it. And it can be a tough and emotional thing for couples to go through, speaking from personal experience. And I know that it's often much harder on the woman than on the man. However, I also know that it doesn't necessarily turn you into a sad, depressed sack of tears for the rest of your life. People can move past it, and heal."
he had no intention of making light of it, and then he made a comic where Ethan sadly puts away a baby xbox controller.
half of you will vanish in a week. the other half will vanish in two weeks. nbd.
everybody but you knows that meme
feel old yet
Being needlessly destructive is fine.
rip
press F to pay respects
My issue is more that that kind of aggression can feel like a character who has no self-preservation instinct, and given Panda kicked off a fight in PRT headquarters because he didn't want to spend an entire night in lockup, uhh, yeah, it did.
it was... a thing.
Needless destruction isn't senseless destruction, I guess is how I would put it.
Had? Did she turn it into a son?
Hah. Government propaganda. We don't have any of that here in the good old USA. *returns to reading the Washington Post*
who is in the white house
It's like poetry, their names rhyme.
Wow. Implying that no guys have breasts.
Check your privilege.
"anything interesting happen [...] other than death" No.
generally people use $npc or $used for a quick and dirty powergen, or old characters" There's $pc now
reee
channel limit
it's designed to rapidly create pc-appropriate powers.
There should be basically no powers that, in play, amount to "I attack" or similar.
More a rule-in than a rule-out.
it's that too
It was Strongbow, as I recall, who was the amazing sit there on his ass man.
tst
argh. wtf. my computer's internet browsers aren't working but hexchat's fine.
how do I check that
on ubuntu
I reset it.
what's the address?
okay i can access my router. what am i looking for
I seem to have fixed it by using my VPN.
Maybe he can't understand them because of their thick accents, rather than because of their race.
Straight men CANNOT have male friends.
How would you feel if they made, uhh, the gay Batwoman straight.
how does it feel
what if they made Bobby Drake straight again
My issue with gay cap is that knowing about it implies that you still read comics
We /can/
wow.
iceman.
yeah
also his future self is gay too
Why do you think they made Captain gay, if not to drum up sales?
like. I suppose that could be part of a legitimate artistic vision. but it's not.
It's 100% for sales.
I don't know.
Why make any form of art except for cold material gain?
nah
Yeah. And I don't pretend like it's So Important that they killed off the Thing for one issue.
I agree with 'bow's reasons for not making Taylor gay.
Established characters are generally established as heterosexual.
I'd move to another channel but the FUCKING channel limit.
I have my shit in order.
It's the damn admins who don't.
oh no it's actually free
huh
oh they added one more I guess.
Brawn is the dump stat.
Don't give people this awful charop advice.
definitely the best part of TTRPGs is tracking encumbrance
Brawn improves melee accuracy, but also, I have guns.
fine. i use a repeating crossbow instead of a gun. it still does mod pierce at range and uses Dex.
Pretty sure Stray (from Detroit)'s real name is Clarissa.
this is basically it: pastebin.com/xA1TgLS6
oh no that's the wrong one
this is basically it: pastebin.com/4hfCz9aa
"don't make stupid Master powers that aren't fun to play with/against"
just the opposite
rocket tag/instawin ones.
Heartbreaker or Valefor would not be very fun at all for an RPG.
well
so does Stranger.
Strangers have "infiltrators" (people who hide the fact that they're there at all) and "distractors" (people who hide their exact location, disorient enemies, etc, but it's obvious they're there once they start using their power).
I ran into it when I was doing $pc, and split Strangers in two as a consequence.
I wrote the stuff, Teller programmed it.
Tinkers and Breakers, in a different way.
sure it does
make a big bomb minion that explodes in a burst of acid when it dies/is killed.
yes
raise the channel limit obama
I will never thank Obama.
32? lemme count
30
because sometimes I'm asleep and I want logs
I do, but I don't read them.
I just left Vancouver for exactly that reason.
The real question is, why didn't you do it first?
GM/power write-up, yeah.
I'm crashing the Protectorate Christmas Party with no survivors.
"Just going over them with the GMs to see if they're all ok, then will share them so you guys can take time to read them all"
rip to those that died.
why'd your connection die
you can just wear a normal mask
yeah. You're not going to just wear metal right over your body. People wore leather and shit beneath chain or plate because, uhh, it would be insanely uncomfortable otherwise.
[in the voice of somebody responding to something from an hour ago] Teller: Nah, I play elsewhere on Fri/Sat.
am busy right now
I'm thinking something like, each form has a set statline, for physical stats.  Harpy form is fast, mobile, free to roam and to move, but has very low Guts.  The ogre form is heavy, brutish, tough, but can't manipulate environment, short of smashing it, might not even have fingers." Gah. This is almost identical to a power I wrote up for the pregen doc like two days ago.
well. at least the gimmick's different.
slightly.
it's minotaur/harpy instead of harpy/ogre
but
same
it was not
to make brawn be damage: unify all damage tracks. attacks roll 1d4+bonus. weapons have intrinsic bonuses, brawn adds a bonus on top of that.
so 1-4 is current lesser wounds, 5-8 is current mod, 9+ is current crit
crit's supposed to be rare
Brawn's going to manage armor so it probably shouldn't do both that AND make you more accurate
this is what I did when I was thinking about that: 
depends
Two form Breaker, one flies and does rapid damage, the other is extremely tough and durable. What would you do for aesthetics?
it's a Breaker
different power
which happens to very closely resemble bows, in 100% pure convergent evolution, as I wrote it up a couple days ago.
it's pure flight
not necessarily?
hmm. demon and angel is interesting.
SS's breaker shape is smoke
eidolon
Othala and Galvanate are so I don't see why Bitch wouldn't be.
a physical boost is a power
no?
bitch's power doesn't bypass manton
Cask from Anchorage has a Trump rating too.
galvanate had a trump trigger
there's WoG on Othala and Galvanate, they're Trump triggers
Cask had stomach cancer or some crap.
he did not have a trump trigger unless he was lying about it.
it wasn't actually stomach cancer, it was some unique genetic condition or something that the doctors couldn't figure out.
i wouldn't gen such a power
but, admittedly, not really because it'd be too trump-y.
too little player involvement.
what's private-ish
do it
he deserves it
you can't wreck me. i'm not even a local. i can just leave town whenever.
how would you know
that's why he's going to super wreck you
how would you handle asphyxiation damage, btw?
there's judicial oversight on kill orders you clown
Oh, I just emergency suspended the constitution.
get out of here
I'm pretty sure you can't just arbitrarily declare martial law as a PRT director.
you are already dead
lol
ree
are you looking at it nick
too bad
too hard
semi-intangible holographic Breaker. what color should it be.
sure
rope pink into it
he can play a dead body
hmm?
he's done it before
he'll do it again
aren't you in sicol
he is
he had a bigger number than mine
i'm dubious that this is true
there's more than one pair of identical twins in the world
ganbatte
hmm.
Your happiness is tolerable.

i've been saving this one for a rainy day but here
google firecrackers legal kansas
you want to help me with power gen
$used 316
you fucker
the share zone skeletons will get you for this
is this a jape
she's a Tinker. come on.
actually, thinking about it, hmm. not sure this really fits my needs, as triggers go. too much thematic overlap with some other powers in my batch.
just cross off Master, I guess. too many Masters in my batch as is, lots of overlap.
they're actually one of the easier classes, imo.
whenever you make a breaker, come up with a cool alternate form, then add like three random nonsense things to it
oh. uh. sure. what time?
not particularly. 12pm is good.
Tier list of easiest to make powers: Tier 1: Masters/Shakers; Tier 2: Breakers/Movers/Strikers/Changers; Tier 3: Trumps/Brutes/Blasters; Tier 4: Thinkers/Strangers. Tinkers are Tier 2 for ideas and Tier Fuck for actual write-ups.
trumps/brutes/blasters are "easy" to make but they have big pitfalls where you make a power that doesn't really work out well in play.
that's what i said
there used to be beholder in cleveland, as i recall
well i mean. you still have to dodge it.
coil-esque precog whose power manifests as "rewinding" a round a few times per day.
#WDCleveland
You absolutely pedant.
You're tears nurture me.
actually, it's shitty. how do you feel now.
I recommend decapitating them with a katana.
i was at "I recommend decap" when tubes said "kill them" lol
All the more reason.
if you kill them you get inheritance and life insurance you baboon.
fine. make them buy life insurance, then kill them. god.
>implying
stranger
lol
welp.
lmao. that's what you get for shooting me, bitch.
Five down, three to go.
this should be editable: 
"his boss." I like the sound of that.
roflmao
Non|Nachzehrer "(2h6 if Threaten doesn't apply)" [6] (6) (6) +1 = 7" Jesus.
actually the number of the beast is 616.
I believe Christ edited the rules so you guys don't get magic powers any more, so it won't help. Sorry, patches can be rough.
what's up
what's the concept of the liquid form
give it a conditional bonus. on hitting people, on being hit, on grappling.
hulk is deffo changer c'mon
what is it
*independent wealthy
It's possible to be traumatized by things other than sexual assault.
this is like the least dickish thing he's done
lol loup is badass
Aww. I was trying to make it worse.
I'll be real gentle *does sick 360 noscopes to shoot all your former goons in the head*
i'm sure you can come up with a logical reason
You're a hard drinker and hard fighter, but somebody puts something in your drink planning to abduct you and remove your organs. Alternately, you *did* know the guy who drugged you, somebody you met a long time ago and who nursed a grudge, so now you show no mercy, ever.
I don't even know what the power is
oh, I thought it was a breaker
Hmm?
if you have Know 4 you can have up to 4 skills, with up to 8 points total, and they go to a maximum of the relevant stat (in parenthesis next to the skill).
ree
it used to be Dex/Know, y'know
how long ago did cwnt annwyn'tchangehername get unveiled?
so IC would I know?
It's fine, not really important atm.
I didn't take your shit.
13th floor did
"Taking" it implies I now have it. This is not true.
Loup-Garou fixes him with a nasty look. "I wasn't talking to you, to be fair," he mimics, using a dumb baby voice." Classic Loup-Garou.
Please do, it will make it easier for me to bring him in on my coup.
Hmm?
his behavior makes sense
nobody uses them, yeah.
It's some crap for the hypothetical Worm game thing.
Dunno if I'd say that.
using $pc for npcs would probably wind up with combats being overcomplicated pretty quick.
why are they so ugly
It's like how, in 4e D&D, PCs have more abilities than NPCs, because the GM plays an NPC for one, maybe two fights, and controls a bunch of them, while PCs are played for one million fights and you control only one.
for using $pc for npcs
here's my question: y u so dum
Don't worry, I'll make your death quick.
probably
5000
I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad, how quickly DMH got demolished, this rhyme is really bad.
too bad
get used to it
your confusing new nick is not worth our confusing new nick
such as?
@anti
tinker methods
i like this dweeb
put it in paint
It's more that I drank caffeine for a few days last week so now my brain thinks it should nap in the afternoon again.
Anyway, thanks for running, Anti.
Enjoyed it.
It doesn't.
I'll tattoo some knuckles on your forehead. By punching you in the head over and over.
no i don't read
how would you even have heard of me
or know i've interacted with cwnt
"She’s a lot of bark but not a lot of bite."
bitch
I have killed three members of your gang.
Personally.
smooch talk. you have a crush on nach.
freudian slip
oh please, like if you could lick your own dick you wouldn't do it constantly.
here's how you know Leviathan didn't destroy shipping: because that would be insane and destroy a ton of countries which are no longer food self-sufficient.
and there's 0 references to Britain starving itself to death in Worm so
Whoa, are you suggesting that not everyone in Earth Bet's life revolves around the main cast?
scots is just english but with extremely poor spelling.
yes
"Scots (or "Lallans", a poetic spellins for lawlands) is ae Wast Germanic leid thit's spaken en the Lawlands an Northren Isles o Scotland an en the stewartrie o Ulster en Ireland (whaur it's kent as "Ulster-Scots", "Scotch", or "Ullans")."
I can read this.
I have never learned Scots.
Therefore, it's just English.
that's the scots wikipedia page
No, it's saying Quebec French and France French are both French.
it has the same damn words in the same damn order, just epically mispelled and mispronounced.
I guess leid and stewartrie are slightly different but Brits call it a wrecking yard and they call flashlights torches. 
If Scots is a language then I guess I'm bilingual.
they have similarities in that they are clearly the same
I can tell what all of it means, having never learned any of Scots.
sometimes I can't understand what Indian people are saying, doesn't mean they're not speaking English.
also they're way too quiet
there's programs that turn your computer screen from black-on-white to red-on-black, which are really fucking insanely great.
Windows, Mac, or Linux?
Negative Screen is what I use on Windows.
there's a keybind or you can R-click and pick an option for red-on-black
red is better because it doesn't fuck with your night vision.
that'll change reeeeeal quick. *snaps ur neck*
the end of the world
!search sue me
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 476)
no, that was bel
and the villain was Ashcloud Akira
he had a heart attack
(He's not actually dead though.)
kill all npcs on sight. imo.
stranger/thinkers are rare
so you're saying you'd use a precog character to get revenge on him for Verdict's power?
at 5 on the dot? Easier for me if I've got time to mentally segue.
(that's ~15m)
Owned.
Really? I mean she was annoying but I don't remember you complaining about her much.
Oh, right, I had a question for Teller before my session.
PMed
Wow, you won't join up with the PRT, huh?
You really don't want to do that.
Your Metaphor Is Bad And You Should Feel Bad
how do you even eat onions" You put them in your mouth, chew, and swallow, like how you eat most things.
Your country will never recover from a lot of things, like being full of Brits.
Oh, sure, lemme just do that. *Feint Pt Deux begins*
i'm reverse psychology'ing this stupid bitch. owned.
what's PRT shit detail?
the job you give weiners you hate for their fuckups.
he was blaming her for the S9 killingp eople in her territory
all +1s except, like, gunfighting's should be read as +1d.
Oh, Bert's the bat. Duh.
Martial Arts says "hand-to-hand"
Eh.
Do it yourself.
she's just a less autistic Genie.
I'm going to walk up and punch him in the face because my power hard counters his. Owned.
yeah, and then my power mimics yours, giving me a +1 to Ath and Wits when I punch you in the face and sap it back.
I'll get to a +3 to Ath soon enough. A permanent +3
Whuh? But they're spelt's sessions.
I was suggesting that "people who can't help but metagame" are already able to read them, as spelt is reading them. Hope this clears things up.
;_;
^you right now
I'm being generous. I chose to remove from the agenda "punish her for disobeying orders to watch Macy and Lyle."
oh my GOD
"Please leave." "'kay." *immediately unzips wormhole to shovel half the room into a pocket dimension*
Hmm? She's not that bad.
Come on.
sorry, computer froze
"...but there's still no Playpen. ||" right?
I can't decide if I should just stay in my office and sleep or have some guys help me move out the filing cabinets and desk and just leave the office empty.
I guess I could also not play this game and just leave.
it's not playing her game, that's not weakness.
murdering supervillains in the pocket dimension she entered in the Director's office? I think not.
Yeah, I guess this is a decent place to call it. She's gonna get punished for this. Christ. I tried to be reasonable and patient, and this is what I get.
Yeah, she innocently sat in there for 12+ hours.
Great.
don't use that word
it triggers me
reminds me more of Cache's.
he's the guy who shoved everybody into a pocket dimension before the CrawlerKiller stuff hit.
i'll find a way
she's already got a phone
thus Dol|mobile
Playpen still lives.
"I'm the one who killed her, and that's how you'll tell it. Got it, Danielle?"
- Playpen, on your death.
That's because you don't understand PR and also because you decided to murder a Protectorate member because he was rude to you.
I can tell it like it is.
e.g.: "We don't 'kill' people - people die because of their own behavior, and we just so happen to be there."
They do.
Your Tinkertech didn't kill people, you did.
No, I said, "we," referring to the PRT. This doesn't apply to villains like yourself.
Now she's a dead teenager.
Not very mature for a twenty-seven year old.
A prime number. Or a composite one.
because i'm smart and cool
I think you'd be very predictable.
AKIRA WINS AGAIN!" How is that you winning?
oh he already left
Duly noted.
I don't think I would release her identity publicly.
On the upside, since the PRT is vacuuming up all your psychoactive skin flakes, I don't have to buy them from you.
blue leaf is canadian?
Now that I know Blue Leaf is Canadian, I don't like her anymore.
I don't think there is.
Jack Slash
Also, social Thinkers have been way overdone and aren't that interesting in the first place.
Nah, it's definitely specific to that category of Thinkers.
sensory Thinkers or skill Thinkers are a lot less obnoxious.
It was 100% necessary.
the first step is admitting you have a problem.
smdh
How does the PRT obscure hero deaths to keep people from going "hmm, this guy died right around the same time as local hero, and was about the same age, height, weight, race - wait a second"?
Guts
Well. 2 Guts is twice as bad as 2 Ath. 4 Guts is about as good as 4 Ath.
2 Ath/4 Guts is about equivalent to 3 Ath/3 Guts, in terms of combat survivability, as I recall.
tank
Those numbers are actually not taking into account Guts' ability to tank - I didn't code it because effort.
being intelligent ooc
You can tank constantly.
It only reduces the damage by one level, though, so it's not as good as dodging.
is your gm on
*and can speak moose.
stuff you can't murder
three stars i guess
that's more or less explicitly rejected by the text
they are specifically selected because of a propensity towards conflict, their shard actively drives them towards conflict, their shards actively fuck with them if they try to be boring, the number of rogues is incredibly low relative to the number of heroes and villains.
Parian
were Toybox rogues?
1,2,3,4, including you.
probably not many people in Earth-Bet have seen the Matrix.
what was the last Australian movie you watched?
It exists purely to confuse you.
signet, spire, sarcophagus, bulletproof
roll 1d4 then 2x on the relevant luck
is what it means
this does NOT mean you roll 3x luck.
oh, I just picked out four since nobody else was
& i figured somebody would take mine
ehhh. Sarcophagus I guess.
none of the eugene capes are noted on the sheet

spire then. sarcophagus was taken in eugene anyway.
don't roll your luck yet
first we have to do your power
it's
hang on
You roll 1d4, then you roll $life/power flaw/perk twice, then we pick the most appropriate one to the power. Then you roll 1d100 for mutation. If you mutate, C53, roll on that table.
yeah
don't think so
yeah no
no!!!
just have him roll 1d100. <5 he deviates.
anti, you still on?
guess not
easily?
oh, I had a couple Tinker table outlines I wanted to run past you. lemme pm them.
or.well. if you want to look over them
have you tried unplugging it and then plugging it back in?
*early
USA is only timezone that matters.
that's not even that late
guts saved or ath saved?
that's cause they're all perfect, as I am a genius.
uhh. except the skill thinkers.
nah, skills are really good
they hit London twice I think?
they don't hit twice in a row though.
Or, and here's a thought, you could just live in the countryside.
they only hit an airplane after Scion started killing them
yes
they still only did it after Scion started killing them
it was the CUI heir, yeah
when did they hit Wisconsin?
that's a damn city.
they hit Targets, which can theoretically include oil fields and such, but some random farm in bumfuck, nowheresville isn't one.
Another interesting little tidbit about Canada, it's a monarchist boil on the Americas.
I mean what I said.
institutional triggers (e.g. imprisonment) tend to be Breakers, as do triggers where the physical compounds the mental or vice versa
would say more breakers versus thinkers, in terms of triggers
in terms of power, I suppose.
what's the trigger?
Generally, Breaker triggers involve a mental and physical component that flow into one another and mix in an odd way. Being drugged and then cut up, snapping and getting violent before crashing into guilt and humiliation, being sentenced to prison/staying in prison, etc.
"The power is stronger, with added power, range, versatility or higher quality special effect"
you're a brute guy. you now are better at not dying.
that's a pretty big assumption fam" You can't fuck up as much as Panda because there isn't a new Protectorate leader yet.
yes
I support Thal being allowed to bet on games, because it would prove that there's no such thing as dice magic.
outside of Gunfighting, yeah
What Catalysts has the chat genned? Just Panda's overdrive guy and Pink's shard/bio Blaster deal?
Tinker, one main type, secondary type/bonus they flip into after setting up with the main type.
Overdrive Tinker had normal ranged powersuit which could get overcharged to do more damage (but at costs), Shard/Bio shoots little holographic shards that can be burst into sessile tentacle monsters.
I also have a Horror Tinker C53 on my pregen doc. I posted it here a while back.
Horror is you've got a Changer or Breaker deal that fuels your equipment.
weapons are a kind of equipment
I don't think so?
what's shitty about nemean's power
what's the "poor wording"?
"May 02 20:28:53 <Wilbdow>	Do you think the shard would just let him brain hemorrhage?"
"May 02 20:29:01 <Wilbdow>	That'd be a dumb shard."
what if he shaved his head, but instead of just his head being shaved, it was all over his body
Think it'd be even worse than that, really.
Bullets, knives, etc, all rely on doing a moderate amount of force over a tiny space. If you spread it across the whole body, that's going to be piddling.
I mean, recoil on a gun does basically 0 damage to the person firing, but equal opposite reaction means that's the same force the bullet imparts. Punching someone does way less damage than stabbing them, but that's the same muscle power at play.
no, those are benefits. makes it really hard to hurt him.
Do you think the shard would just let him brain hemorrhage?"
That'd be a dumb shard."
define "superhero physics"
cause i think, like, Brutes can't lift the Titanic without it splitting in two
Let's not go to #parahumans. 'tis a silly place.
you should have to pick a side. #weaverdice or #parahumans. a segregated irc.
[in the voice of the PRT Director] Oh no. One of the villains is dead.
I don't want to fuck with the Brotherhood prematurely because they've got connections and one of their capes could go Class-S. You wipe them off the map in one go or not at all.
what? you're joining a gang?
bad dog.
independent heroes are best positioned to fuck with the Brotherhood, deal with it yourself if you care so much.
I don't have any real sessions to do.
There's "talk to people" but I think that can mostly be handwaved, would cover a lot of ground Burr already covered.
give me a mover/tinker trigger
Eh. Hard to pull off.
Maybe a berzerk Thinker with an on/off switch, or a Breaker with odd senses due to a strong Thinker element, but it's hard to direct for in the trigger itself.
What is HL's flaw?" Fettered + some anarchy crap, iirc.
You rolling up your Cauldron guy for Sicol Bend, CG?
somebody should make a list of the Cauldron gens. I don't think the doc's been updated.
include Eugene's guys
there's you, the new Dallas, and the Eugene guys, and I think that's it for new Cauldron capes? Oh, and there'll be the Wichita person.
Tinker break?
Mm. I guess fits with, e.g., intangibility.
wait
breaker break does, I mean.
it's not the classification that's important, it's the quality of the power
how does that interact with classification
>Pathfinder
The only person you're hurting is yourself, spelt.
enough! stop playing Pathfinder, start playing Exalted 3e. All your fiddly little bits, but with a good setting and the fighters are the most effective combatants.
3e is playable
it's actually p good
bit of a learning curve
Not until Lunars come out circa 2050
Ex3 also way dialed back the retarded crap
like parrying mountains
Now you can only parry mountains once per cene.
*scene
how can you know
there's like. no information on them. except Liminals, who exist so that when your Solar attempts to bring back his dead waifu, she can return not as she once was ala FMA.
they existed before
yeah, hours ago
too much work to make
Take a normal parahuman power. Done? Now subdivide it into 2-3 parts. Now make every single one of those parts have 2-4 options. Now make sure none of those options have too much conceptual or functional overlap, AND none of them create overpowered or trash options when comboed in a certain way.
eh.
shifts focus.
Most powers are focused on fighting, but you do get some that are more strategic in scale and put the focus a level higher up.
architect tinkers still have basic equipment-type stuff.
you don't. gahaha.
what would that look like? GM just tells you, well, you can make X shitty crap with the garbo you got, wanna actually use a Tinker table, find some better materials?
well. what does your experience with starting from scratch suggest.
how long ago did your Billings character trigger?
Mmm. Part of it might be that WD's gotten tilted towards "you triggered a while back" versus "you just triggered."
It can be.
She said never got to, not never got a chance to.
I got a taste for that sort of thing with Akane in Vancouver and, while it was fine, I don't think I'd really want to do it more than once or twice.
i don't even have non ping me because it's part of "none" and about 1000 other words because it's a common prefix
I actually made a list a while back of what the stupid broken crap is.
The big "OP" things for a power to have are: reliably rolling more than 2 attacks against a single target (including by tons of extra actions); having more than 6-ish Wounds; having a reliable defensive bonus of greater than +2-ish; and having the ability to regenerate at a pace greater than, say, once every third round.
the first one means you can and will instagib people frequently (which pip-based health is designed to prevent), and the other three mean you're almost impossible to kill.
Stranger powers are fine. Their issues tend to be more in terms of not being fun because they're really feast-or-famine deals.
the S9 would fucking suck in a game.
Because Jack Slash and the Siberian have total bullshit powers, AND they also have the plot armor that canon grants.
how is parian the highest you can make
too bad
Because he loves dying and/or is extremely stupid, presumably.
sorry, that didn't come out like I intended.
Because he loves fates even worse than death, and/or is extremely stupid.
starting your own murderhobos is like 100x smarter than joining the S9.
look what happened to her.
they let her in solely to fuck with her relentlessly and then murder her.
sorry.
worse than murder her.
yeah. Jack Slash just straight up killed Oni Lee because he was just an eager little footsoldier looking for a new master.
he's thinking of Mouse Protector, who got sown together with Ravager.
mouse protector isn't a BB local
sown
sown.
the S9 aren't in Brazil though.
they're pretty strictly a North American deal.
I don't know, dude. Why IS the band of insane murderous psychopaths who inflict countless fates worse than death on people and have done so for the post 20+ years some of the most hated individuals in the western hemisphere?
really something to ponder on.
ash beast isn't on that level
maybe Moord Nag is.
pretty sure he was a hero
she makes a giant pet monster that eats people to get bigger.
I don't understand why a black woman from Namibia refuses to speak anything but Afrikaans, though.
doesn't matter
with Hatchet Face's power, you just need to ambush your opponent. you don't need to patrol, just find a cape, surprise them, get them in range, and beat them into a pulp.
Hatchet Face is almost certainly resistant to guns.
Tinkers might be annoying, as would, say, Othala/Victor (with Othala out of range, obv), but otherwise he fucks up everybody.
would you say he's your...
least favorite character?
there are some Night-esque powers wb's floated around, they're all Stranger-types.
reflexes is crap
also if you read the doc it's really clear what the difference is between them so I'm not sure what the confusion is?
not really
No
*to die
you
dream?
They're supposed to trigger more often than men. It's not explicit how much.
why the hell are you talking about weaver dice in #parahumans.
he's right.
It does not say that.
it specifically says "hand-to-hand combat" which means melee and includes armed melee.
if it's not meant to include weapons, it should be edited.
guns are legal in all states too
USA #1
"Spent on use unless" unless what?
third pip of Command
wow.
you just skip my name, eh?
smdh
He's just mad because his name got skipped too.
nah
go back to being serk
Ballista
you turn into a moose and speak moose.
is the triggeree supposed to be hurt?
in the trigger?
it's a joke
no
changer/brute. has a collection of different grotesque mutations, can use one or two normally, when they get hurt in a fight they get more. some low-level regeneration, doesn't clear off mutations (though they eventually clear on their own).
wow.
"better than nothing"
wut
brute-y stuff, necrotic theming. rotten, gangrenous skin that's tough and thick, elongated bone claws instead of fingers, a missing jaw and the hole spits out acid at a short range, etc.
ok, hang on
My idea is: you have low-level regen. You also have a list of different mutations you can give your character, like the acid vomit or the gangrenous skin. You can add one mutation normally, and only add mutations past that when you get hurt.
not that you have a bunch of powers 24/7
Yeah. Slowly, over time, can't shove them off.
No, you still get wounded, thus the regen.
You get one you're stuck with it for an hour or something.
you wouldn't "switch" so much as have to wait to lose it and then replace it
yeah
i guess optional but there's no reason you wouldn't, in a fight.
sure? I mean, you, the player, are choosing a mutation.
to be clear
that could work
not increased regen, though, i'd say
acid spit (burns, increasing damage + range with higher mutations), gangrene skin (+guts rolls, increasing bonus, possible degrade quality of damage with higher mutations), claws (mod cuts in melee, bonus attacks/turn at higher mutation levels)
acid vomit, really
eh
say that's a fourth one. rigor mortis, +brawn, greater tiers more +.
should actively control which ones they receive
whoa
he should be able to actively control which ones he receives!!
I'm sick and tired of everyone dumping on Cody. He did nothing wrong, except maybe attacking Tattletale but that was the Simurgh.
truly a virtuous man
Even if you completely blame him for everything, he did barely anything wrong.
He attacked Tattletale, that's it.
Uhhh
The S-Class threat who went on to kill dozens of heroes and destroyed the PRT? You're saying it's immoral for him to try to kill her?
destroyed the PRT's credibility
I don't think it's said  what his final fate was. Presumably he's dead.
come the fuck on dude
she's obviously a threat to everyone around her
Probably?
He has a time reversion power that fucks with his memory so presumably that played a part in why he touched her three times.
His power?
Or Noelle's.
He has a really good power.
Lockdown enemies.
Every time you hit someone, revert a millisecond a few times to multiply damage.
Yeah, and you were wrong then.
Yeah, and they're wrong too.
he's a dick to Krouse
where
and don't give me Krouse saying he did that.
oh okay
Krouse actively despises Cody and interprets everything he ever does in the worst light possible, talks him down to others, etc.
hell, to his damn face.
lmao
he didn't try very fucking hard
He *correctly noticed* that Krouse was talking down to him and responded.
I think you're overreading from there.
Krouse totally does. You can read his thoughts, you can see Cody respond to the implications of the shit Krouse says, and you can see that Cody is correct!
When Krouse says, "That was never a concern," Cody says, "Why do you do that? Talk about it like it wouldn't matter even if I was your enemy?" and you can see Krouse think 'you are, and I don't.' He has Krouse's number.
Could it?
She's immune to fire.
Oh, I thought by "her" you meant Sundancer, not Echidna.
You're talking about "pretending civility," but every fucking word out of Krouse's mouth is absolutely dripping with contempt and Cody can see it, you can see it, everyone can see it.
Yes. He has access to his own thoughts, which we can read, and confirm Cody is in fact correct when he gets the vibe that Krouse is being a dickweed.
"I’m still going to help out, I’m not going to get revenge or anything,” Cody said, offering Krouse a humorless smile, “Because even if I hate your guts, Krouse…  Francis… I don’t hate theirs.”
is the immediate follow-up to the "i'd rather see her win" bit
I said I thought you were overreading it. And I was right.
have you never had a situation where you wanted thing A to happen, but you would under no circumstances take any action to cause A to happen and would actively impede someone attempting to cause A to happen?
"You play into her hands if you let it get to you.  You let her win.” “Funny thing is,” Cody said, “I’d rather see her win than see you come out the hero, here.”
"he "stole my girl""
don't fucking even
that's after the "like it wouldn't matter if I was your enemy" exchange
because the only thing less tolerable than someone who hates you to your face is someone who hates you and expresses it to your face but in a weinery way
no, he's very straight
about hating Krouse
no
No part of his behavior is weiner-y. He's VERY explicit that he hates Krouse.
That's how Krouse processes it, sure.
Nah.
tell that to Krouse
I am getting it. You're interpreting the shit that Krouse does as totally fine.
So therefore, Cody is being a dick.

I would, 100%, fucking want to punch you in the face if you pulled that shit on me. And we know, for a fact, that Cody's not misreading Krouse here, thanks to Krouse's internal dialogue.
jess = genesis
marissa/mars = sundancer
he's NOT FUCKING STARTING SHIT
If I say, X but Y, the Y is the important bit.
There is nothing worse than weinery contempt.
You're acting like Cody's misreading Krouse there.
We know, for a fact, that that is in fact what Krouse really thinks.
If I say, "I hate you, yeah, but we've got to work together," that's not stirring shit. That's being honest about your feelings, but nonetheless also trying to reach some kind of accord.
Do you understand how the word "but" operates in the English language?
It basically does.
"I hate you, but we should work together" versus "We should work together, but I hate you."
which one is saying we should work together
the "but" is still negating everything that came before it there!!!
THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT IT IS DOING
Because it establishes that you're being level with them and not being a dishonest weasel when you say you really think you should work together.
spelt's harlotry aside, what did panda do
that was like eight hours ago though
what do you call it when like, guy number one does some bad shit, and everybody else rallies around him. i want to say lock arms but i don't think that's it.
that's it
thanks
you know who else won't be in Eugene next week?
yep. boom.

think insane regeneration ala Crawler
what if you shoved a railroad spike through her skull
what makes you think she hasn't already second triggered?
holy SHIT why the fuck is google docs so goddamn SLOW
How can she use grenades when I've parked my car on her neck and thus broken her spine.
that's different
Fine. I'll park on her shoulders.
turned "hero"
And you know what?
Harsh, but fair.
Sure.
You'd be denying me my precious milestone.
I'll kill L-G soon enough.

dasharezone has some hot memes
Chill? This is EXTREMELY offensive to me, as a hothead.
only twenty two? twenty four over here.
It's weird to be one of the older people around, since I got on the internet when I was ~12.
probably earlier.
you're too old, you have to be killed, like in that old movie.
you know which one, being so old.
i'd say lesser
doing one-on-one sessions really, really doesn't work well with "railroady" plots (i.e. go here, do this).
especially since PRT capes are generally parts of team, so you've got other team members the GM has to manage, etc.
owned
it'd probably be OK to run a Protectorate cape or a Ward who's just the same kind of idiot fucknut that makes a good independent but it's a lot more tempting to make a boring character if you're going PRT.
can be a similar issue with members of a villainous org, actually, thinking about it.
heroes can 100% be aggressive.
isn't your ward in detroit
detroit is different from most games in ways that make the common pitfalls with wards not as much of an issue.
it's much more focused on slice of life.
what
Oh, I'm sorry. You took money from the criminals you took down? That makes you a mugger, not a vigilante.
good plan. hurts them financially, plus, you get drugs.
It also makes you higher.
Gives a whole new meaning to taking the high road.
actually, it does.
[in the voice of a police chief] I am so angry about Omar stealing from these drug dealers. My god! Doesn't he realize it's assault and robbery?
First of all, it's confirmed that there are independent heroes in Worm.
One group even has public identities. Therefore, logically, the police do not arrest them.
qed
good job scaring off stoic, tubs.
too much waifu will ruin your laifu.
All it requires is me getting away with it, which thanks to having an idiot god attached to my brain, should be pretty easy.
seems pretty straightforward to me.
whether or not I can do badass 360 noscopes of villains with my AR-15 in the Wormverse.
the answer is: yes, but only if I'm not a parahuman.
trigger idea: 
"American Ninja Warrior Atlanta"
the part where he misses the grab at the end makes me cry every time.
nice sobersplaining.
buy and play the hit new indie title from Stellar Jockeys, Brigador.
i said buy.
steal then. you monster.
oh, anti, you had something you wanted me to look at?
blame spelt
it's what i do
stub my toe irl? "Damn you, spelt!" feeling constipated? "Spelt!!!" your internet goes out for five minutes? Oh you better believe that's spelt's fault.
"if education then no" OK so if I kill somebody and then mindwipe myself I don't need to have somebody work to prevent me from doing that again?
they forgot they ever planned to murder anybody
it's not in the book
Is there a "move up a tick" option for tiered lists in gdocs?
nvm found it
>I've never seen Dune
Don't you mean... you've never read Dune?
It's like saying you've never seen Harry Potter.
btw, Anti, the pregen powers doc is now up to 40.
oh we doing power gen
teller dropped that, p sure.
the Master's at a distance.
that'd be Shaker
don't think so. Blaster's at a distance, which can be multiple people.
I'm not feeling space warping. Very conventional damage.
I'm thinking some kind of Striker-type effect, imbuement or TK or something, can be used for offense or to arrange armor around the parahuman from appropriate materials.
Imbuement-type Striker, very short-lived effect once it's divorced from actively being maintained by the parahuman. Objects are threaded with energy, improving durability (possibly have secondary effect), and when released by the parahuman, creates lots of little claws that grab and pull people in, in a small radius for a round or two. Can be used on costume/armor, and on normal stuff to use as a weapon/grenade.
yeah, along those lines. mirroring getting mobbed by a gillion midgets
would be too big, generally.
but a rock or whatever, basically same effect.
trigger 13
Hmm. So, positive effects on weapons? Just durability, or maybe like +less cuts for melee weapons?
let me write something up, make sure it works.
writing summary atm.
arrows: can be imbued?
more "can you imbue a ranged weapon without the weird fiddly physics fucking up the trajectory."
sorry, computer froze, last thing I saw was me at :30:10
more "can you imbue a ranged weapon without the weird fiddly physics fucking up the trajectory.""
your clock is wrong

lots of Strikers tend towards melee or ranged, could fit here, e.g. the claws grab stuff and tear it off course
my Flint Striker can't really shoot her stuff at range, for example.
but there's a ranged threat (the Master or whatever) so I think it's fine.
oh, right, should there be some Trump?
oh, so base movement range is 60'/round when running.
TIL
striker .2, shaker .3, brute .5?
doesn't really have much striker-y effects tho
$claim 13 Sicol Bend [Lexicon]
$striker .4
$shaker .3
$brute .3
oh and obviously the parahuman's immune to the claws playing grabass
don't really see how outside of some extremely situational things.
maybe like, imbue grapple hook and throw it, trust in claws to drag it to something good?
so they do
"In a game where the player can't naturally accrue underlings or adopt a leadership position, the character instead has a way of making all social interactions with allies go sour, and lowers allied morale simply by being around them."" I already have Playpen I don't need a second one.
join the Keepers instead
I won't.
Do you know who's going to be the head of the Protectorate? Purple Parrot.
it's literally my only option.
You murdered somebody because they were mean to you, and it got you killed.
I didn't take your advice, as I did not even process it mentally.
I literally don't even remember you giving this advice.
I wouldn't know, since I didn't listen to you.
Easy:
It's played by Panda.
Play an ostentatious daredevil independent, Lexi. Get lots of people all following you around, trying to be as cool as you, and they all die in gruesome ways and get lots of people hurt in the process.
I shoot someone with high-powered blast and they die? Why my bad luck so bad?
You attacked someone with lethal force because they were mean.
You acted with flagrant disregard to your own safety and the safety of others because you have no respect for authority, the law, or even common sense, and it got you killed.
It's a stretch that exactly wraps around the facts.
Because it is the truth.
They were.
tantrum
It's the PRINCIPLE of the thing! *shoots everybody for making him wait in line too long at the DMV*
how did that advance her goals even one millimeter.
more like street spread, because she's pasted on the ground.
how did she make it to 27
just sheer brownian motion?
is Horn Lord a supporter of her getting murdered, her fighting a corrupt government, or both?
$used 419
$cache
$used 419
it's on the list but cashy's not finding it. idk what's up with that.
yeah, 418 works fine.
He was kinda dickish" Bwuhh? I threaten hero and he no like me?? How it happen??? My bad luck sooooo bad!
sorry. "I threaten students and hero no like me"
^
USA is the new world empire now that all the European empires are dead and gone. Deal with it.
It is, and European countries are our vassals.
note: for this purpose, and all other purposes, Canada and Australia are European.
they still pray to the queen. European.
You're just stating sentences.
lmao
China is not number one come on.
so does India
Can China invade a country on the opposite side of the globe and smush its political system into rubbish? I don't think so.
all political power flows from the barrel of a gun - Mao Zedong, founder of the PRC.
artificially devaluing your currency makes exports easier.
Japan did the same thing post-WW2, worked real good.
what're you supposed to increment drone tinkers as but partial Masters
Yeah.
They're supposed to be rare.
hang on a sec
"Mar 28 18:45:22 <[ATM]>	Master count modified by 0.5. Current value: 46.4" "May 15 20:38:32 <[ATM]>	Master count modified by 0.5. Current value: 53.9" I'm not seeing any $master between these two.
did somebody do a bunch of gens in another channel?
which draft?
when was wichita's draft?
because Master's at 53.4 on Ap 22 too.
it doesn't look that way
April 13: Master 46.4; April 14: Master 53.4
I only think we incremented on the Ruinous Volley guy because he was from the normal trigger list.
"1055547901273-8ih8esb58cptjinbnogtp6uvonjbsh78" is Cashy, right?
somebody added seven to Master via Cashy on April 14, then.
they didn't increment anything else
there's a couple missing points here and there in my logs but nothing as big as that.
$master
when was "specify a number to increment by" implemented?
it doesn't say which channel.
i'm using the gdoc's revision history
almost certainly a mistake, then.
yeah
but less so
Teller doesn't kill players, players kill themselves and he just happens to be there when it happens.
i'll join if you're that desperate for players tubs
I am, getting in the front of the line, by cutting.
four
honestly I'm not seeing much in the way of Trump. the spouse isn't here, there's no powered people in radius, no powers acting on the triggeree, etc.
no Thinker?
I wish that 'bow would just go through and add the dice icon after all the +1s for the "old" skills, at least.
they "hide behind" being "technically nonviolent"
*parahumans off-topic is awful
this is the main
let's not go to parahumans. 'tis a very silly place.
>D&D
there's your problem
more seriously, >the D&D group is your problem
I've already explained it before, but perhaps the better question would be, what isn't wrong with D&D?
The issue when you game with a preset group of people who all already play D&D is that that's a thin group and a lot of them should be hacked to death with machetes.
Versus, say, grabbing some buddies from work/church/your friend group and playing a game with them.
Ah, then the problem probably was D&D.
>5e shines
no
No.
Nope.
You can keep saying it but it won't become true.
It's not an opinion, it's a statement of fact, which is blatantly false.
I shan't.
Pathfailure.
pathfinder is like 3.5 but even worse
I hope you lost.
lmao
Pathfinder? Playtesting?
I'm very sorry.
Here are my issues with Pathfinder: *pulls out scroll, which is comically large, paper rolling away down to my feet and out the window* Ahem. Number one: caster supremacy; number two: takes too long to gen characters as a GM; *continues to list off issues until my voice is gone*
That's what you would believe, being that you only played 3e.
He's not.
But actually, 2e and 1e severely restricted wizards' access to spells in many ways, most prominently that wizards did not just get to pick whichever spells they liked from a massive list.
4e, also, did not have caster supremacy.
Stop.
when she gets scorched, the eye melts.
during echidna
who can say
'tis a mystery
roll on a chart for a personality
eke one out.
diagnosis: incurable spout disorder. it's terminal.
seriously, knock that off dude.
That's because they're damn Francophiles. They want to kiss France on the lips, the butt lips.
The only reason that Brits spell it "cheque" is because they loved the French and wish they were as cool as them.
Actually,
American English:British English::American Spanish:Continental Spanish. Which is to say, our version of English is closer to the original (thus the fact that British English, for example, is non-rhotic).
"evolved"
Also, it's Sonderman not Sonderson. You clown.
maybe you should have bothered to learn my name before starting your murder rant.
"Okay, you seem to like it put simply, Broadcast. I'm going to beat the shit out of them. I'm going to call up Sonderson, we're going to work out a way to have them put into the birdcage straight up. No three strike shit. If that doesn't work out, I'll shove the pointy end of one of my various weapons through their windpipes."
alignment is like, the least of Pathfinder's problem
LG doesn't mean anything because 3e's alignment system is incoherent.
if alignment isn't meant to restrict your character, explain alignment restrictions on classes.
Lawful and Chaotic don't mean anything because is "follows his own code to the letter, ignoring what everyone else says" Chaotic Good or Lawful Good?
so Chaotic characters are incapable of adhering to a moral philosophy?
I'm not strawmanning.
If following a code makes you Lawful, that implies that, to be Chaotic, you have to not have a code.
So "Chaotic" means "wishy-washy"?
What if my code is that I love freedom and liberty?
The only true kind of freedom: that set down by the Founding Fathers in the Bill of Rights and interpreted by 200+ years of jurisprudence.
Lawful Evil.
...
I'm waiting for the part where this differentiates it from all the other alignments.
Also, it tells you the character might be a Druid, but is not a Paladin.
that suggests that it does tell you what the player wants the character to be, but you don't like that thing.
He's a damn attorney!
4e's alignment system was much better. Simple, very clear what each alignment meant, and it had no real mechanics so you could easily rip it out and throw it in the dustbin of history where it belongs.
Either it doesn't matter at all, in which case, why have it, or it does matter, in which case, your GM will probably wind up whacking you with his interpretation of what Lawful Good means at some point.
I don't know why. 3e Paladins are pretty shitty, Clerics are better in basically every way.
Path = 3e.
mechanics = fun
more like 3.1, amirite?
Powergaming isn't fun in a game like Pathfinder because the mechanics break in a stiff breeze, so effective powergaming basically renders all traditional opponents meaningless. In functional systems, powergaming results in a reasonable, but not overwhelming and unfun, advantage.
He's right.
A lot of TTRPG systems are unbalanced, Ace. I've played characters who are very carefully crafted to be combat optimal in Exalted and Weaver Dice and still had a plenty good time.
make it your last
You can escape the cycle of Pathfinder.
Fate is a decent generic system.
Strike! is supposed to be good for tactical combat (it's sort of a simplified and streamlined 4e combat system) and the other group I game with is extremely nitpicky about RPG systems and haven't fielded any major complaints.
*wakes up, reads backlog* Panda's ability to distort the circumstances surrounding AA getting killed is truly incroyal.
It's just generally him acting like an innocent victim because people were mean to him (after he threatened a couple college students, natch), which means he was 100% justified in acting like an erratic homicidal maniac.
[in Panda's voice] No! I did not threaten them! I just spoke in a way 100% intended to make them think I was threatening them! Technically, there were no threats! All I did was kill a horse and leave its head on their doorstep, that doesn't mean anything, you've got nothing!
Don't think AQ (?) meant to shoot whoever it was in the heart.
Don't fire a lethal weapon at someone unless you're willing to kill them.
I'm going to need good luck to survive six days IRL without imploding from a cliffhanger on an RP podcast.
No, that's you being a fuckhead who has me on ignore.
sex isn't finesse
it's grappling. cripes.
only for free throws
skitter is PP10 not Profundum.
she obviously does not have profundum.
her perks don't shift around.
combat rules are still a bit weird" [said in the voice of somebody who plays Pathfinder voluntarily]
punch his fist with your fist
it has to work
punch his foot
yes, and you're next.
oh you mean in game. nevermind.
how about instead, you play a better game than Pathfinder. here are some examples: *links the Wikipedia category page for all Role-Playing Games*
yes, and?
I don't.
Well. Depends on edition.
Pathfinder but they're both really bad. Pathfinder takes all the rot at 3.5's core and just doubles down on it.
Fog turned into fog/mist and he was a breaker" No!!!
Fog is a Shifter.
aka Changer
yes
no, only Night
too bad
France is mostly Suits, I think.
All countries in the world belong to America.
Suits are the EU equivalent of the PRT, I think.
came up in old Lausanne, there was a Prince Lutin (?) from France, iirc.
1s, Alt, there's a (light on deets) doc on the Suits I can find.

I don't think everywhere in Europe, but they're in France, I'm pretty sure.
"Prince Lutin takes his time despite the fact that he packed light, and you expect he intends to buy what he needs when he arrives.  A Parisian, he has a different power every six hours, as well as a breaker state fallback that lets him fly and fling small darts of electricity.  He was a villain before, and as a hero, he's known to be a bit of a troublemaker and hedonist.  But it's too hard to imprison him reliably, so he's kept on the 
roster."
these are the old Lausanne logs, Prete, Sigridifa and Matador were all Suits.

Dunno if they're supposed to be direct EU authority or just a parallel organization.
burnscar had a flaw
power flaw 2
7 is being blind to the effects of the power
That's a little forward, tubes my man.
Maybe try buying me dinner first.
blaster
definitely not Tinker
how can it not be Trump
fishing for trump isn't against the rules anymore
Affects a moderate area, charged with power (exact effect varies between a few options, at parahuman's choice), can move area around independent of self. Shaker/Blaster-esque. Can teleport into area, immune to its effects.
I'd say One and Nine, honestly, Cam.
Power fucks up relationship with spouse.
So?
$classes
Not really?
what's the campaign?
$claim 33 Wilmington [Flitter]
$trump .5
$mover .5
no
he was thinking of it
corvo teleport with bugs
The MC of Chocolate was the inspiration for my Vancouver character.
I triggered.
I also got Ruin.
Went with secret sessions because, y'know, I need to murder all the other Vancouver players and if they know I'm coming I'll have a harder time of it.
I was going to offer my pre-trigger Akane session for iri but I couldn't find the logs. Soz.
Hmmm. Maybe there should be a 'heavy' category?" Lesser represents subdual/nonlethal dameg, Moderate represents (potentially) lethal damage, Critical represents hyperlethal damage.
not really
Very... passive. Not very useful against mundanes.
how often can you cycle
The one you just posted
You go intangible, you go tangible, how long until you can go intangible again
Liquid/gas/intangible Breaker/Changer is a tough design space to thread. Easy to make something strong and boring.
then it's really feast or famine against mortals.
It depends on the power.
khandhas isn't feast or famine against mortals dude
"I can die if the action economy turns entirely against me" is not feast or famine, because it's true of basically any power or character.
outside of like, Mega's Laus cape.
#86
I'm not a huge fan. Seems like it'd be really passive in play. Tether, wait.
It's fine.
being forced into an unwanted role can be Changer, c.f. Hornlord
Idea: Changer/Striker-esque TK-type power, generates armor of TK effect, claws, etc. Clawing parahumans reduces the intensity of their powers for a period. Something else to make it so you don't just slash people 24/7.
tk tentacles feels like it's not really derived from the trigger.
Yeah, and there's also lots of elements at play besides that.
Thought: what about two powers? One power from the mental elements (stranger/changer) and one from the physical elements (trump/striker/)?
being held
eh
Then blaster.
what's one step from TK?
feast or famine
well, actually, it's more like Rocket Tag
Low-level Stranger power, bolsters stealth somewhat, easier time breaking LoS if caught; think camo. Blaster power generates TK grenades, which can detonate for an effect, chosen from a short list.
okay.

$trigger 86
which game does Lurks run?
Miller's Creek?
I'm just claiming this trigger because we forgot yesterday.
$claim 86 Miller's Creek [Lid]
$stranger .2
$blaster .5
$trump .3
39
breaker?
hmm. a little on the nose. also we're trying to veer away from Masters.
seems like it would be weak and hard to use, in that case.
Hmm. Could be Tinker, now that I think about it.
the problem he's not solving is being in solitary confinement and going insane
if it's to jarring stimuli then he can't really control when he can activate it, which turns back into the passive issue
yeah
I can't choose to create jarring stimuli
how is he getting his hands on a flashbang?
conditional powers are more drug-induced
I don't really feel like this is a Mover trigger much at all. There's a physical element (solitary confinement) which ties into a psychological element (repetitive panic attacks). He's not thinking about escape or wanting to get out.
"teleport to people" is a much stronger power than "sense fear"
I don't think an emotional Thinker power is really appropriate here. Like you said, there's no people around in the trigger.
Hmm. If we're doing Thinker, I keep going back to FoV Thinker - something like Archival or that recent Trump, with the eye power.
I was thinking Breaker but Ish is the GM, I'm pretty sure, and he thinks Thinker.
touches on Master and Shaker elements of the trigger without really twisting into those categories.
themes?
fear, body flipping out, being trapped, confusion.
Thinker power, generates an "all-seeing eye" with a fractal vision. Sees in 360 degrees, large range (LoS), but blinds true body. Can attack with ordinary accuracy, with a little practice, if the eye can see both the parahuman and his target. Then a boost to make it a 1.5 trigger power.
Eye moves independently, obvs.
iri, trigger 39
iri is the player. think heiro's campaign.
it's not really a master trigger
he's not triggering because he's lonely, he's triggering because he's undergoing constant panic attacks, which is really damn Thinker.
if I get my foot caught in a bear trap in the forest, part of it is that nobody is around to help, but also part of it is that I have a damn bear trap on my foot and am starving
possible writeup: 
iri, 39, heiro's game
I'm not 100% on the esoteric shrapnel bit.
?
actually, lemme rewrite the esoteric shrapnel bit.
it dealing damage is bad, I think.

sure, if something's unclear about the writeup
less danger sense & danger sense bonus, probably.
maybe less det too, or det didn't boost accuracy.
I'd say no.
I g2g get some food because there's none in my house atm.
so you triggered, accidentally activated your power, went blind/fractal, freaked and triggered again.
Ishamoridin = Heirophant, right?
no?
are you the gm for iri's new character
welp.
then heiro wasn't on at all for the powergen?
ping me when Heiro gets on, I guess, make sure he's good with the power so I can claim/increment.
it's an easy increment because it's just Thinker 1.
turn 360 degrees and moonwalk away.
heirophant, you here?
Hierophant
we have an order of magnitude more time
more than that
5-10 minutes instead of 5-10 seconds.
I said more than an order of magnitue!!!
iirc sumerians
sorry, babylonians
no, I was right the first time!!!
the sumerians had a base 60 system and the babylonians made the clock based on it. thus 60/60/24.
base 60 would probably be better tbh.
all the peasants hated the revolutionary calendar because it reduced the number of days off they got from one every seven days to one every ten days.
Hierophant: this is the power we genned for iridium:  . If it's good with you, I'll claim and increment for it.
Slipped my mind. I don't think the eye does damage, though." It does not, because then it might degenerate into hiding in a corner while constantly flying over to your enemies and detonating the fly.
ah, so you're good with the power?
Hiero! What's the campaign so I can claim the trigger.
$claim 39 Singapore [iridium248]
$thinker 1
you sure it's not your graphics card
how sure
did you try turning it off and on
yeah
*goes to vote for [x] Leave"
#Grexit
grubbs' exit
there ARE no healing powers. There are just powers that sometimes have friendly applications" There are. This is fanon. The actual quote, in context, clearly means there are no Cauldron vials which regularly give healing powers. There are healing powers, obviously, such as Scapegoat, Panacea, Bonesaw, and Othala. In fact, the prevalance of healers is explicitly referred to in Taylor's internal monologue at o
ne point.
So not only is that pedantic, it's also wrong.
hexchat
Historically, attempting to force triggers works poorly. It's less likely to work, and parahumans who trigger that way are extremely likely to hate whoever caused them to trigger.
it doesn't matter if perks are Actually flaws unless you're doing a draft game or something.
are you getting globs of messages with the same timestamp?
then you're probably not missing anything. you get them like cached or something unless you dc.
Glory Girl is a bud off Brandish, Aiden is a bud off Skitter, Cherish & Regent are buds off Heartbreaker, etc.
the worst day of taylor's life was not the day she triggered.
It was not the worst day up to then.
She explicitly says it was the second worst day of her life, because the worst day was when her mom died.
I can help get rid of that worry if you like.
he's starting unpowered
he's starting unpowered!!!
he doesn't have dysentery.
be Omar Little
who?
who???
you...
go watch the wire.
is lord of the rings a book? is citizen kane a film?
okay, pick your favorite one man psycho from an action flick, then base your character on them.
wichita
one of the things in WD you have to keep in mind is your character rounds out to average. if you want to make a character hypercompetent in one area, they have to be much less competent elsewhere. you can't play a supercop or whatever.
google image search "[your name] the hedgehog" and use that as a jumping off point
it's lame
very reactive, not much player input
i'm thinking
it needs an edge, I think. categories other than Brute/Trump that might apply, however loosely?
Hmm.
Physically grows, on a short continuum (normal-big-huge), the larger it is, the less time they can maintain it, need to pause/catch breath to refresh. When they defeat other parahumans, they gain variants on their powers relevant to a Brute manifestation (aura, shield, Striker boost, leaping, etc), but they hold three at a time, each new one halving the efficacy of the old ones until they're gone.
maybe tie whether the power's available to their size, bigger = more powers.
so at normal you've just got the primary, at huge you've got all three.
nah, basic growing power includes typical bio-brute stuff like durability, regen, strength.
it depends
I can do a write-up.
as soon as notepad opens
lemme do the write-up first

oh i forgot the regen

reckless is extremely appropriate lol.
Infirma is not though.
it's not
but, eh, it's all good.
or you're such a bitch because you were jealous your hubby was in shape.
I really wish he hadn't gone on record as planning to murder villains and stuff.
I guess I'll go ahead with my original plan to make him somebody else's problem.
I PMed it to teller earlier
ah, crap, which game is this for, camtist, nick?
$claim 81 Billings [Camtist]
$brute .5
$trump .5
also, nick, did you increment for 5 (now used 425) in PMs?
could you do it in chat in the future so it's easier to keep track of?
did you guys claim and increment for saff's new power
i didn't
dunno what cats to increment
$help claim
what craft specialty is explosives
Adulting Is Hard
if you hadn't said on a public broadcast that you planned to start killing people MAYBE i wouldn't have had to ship you to jail
Oz dying was not my fault.
no
I will NOT be giving you your weapons.
he actually started a fight in a public place after announcing on the radio that, if I was non-cooperative, he was going to start killing people. I need to look effective, that means I can't let it slide.
That's why I have to immediately take steps.
sure
what do you think it looks like CG
the brotherhood is the one with the class-S, aren't they
Allele?
believe what you like
no
I'm not letting him go.
He is going to court and somehow managing to not be convicted.
And, as a law-respecting citizen of the United States, I will accept the court's decision.
he clearly instigated
I'm just going to start trying to kill Hoagie, if she happens to try to stop me, well, that makes it self-defense.
it was clearly not lethal
and now he no longer has doubt, thus me not letting him out of prison
"She attacked me inside the restaurant, this is self-defense" - Gungnir, to his public defender.
In retrospect giving the players high explosives was bad"
no, he's putting them in the box
I would put him in jail, probably.
you betrayed the law
this is clearly battery
therefore he has to spray his body control goop on her and toss her in the box.
uh huh.
that's not self-defense.
lol
#bestmom
what were tuzi's perks/flaws again
if he gets caught i would probably let him become a probationary ward
he hasn't publicly plotted to murder people. this is called PR.
a high hurdle to leap, truly.
that seems easy to just keep going for basically ever
vampire stuff's hard to do
hmm
Oh, stealing it until they revert is good, mechanically.
not sure how well it fits
ath+2 is really damn good, defensively
it's more that, with the way it works as written, you can basically access that for a whole fight
i was proud of that trigger
caul's
have the dad drive the car while mom's in the trunk, then it looks like a murder-suicide. win-win.
fine. have mom drive the car while dad's in the trunk.
threaten to kill mom if dad calls the cops.
great minds, etc.
make her fall down the stairs, then crawl back up with broken bones, then fall back down the stairs, etc.
you can decide that kind of stuff, generally.
guns are not melee weapons, yeah.
but with this, specifically, it's goop, it's supposed to spread, using it too close means it doesn't have time to spread.
it was a good run. rip.
you can be besties with Playpen
oh shit
when dad calls in the squad
i'm guessing he's got ties to one of the gangs
"badly spelled greek letters" = hebrew
i just ate a bunch of pretzels, and by pretzels I mean a shit ton of salt at the bottom of the pretzel bag, and basically, I now know how soulpelt feels all the time.
no I stuck my finger in and trusted my oils to bring out all the salt
bimodal, defense (Withstand stuff) versus offense (Brawl stuff). Can swap for free from defense to offense when hit, or from offense to defense on takedown.
it would be Thinker?
so skills
shouldn't be immobile
maybe reduced mobility
only when he's not in danger, I'd say. has to win/whatever to leave.
hmm? when did that trigger get used?
and what power did it gen? to increment
what power did it make!!!
increment when you claim!!
Camtist, you're supposed to put the player's name in brackets, not the GM's.
who were those two for? I'll go edit them
used 433 is ColdGold's, and used 434 is Camtist's, right?
if you can reflexively remove a wound why not just do that all the time, whenever you get hurt.
*virtually impossible
I like Anti's.
For detonates catastrophically, maybe it does largely surface damage? I'm imagining it stripping off skin as it goes, revealing bloody muscle.
it's /mode -m
what the hell is this font
don't use goofy fonts like that for main text. it's okay for headings but jeez.
no
use stupid fonts for headers and Cambria or Times or Arial or something for body text.
why am I both gaining dozens of points of thermal energy and also spending fractions of points
what, the gravity thing
magnet thing
I'm not really seeing that as particularly fitting with the trigger?
Hmm.
powers aren't just categories
I keep thinking rotten flesh-vine Striker power, to tie into disease theming.
but I dunno how to make it work
there have been like eleventy billion "shoot thing and TK it together" powers suggested
There was one genned that was Blaster-esque, for some "your BF, trashy partner, beat you up." I think Bungee has something similar.
It's not grabbing me.
oh I meant the one from Dallas
but yeah
summons a barghest to fight for him
thatsthejoke.jpg
I don't see how friction or magnetism really fit with the trigger at all.
Striker power creates and coils rotten flesh vines around a target. Constricts limb hit, causes pain when they try to use them and forces a Brawn roll (DC 4) to do so effectively. Can also be used on environment, creating caltrop-esque areas the parahuman can move through normally, 10'x10' per half-action spent generating and spreading the material.
I was thinking of a vampiric thing like Wink has but I couldn't make it work.
if I'm given fair warning of when it's going to happen, sure. my brain takes a little while to mode switch.
@spelt: more like sucking back up the vines after you're done for boosts? but couldn't make it work.
It's not (necessarily) derp when people call you names, spelt. Further, everyone knows you're adding someone to your ignore list when you do that which is incredibly rude.
I got the ping, am eating.
I actually don't know what Sonderman knows about this situation at all which would really effect how she reacts.
this is re: Caul, right?
done eating, Teller.
please stop the astroturfed Denny's meme
dat boi
here's a nice, artisanal dasharez0ne meme, NOT astroturfed by Denny's: 

I'm good to start on the hour for the Schuyler/Sonderman meet.
if it lasts longer than two hours though it's gonna have to cut in the middle.
yeah, beat up an old lady
lol
$luck attractive
*Schuyler
there's no skill for just interacting with people in general
that's a stat
Sicol Bend.
why?
brain still works like it used to
i'm 47 and twice divorced. your masculine wiles have no effect on me.
it wasn't, you had a heart attack
it's a lucky coincidence
it's important since it makes it Not My Fault that Oz is dead and means nobody does any investigations into it or drags it out or anything.
which one is his?
you did it again.
jesus you two are still playing
about fifteen hours
no, other
wits
hi
Wits = Brawn
sure, what's the problem?
it'd work either way, yeah.
I'd have them change practical abilities. Not necessarily immediately, but yeah.
make a list of 4-12 animals, with differing effects between them. I'd say as many as you can reasonably make distinct.
rhino, triceratops, bull
worm
weasel
ath, full body motion.
Ath = jumping around like a ninja and dodging bullets; Dex = doing surgery and aiming a gun.
_seen lostavocado
rip.
Statistically speaking, you have a marginally less than 1/400 chance of rolling 278.
1/435
stranger things have happened
not based on the npc power one
or the madlibs one
it's $pc if you want to test it.
Actually, it gets colder before it gets hotter as you go up.
what's your power, Jacknife?
last I checked Reflexes was not good
oh yeah? what about Jack Slash.
he also exudes being a serial killer
who has murdered thousands and thousands of people
not that much
being a mass murderer is quite possibly the least PR-friendly thing possible.
so what
there's probably more than one Kim Jung-il fanclub
he gets shot in the face at his first public outing by one of the bajillion family members of the people he and his crew brutally tortured and/or murdered.
so what
who cares
you don't get out of death penalty offenses because you feel sorry about it.
you can't give him positive PR because "PR" means "Public Relations," and Jack Slash cannot ever have good relations with the public.
Not that short.
How much political and social influence does the Holocaust still exert on the modern West, let alone Germany?
so
people didn't forget about it
People still think ill of Wounded Knee.
The Trail of Tears. The Armenian Genocide. Etc.
Much like being a murderhobo and murdering hundreds of thousands of people with your murderhobo crew???
no one would do that
you can't discuss PR in a vacuum from human beings
I think that will worsen his PR with the other 1%.
the Japanese say a lot of things
Hearthstone? I was just watching a great vid on that.
only scrubs claim cheating when they lose, tuzi.

no that's the wrong one
what the hell
then you're like a double scrub

how about you just throw all your money at Blizzard
so you're going to do so?
f2p = the company is trying to suck out your money
yeah, instead you're obligated to jump through unfun hoops that are designed to encourage you to buy shit.
F2P games are basically advertisements for microtransactions, and advertisements are a form of psychic attack designed to get you to buy things. It's not okay.
that's what I do
you are
:thumbsdown:
owned
I got another game in 4h so probably not.
empathy or investigation, social or wits.
But how would this specific skill even work?" How would a person who controls a territory influence the culture in that territory? That's like... one of the primary ways cultures change.
it literally says "controlled urban territory"
You fire bullets at the people who control it until they leave.
You say, "this is my territory now" and fire bullets at anyone who tries to stop you until they stop trying.
Added a couple new appendices to the Power Gen Guide Doc: 
I guess it should be like, 2.1 now.
the other three were already there
third got updated to include the Blasters doc and my things, I suppose.
appendix 1 and 2 were part of 1.0 from the beginning, they just weren't called appendices.
I updated this: 
it's morning in the greatest country in the world (Texas).
also the rest of the great USA
You can believe whatever you like. You'd be wrong, though.
further, the UK is no longer the biggest, and soon may very well be the smallest.
it rules over the entire world to this very day
i'm referring more to the fact that the only reason Scotland didn't leave the UK is because they'd have to leave the EU and, welp,
counterpoint: it's full of queen-worshipers.
it looks really weak
also it's krav maga.
well, yeah, but I can get Brawl/Critical or I could get Brawl/Martial Arts.
well, the other element here is, you already have a native chance to crit, because most wound charts have a "deal 2 wounds" thing on them, and a +1 both boosts that (because now you hit more often) and your overall accuracy too.
Don't feel bad, spelt, Pink has yet to be me either.
no, you weren't
hmm?
Arthur.
Lucas/Luke.
sure
lack of creativity
name a decent one that's not done specifically by marvel
I don't think so, Tim.
what does skeleton mage do if he doesn't have any dead capes around
well I guess he's got one off the bat
Assuming they get their dead spouse's skellington for free with a handwave, sounds good.
no.
i'll write it up
Using the body of a freshly dead parahuman within 30', the power animates their skeleton, making it tear its way loose of their corpse. Skeletons are coated with a layer of metal, mixing together with bone. The skeleton has a base statline of 4/2/2/1/0/0/4, and obeys the parahuman's spoken commands with a simple, dog-level intelligence. If not given commands, it will attack hostiles and attempt to return to its master's side.
The skeleton has powers which are closely linked to the original parahuman's. They may be slight variations, to account for the nature of the skeleton, but otherwise closely resemble the original's in power level and function. Additionally, the skeleton can be "worn" as armor by the parahuman or another. This grants two pips of armor to the wearer, and allows the wearer to use the skeleton's powers.
For the first, I'm thinking a 1 on Social makes the skeleton do something stupid?
berserk's a little far
Hero.
that's... what, Trump .8, Master .2?
it's not
It's $claim # setting [player]
no, # = trigger number. and you have to put the player in brackets
so $claim 32 Miller's Creek [CupofCoffee]
If you do it the way you wrote it, then Cashy will think it's JustLurking's character, for the game MillersCreek CupofCoffee.
$master .2
$trump .8
who are the other trumps?
$luck Apocrypha
well the flaw's effect hasn't been taken into account.
it's for all rolls
Hard to do power incontinence for such a conditional power, tbqh.
Hmm. Nah, I got it.
(pink begins to weep and wail as a flaw becomes a perk)
awful
It's Social, when you fail the roll, your character talks to people like they're one of his minions - i.e. dogs.
and a failure does...?
yeah but what if you're not wearing your armor
what if it's on the other side of town
they can't, but they're in your basement while you do other things
Sure, that works.
trying to protect them, yeah.
fresh means fresh not embalmed and buried six feet under
That means you buy down the stat.
The same way as always?
it's $power flaw 30
Anyway, given that its relevant stat is Guts, I would not recommend it.
armor is Brute unless it's Changer
that would be Striker
if it's just an inch from the skin, yeah.
wait, so is the one inch away thing a kill field? if it's a kill field Striker. if it's just some armor shit then Brute.
They're all terrible. *clicks the link*
on 8: "Trigger as you struggle futilely to do something." Like what?
then say move
well if I try to cover my face then I generally speaking will, unless my body's not working.
what, specifically, I'm struggling to do here would really strongly influence category so I'd make that specific.
brute, abstract damage
so more abstract manifestation
drugs, conditional power
Hmm.
Time Brute. Moves faster, makes an extra action each round, bonus to defense/strength (less/more force in same objective time). Power boosts further on certain conditions.
I don't generally like reacts to damage powers, they tend to be either too strong or too weak, and the player's not really involved in how it plays out.
With this one, the player winds up just relying on being hit to make the power work well, which they don't /really/ have much control over.
what's the Thinker element?
no I mean to the trigger
I'm not seeing a lot of Thinker.
and specifying where the Thinker element is would help with how to make the power manifest.
Sure.
Hmm.
Magic field directly under the skin provides the powers?
If you want to do peel off skin.
Could do it as... powers enhances when the parahuman keeps moving? Tying into conditional and Mover elements of the trigger.
I actually like the concept of building up a field as you move. Not sure about regen; hard to balance, I feel like.
Well, regen via the field.
somebody hears them flipping out and calls the ambo
turns out the dose was just enough to scare 'em straight rather than kill them
etc
or the power just flushes the drug from their system as they trigger
like how Cuttlefish isn't dead
Sometime shortly after the heat death of the universe.
here's a possible write-up: For each round that the parahuman continues to move, they accrete a field of exotic energy over the surface of their body, looking like a second skin. Each round they move at least 60' (one partial action) and/or attack an opponent with a melee strike, they increase their Brawn by one, to a maximum of +4.
They can sacrifice the bonus one-for-one to boost their Athletics by that much for a round, or spend two points to prevent a single Moderate or Lesser Wound (after attack roll, before effect), with the shield protecting them.
yeah
Oh, I was also thinking it degrades at 1/round if they stop moving/attacking, too.
sure
then they get to have their shield up?
I'm basically assuming that they can come into a fight with it up anyway, since they can just jog there.
it's not even like they have to be in shape, if you can't jog for 50 seconds with 100 seconds off you are way too damn out of shape.
make a crit bash move through by burning all four charges? eh.
I know, I can't believe it subscribes to the "you are your atoms" theory of identity.
I'd guess because you're the dude who made Thal's Tinker?
the multitrigger one
_roll 1d6 #Steal all the sixes
you can also just voice them,which I think is +v
#wdHuntsville
it's just a thing in wichita cause y'all use that as a gen chat for some reason
With toxic personnality? Eh, depend, some would max social" Why.
tbh toxic personality is probably the worst flaw on there.
or you can die because you auto-lose half the game.
except no one will let you on their team because everyone viscerally hates you automatically no save no roll.
what teammates? how you going to get teammates?
imagine if there was a flaw that made it so you just automatically lost or fled every fight you got in. sounds stupid, right? now realize that social interaction is about as much of the game as combat.
that just hurts you on the first round
which, if Toxic Personality made you lose the first Social roll in an encounter, that would be fine.
if you have to act, two rounds
$luck toxic personality
you're remembering the effects as being stronger than they are
so does Ruin, except that Ruin doesn't mechanically cut you off from half the game.
yes (no)
It's in the rulebook but nobody does it, Lex.
If nobody has time for it then don't include it as a mechanic.
imo.
Having level ups be entirely dependent on arbitrary OOC things so they can come after three sessions or three hundred is dumb.
Something like that would probably work okay in a more meta/macro game like Flint, but not for your typical WD game.
There are things that are broken on first inspection, and therefore any sensible GM will immediately veto them, and perma-stunlocking people with Presentation 4 is one of them.
I don't think the intent is that if John Murder jumps down from the rafters and starts wailing on me, I can activate Presentation 4 to make him stop for a round.
john murder would be a real good name for a cape.
I like "John Murder" because it reminds me of the protagonist of the hit video game "Chaser," John Chaser.
please stop doing the "Realtalk" thing.
Jane Murder
Steve Murder doesn't have the same ring to it.
I know.
I don't think it's as good at being a generic joke name as John.
Jim, maybe. Bob is too nice sounding.
Yeah, give it the attention necessary to notice it's not worth it.
No, you charge, then you can charge again if you've still got distance left.
or you're hitting a hapless target, but yeah.
wow. 1/18 chance instead of 1/36. woo.
1s.
_c 71*.25
what if your character is batman
It wouldn't.
Because it doesn't actually work that way, and that is fanon.
For comparison, btw, the absolute increase in the odds of you doing 2x damage from +1d on a 2d (versus a target with 2d defenses, no stat bonuses) is approximately 2.75%, because most types of Wounds have a 25% chance of doing double damage (or something similarly bad, like Through and Through). Buying the first dot of Critical gives you an approximately 2.77% (1/36) chance of doing double damage.
i wouldn't buy it without having already bought basically every other combat-booster.
I don't think that. I think it gets worse because you're dumping more and more points to chase after a very unlikely to proc bonus, rather than a much more consistent, reliable effect.
makes portals, things that go through portal become intangible and keep going, some weird interactions with projectiles/etc that I don't remember.
I just noticed that's a pretty decent defensive power, too. People try to shoot you through the field but spacewhale magic makes the bullets intangible and only deal lesser bash instead of blowing your brains out.
no
it's just my secondary name for when Nonagon is already on the server, because I had to reset my computer
UB = Ubuntu
nobody chargenning would make a power that kill the user upon use[...]" Ahahaha. If only.
Some people here, not naming names, are really bad at power gen.
I don't remember you making any particularly stupid.
Which one was he?
I remember the trigger, not the power.
what's it do
lots of people go boom
oh yeah. no I don't remember it actually.
It's really important to think about how the power would actually be used. Ideally, a power has a) a reasonable, fairly straightforward dynamic that's fun in play, and b) the possibility for creative/interesting variant uses.
Yeah. Basically when genning a power I always ask, "would I actually use this," for both the power as a whole and the individual parts.
imagine if somebody got Taylor's power in an actual WD game. hell on earth.
they would be the GM's kill target for their hellish power
Alright. Here's everything going on in the next five city blocks. Do you want to- oh, you're swarming bugs on them while hiding in a bunker and eating a sandwich. Uh. Alright. Good work I guess. Session over. *introduces a Trump who cancels Master powers and decapitates people with his katana*
that's because you haven't been here long enough, Iri.
let me go find one of my old ones that never got played but was just awful
that's nowhere near as bad as some powers
the coma theory is lame
it is
They'd get extremely far because they would hide in a bunker and eat pop tarts.
I had a Striker whose power turned organic materials into pearl, oh and he couldn't control it around other parahumans, and another Striker who initially just... uhh... shittily protected against ranged attacks.
PS: striker dude had no legs because of his trigger.
the first one
that's
oh
they are
yeah, with no legs
and the ranged defense striker was in Germany which apparently is a totalitarian police state where you can't have guns or even bows.
yeah you can
there are powers that work fine if you're crippled.
the trigger is explicitly of a serial killer
which i suppose is all the more reason to be a hero.
Yes, so he's slightly better prepared for an invasion of norman longbowmen than hsi countrymen" also lol
who did the write-up on that? I remember chiming in but I think I was busy
what's the current write-up
dude come on
lol
*crickets chirp*
Striker, imbues weapon, weapon explodes, killing both the wielder and the victim instantly.
turns into claw monster
I'd actually lean pretty heavy on Brute.
with a Striker bonus
Strength, durability, regen. Enhanced unarmed attacks, deal pain & DoT.
feels like a physical brute, given the very straightforward and physical nature of damage, which works against force field or striker brutes.
well, just slashing attacks isn't very interesting. it's alright but could do with a little bit of interest.
Sure?
+3 Brawn, +1 Guts. Unarmed melee "clawing" attacks are enhanced by power, dealing Moderate Rends. Targets hit are tagged, the parahuman gaining a constant sense of their location (lasting until they die), which is sufficiently accurate to target through opaque objects at a -1 penalty. Further attacks enhanced by the power against the same target may inflict bleed, pain, or stagger, at the parahuman's choice.
It seems... fitting, but like it would just result in dragged out fights rather than anything interesting, Ace.
yes, and?
it's a brute trigger
haha fuck no
+3 Guts = combat will never end
@Ace: the way to do that would be to NOT activate the power that lets you spend a turn undoing damage to both you & your opponent, thus rendering it superfluous.
It's zero sum
They hit me, I hit them, I use this power and undo both of those things.
like i said, it's zero sum.
it's not making them unbeatable, it's just making the fight last longer without altering the balance of power
like how?
that's one idea.
vampire attacks have to be balanced by heavily limiting access or action economy.
No
Idea: on lethal takedowns with magic fingers, gets a temp +1 to Guts (incl. wound).
Hmm. Maybe too easy to just gank five civilians.
So that it's not stupid and unfun??
Lasts five minutes, say.
+3 Brawn, +1 Guts. Unarmed melee "clawing" attacks are enhanced by power, dealing Moderate Rends. Targets hit are tagged, the parahuman gaining a constant sense of their location (lasting until they die), which is sufficiently accurate to target through opaque objects at a -1 penalty. Further attacks enhanced by the power against the same target may inflict bleed, pain, or stagger, at the parahuman's choice.
On killing a target with the claws, gains a temporary +1 bonus to Guts (granting both a Wound slot and a bonus to Guts rolls). This bonus lasts for five minutes outside of combat, and if the Wound slot is filled at this time, the effect of the wound remains. Regenerates at a rate of one lesser Wound/hour (or one mod/2 hours).
spelt? You're the GM, what do you think of the write-up?
brute .7/striker .3?
let me PM you something.
I made like forty pregens, Anti doesn't want them getting spread around though because he uses them for modular games and doesn't want players to know in advance what they'll get/etc.
Other ones:  ;  ;  ;  ;
 ; 
hush
not even in the right order. smdh.
?
ack.
well, no undo
$brute .7
$striker .3
yeah, I think
unless there's some big problem I missed
it's $classes
do you have any problems with the power, Pink?
spacewhale magic version of an endorphine rush from a good kill.
Oh yeah, was your luck life-only?
spacewhale magic version of an endorphine rush from a good kill. <--- Like that cyborg from Global Frequency
Ah, cool, doesn't need to be changed then.
what did you pick for Scelesta out of curiosity?
actually
$striker -.1
$thinker .1
(for the tracking power)
You have to do a claw attack, was my thought.
Helps prevent a repeat of your trigger.
it means the secondary effects
So you have three (empty) wound slots, kill a dude. You now have an extra empty wound slot, and +1 Guts. If you get hit, it fills that extra slot. When the effect fades, you keep the effect, but you don't shift the actual damage.
*when the Guts fades
capes with awful powers are a sometimes food.
not if they attack her one at a time
it's not good
citical
critical
nah
$roll 3h6+3
My name is a lie. " Tha liar.
trigger event  A tale as old as time.
"now"
it's Madison. it was already doomed.
he does
spend only one round dwelling on it
'bow: having Brawn do both +to-hit and +armor is insane and makes it a god stat. It also makes it hard to create a Brute power that doesn't break the system.
bow just said he doesn't want to interrupt conversations with other stuff so I'm trying to jump through the hoops.
and by "it" I mean "tying Brawn to either +health or +to-hit," not tying it to both, which is just double insane
you can, and should, always just kill him anyways
am i still connected?
$roll 1d6
huh. no join/leave messages for almost an hour and a half.
my gaming schedule Elsewhere has just been adjusted to be Thu-Sat for the next month-ish, sorry.
are you free on Sunday, Anti?
i live in CST as does Anti
a bit, yes.
You know, everyone's tried to execute Armada so far" I promise I won't try to execute him.
unless you team up with the guys who skinned my husband. but I doubt you'd do that.
it's a mere mortal
he's fine
the one who needs medical assistance is me probably because I fell down some stairs and broke all my ribs
who cares that he's got 1 in all stats. he just turns into a breaker.
and by "fell down some stairs" I mean "had multiple cars thrown at me"
what was that one?
what was wrong with 1.4?
Ah.
fucked up if true
life is pain
I bet you haven't had any of your ribs broken.
See?
does Emplacement have a Tinker table?
Ah.
*me and my wife
great let's schedule a session with four people and a gm
What methodology would a sniper rifle Tinker (w/ some lens tech) who hot swaps between variant ammo types after every shot be?
sure
clear and replace battery after each shot
what's the base range for a rifle? 70'?
crit bash, probably
or 2x mod bash
you know any good Implement or Heirloom or w/e Tinker tables?
good ol' whatshisname. whatever happened to him?
_seen whatshisname
rip
Ah.
thought he was something else?
just trying to fill out the last augs and trying to come up with ideas.
oh I left to get food and such
she's right, other people cleaning your stuff is the worst
better that it be dirty
Re: lethal force. Part of it is probably that going homicidal is strictly superior as Moderate Wounds are potentially lethal, take opponents out quicker, and have worse debuffs.
like just on how much faster moderate wounds take people out, it's like a 30% shift to be using lesser while the other guy's using moderate, from 55:45 to 30:60 chance of victory.
which is equivalent to like two points of difference in combat stats
containment foam goes bad after like a week so it's not really available on the black market
I don't think the police are considered effectively equipped to deal with parahuman threats and thus largely defer to PRT teams.
the police IRL are perfectly good at sitting there, waiting for the specialists, and not getting into fights they aren't equipped for.
if they don't know it's a parahuman they won't know to shoot them with nine billion bullets. if they do know it's a parahuman they will know they might get brutally slaughtered if they shoot
it'd probably be easier to specialize an emotion sensor
but that's goofy and dumb so no you can't do it.
that doesn't work very well
Yeah, but it doesn't mean you know how they work, apparently. Like you may have "Some kind of blast", but you don't know that your blast actually takes on the properties of matter it passes through - It's useless on it's own." I think they generally do come with some kind of intuitive sense of the contours, such that the power is not useless on its own.
there's a $used trigger with an esoteric power where you body swapped and the guy immediately knew exactly what his power would do
yeah that's why I would never get a blind power in a draft.
it gets a lot less fun after doing it once
it's chaff on the good bits, where you brutally murder people and chat
what, in laus?
when your boyfriend dies and my husband does we can bro
do you REALLY want to try to schedule a session for five people
Malin? I doubt it.
Because there's zero real stakes and I have no real interest in Cauldron.
eh.
even if true, doesn't really change either of those two key points.
actually given that he left ten minutes before you posted that, iri was not upp.
does anybody remember when my game with anti was scheduled?
i was just asking when the session was planned so I didn't have to hunt through my logs to find it. i remembered today but couldn't remember the time.
~2h20m from now? so 3pm CDT
yeah rip
yeah
Antioch?
there are bats. he wants fewer bats. a tale as old as time.
you should not do that
what argument?
here's an argument: he fucked up his attempt to murder his parents.
I mean, it's probably better for him that he didn't murder his parents." No? He could have easily gotten away with it.
have dad drive the car into the ocean under mind control while mom's in the trunk.
It's better for him. Not better for his parents.
Yes.
I don't know where my mom and dad are. Whoa, fucked up that my dad killed my mom and himself.
people get away with murder all the time without superpowers
he has a really good get away with murder superpower
have you never heard of cleaning
did you guys increment for the suicidal dude who cut open his wrists
yeah
you claimed and didn't increment when you claimed
but it had been left out
so I don't know if y'all incremented but forgot to claim the first time
i don't think you did
soulpelt|, what were the categories on Lid's power for Mosswood
that doesn't add to 1
where?
$breaker .7
$mover .1
$shaker .1
$brute .1
worm novel or lausanne sessions?
the capes' names don't follow the card theming
they have titles in the orgs but they have their own names like Durandal
yes
there was such a cape
"Coup De Grace is a hemokinetic, favoring the use of razor wire and throwing weapons, capable of moving his own body with his power to slide himself around the battlefield, and opening his opponent's wounds further, though the latter use of his power tends to make the opponent resistant to further 'executions'."
why would you think that? they're the European PRT
as opposed to the American PRT?
that was king's men pretty sure
yep
number man interlude doesn't even mention the Suits
what the hell kinda power would coup d'etat be
awful
Coup d'Etat would be an *extremely* appropriate name for a Bonapartist.
given that he seized power in the Coup of Brumaire
it was only 10 hours
it is an exceedingly horrific and prolific disease.
i was wearing gloves
what
what the heck does "nonagon infinity opens the door" mean
trigger idea: 
they could
yeah and it looks ugly because bow doesn't use a good client.
i recommend brutally murdering your players with assassin's creed moves and puppeteering their corpses
worm fanfic thread delenda est
read this: *sends you a note calling you mean names*
surely it's not half" Yeah, you're right, it's probably more like two thirds.
looks like somebody isn't up on their x-men
it's complete. i'd probably like to go back over the Thinker and Changer lists at some point, but it produces them.
Thinker because the skill Thinkers are particularly weak and Changer because they're all mutation list style Changers.
it's just harder to do a good Changer or Thinker power when you're assembling by parts like $pc does.
there's a difference between there being sex in a game and ERP
scroll up slightly
what?
spacebattles has a shit ton of worm discussion. it's a huge tumor on the forum (no offense), and the forum itself is very active and large.
Worm Thread #40 Page 2000
sure
i'm not denying it's a bad forum
it's just a huge worm hangout
define "that kind of game"
obviously Questionable Questing.
it's the nsfw shit
it was a stupid bad idea and everybody who was questing on /tg/ at the time knew it
anonkun is fine
yeah, south america is fine. not like it's europe.
It's got cute stick figure art and everything" here's a cute stick figure art for ya: 
man tubes has a great power. proud of it.
*maymays
rip baltimore. rip mistral.
you do not
you count down from the top
ignoring empty spaces
no
you count the filled in ones, one by one, slowly, from the top to the bottom. empty ones get skipped.
or from the bottom to top if it's like, 46 or w/e.
yeah, don't think it was for a power gen though.
Changer
'tis
maaaaybe Thinker or Master?
but yeah, Changer primary.
wow.
So. Disgust with self, feeling of being used, contradiction between ideals/behavior.
yeah but they're different bugs
they're bugs
yeah, that fits
they're not arthropods, but they're bugs.
hmm.
lol
*VtR
well presumably the form would have some boosts
mobility? stealth?
eh.
hmm. actually, what about blood form changer with hemokinetic boosts?
so powers in changer state would be flight, bloodsucking, maybe agility?
SomeCrazyGuy, you here?
what's the Changer versus Striker distribution on Mish's power for Philly? 60/40? 50/50?
ok
they can voluntarily shift into the bat thing, right?
i know there's an involuntary element, where it gets worse if they don't feed. but can they activate it intentionally?
huh.
right. hmm.
what bonuses does alternate form have beyond bloodsucking? just wall-crawling?
$claim 43 Philly [Mishie]
$changer .5
$striker .5
Out of idle curiosity, Anti, what's your favorite PC power that has ever been made for WD?
power, not PC
it was powerful, and useful, but it was a little, mmm, generic.
Yeah, I mean there's definitely a boon to a slick combo between trigger/power.
Bakuda's?
she aged up
why would you assume her aging up didn't reach the point her hymen got rea- you know what forget it
Alright, so Driving is pure shit tier forever confirmed." It's shit tier for reasons entirely unrelated to MAD.
multiple attribute dependency, don't you play some d&d variant.
well WD is generally full of murderhobo because of  the system [...] D&D is full of murderhobos because of the players" I'm pretty sure it's the opposite way around. Also WD isn't really that full of murderhobos.
??
is this the royal we
don't worry, i have a degree in it and it took me weeks of working on some homebrew to realize that 5/3>3/2.
for some reason i kept thinking it was the other way around
yes i figured it out eventually
that's very presumptuous
did you guys claim/increment for pink's power last night
anti, do you know where Akane's pre-trigger log is? I can't find it.
thanks
he unhinged his jaw and ate his laptop whole, as Germans are wont to do.
or maybe i'm thinking of snakes.
"He leaves the room, not intent on trying to parse whatever indecipherable response you come up with." lol brutal.
owned
he just said you can't vote for yourself.
Thanks, Non. Thon.
changer, maybe tinker, idk.
i shall not
exalted's perfect defense issue was that every hit was hyperlethal so if you didn't have a PD you were dead the first time the roll went bad
if it was the other way around you'd feel just as annoyed when you rolled a six and your attack missed
mirror match two schlubs with ties going to attacker ends in ~4 rounds, two schlubs with ties going to defender ends in ~5.5 rounds.
i can't simulate that without enormously overhauling the simplified simulation i use
defensive capes need to be shittier
because if you have +6 accuracy you hit every time and the battle ends fairly quickly. if you have +6 dodge the fight never ends
characters like that I would just ignore Guts for
and say they have a special magic defense that blocks all attacks
because that's what +6 guts amounts to really
I like the system about as is, but I do wish that there wasn't a .5% chance that my character gets instadomed every time some idiot with a gun takes a pot shot.
well, a, it's not really, and b, it's not fun.
also +6 Guts is more like Aegis, not Alexandria.
since a +6 Guts character can eventually be weathered down
lol
that is invincibility man
he doesn't heal in combat time
crawler, maybe
he ignores it
which is different
no because he's only got so much meat
so you can wear him down, which is what a big pile of Guts does
i'm pretty sure he hotswaps really quick
he'd still need bonus Guts
but yeah, something like that.
regeneration in combat time does insane shit to the system lol
Guts atm is the dump stat, might as well put everything into athletics and doge" Having more Guts is worth it JUST for the bonus health and the bonus to resist getting KO'd. It's worth about as much as a point of Athletics in terms of win probability.
Guts being used for Endurance is basically irrelevant lol
also athletics is stamina not guts
the skill, sure
but a) double-stat skills are getting more or less removed, and b) Athletics is the stat, most people don't buy Endurance anyway so it being limited by Guts isn't relevant.
Guts gives you wounds, which is its primary advantage.
it's enough of an advantage to make it not an easy dump, the stuff you're mentioning is only occasionally relevant, whereas more Wounds is basically always relevant.
If Guts only did everything Guts does other than being HP, it'd be an easy dump.
I am.
who was that guy with a jillion skills" Apex? That's Belaris.
you don't realize how absolutely awful Notepad is until you get Notepad++. or hell, even mac os x's text editor (Text Edit, I think?)
I have in my hands a list of players for WDFairbanks.
very Thinker. mental stress.
do you need to alert us every time you leave for five seconds
well unless you get hit by a bus in the 1m you're away nobody's going to notice
nice gen
he went to the grocery store and left his computer open I just kind of had to" Impersonating a mod. Foreverbanned.
doesn't sound very conflict-y.
unless it's supposed to be a Master-esque deal?
I... hmm.
I feel like "being smexy" should be one manifestation of a core specialty rather than the entire specialty.
self-modification is really broad
no, saff is pretending to be him.
thinker-tinkers seem hellish to make.
changer/thinker? or changer/tinker?
trigger 45
Teleports, leaving behind a big old puff of thick, blinding smoke.
powers that require tagging a ton of stuff before using it are a pain in the ass.
brute is physical trauma, striker is focused, melee threat.
can be overlap but not necessarily.
the thing with tagging objects is that the player is heavily incentivized to tag a billion things before doing anything
it's not even the number
well, one would probably be fine
what's the size of the somke
*smoke
I'd do at least 10'.
the trigger could be a while back
is this write-up accurate:
Parahuman can teleport up to 35' as a half-action, vanishing in a thick puff of smoke which rapidly expands to be about 10' radius. This smoke is opaque to normal senses, though the parahuman can see through it. Additionally, the parahuman can tag an object, using it as a focus to teleport to it, or teleport it to the parahuman. If the object is teleported, the puff still appears.
$mover .8
$shaker .2
$claim 23 Fairbanks [Jackknife]
$classes
$mover -.2
$stranger .2
more the distraction/disorienting kind of stranger
pretty sure oni lee isn't a stranger.
wow. this is okay? this is what we're doing? it's okay to call people ding dings?
is there a Yangban member named Four
or do they skip that like elevators.
as opposed to the atheist materialists of the PRC?
all the ones i've played, I think. a couple are boys but they're in ded games
come out as what. badass and win?
If I have to stare at a pronoun all day, it might as well be a girl's.
If I have to stare at a pronoun all day, it might as well be a girl's.
what if you had some dead man's switch bomb that you had to call every X minutes and you were going to let it blow but it turns out a telemarketer called it on accident" Then you would die X minutes later than expected?
Then the building would blow up X minutes later than expected.
rip schuyler.
remember when schuyler was alive, and not dead? i remember them like they were just a few minutes ago. good times. good times.
wow. i can't believe that schuyler didn't die.
and it's scary
i beat you to the post
did this get rolled recently?
lemme check my logs
accidental roll, carry on
didn't spelt lie to himself and pretend that he was actual a sphinx or something
yeah. didn't spelt, the player, pretend that mousetrap looked like a sphinx instead of a naked mole rat or w/e.
or whatever her name was
they're all terrible. *clicks the link*
I regret it already.
it's because anti's a maroon
 a fugitive black slave of the West Indies and Guiana in the 17th and 18th centuries; also : a descendant of such a slave
more seriously: "A malapropism and favorite expression of Bugs Bunny, after outwitting Elmer Fudd. Usually uttered by Bugs this while walking away and wiping his hands in satisfaction. The joke of course is that Bugs mispronounces "moron."  Bugs: "What a maroon.""
join zenith bitch
well you could die alone I guess
if that's what you want
do NOT join anti he is a big idiot.
the man already got himself killed once, is this the kind of guy you want leading you?
lol
go ahead
make my day
aren't you korean
and the Tong is Chinese
don't get yourself killed dumbass. god.
if you want to die then join the Keepes
*Keepers
how old are you
what state is sicol bend in? washington?
calling people gay slurs is his right as an American citizen.
I'd also trade Mishie to get her back.
it says this: " - Welcome to WD Cottbus. Destination: Iceland. - Deadline: Aug. 30th, send them over Dashy if I'm not here."
i went to check the channel and there's literally been 0 posts there in the time i've been idling, other than you changing the topic which isn't a post, and now you banning pink, which also isn't a post.
1 in 12 chance" 11.5
half odds of Trump
you don't "need" beer. you /want/ beer.
it's an intervention
the only triggers that would drive me insane are the ones where the character is incredibly shitty with money
hit the dorito button, something dorito happens. button, dorito, together at last.
I did it. I won the victory over myself. I love the product.
you can't change it unless it's commentable, iirc.
Teller, also, cannot change it.
afaict
suck robot legs
let's not say anything we can't take back, tubs.
inb4 horn lord brutally disembowels Slither in front of a live studio audience.
yeah. he's said as much.
If someone's want to play a game this weekend, I'd be available. (I switched to GMing)"
it "sounds" fun
RIP Mystery Blaster, never forget.
It makes it very hard for your character to be proactive, because obviously your character isn't mentally retarded so they'll spend time trying to work out their power unless the GM throws them to the lions which is an entirely different problem set.
but not really proactive either.
It seems like it would make me, If I was GM, claw my face off.
Akane was semi-blind and it wasn't bad but I don't feel any desire to repeat the experience. Didn't feel like it added much.
hell,
She had vision issues after her trigger event, but more importantly I had very little idea how her power operated at the outset and only moderately more now.
yeah
it would be this bad: ass. that is to say, it would be badass.
my next Brute is going to pick up the Skin option on her outfit and dance around in a bikini
Locked room mystery? Explaining why a cape didn't do it is hard." Because the person who committed the murder was not a parahuman?
I imagine police procedurals in Worm, for example, have The Parahuman Villain Episode in the same way that police procedurals in real life have The Serial Killer Episode.
there's already mechanisms for dealing with massive disasters in insurance
e.g. there's probably a clause in your insurance that says it doesn't apply in case of invasion, insurrection, rebellion, or civil war.
I mean, Worm is worse for big scale natural disasters like Katrina and the Tohoku Earthquake (and subsequent tsunami), but insurance has dealt with that kind of stuff for hundreds of years.
just crank up the rates
or say endbringers don't count. probably both. have to buy special S-Class Insurance
which is
same
what're you looking for in rp sessions
what kind of rp style, though? like Akane and Stray have very distinctive personalities, Lumen's probably got my cleverest moment, and Nach's my most aggressive cape.
i figured out the twins' weakness basically instantly
I'm still embarrassed about Gardener." As you should be.
i didn't get to play in oakland
pray for me everyone, i'm about to roll
$roll 1d20+10
come the FUKC
on
i rolled 1 for both Sicol and San Raul. what are the odds? 1/400.
since we rolled the same number, let's be twins anti
identical?
no!
how many player slots? 6?
alright, everybody stop applying so I can get in.
max +3
I could just go through my pregen doc and dump a ton of triggers out of there.
I'm up for it.
what's $90?
same score and applying as a pair
scared?
alright just steal a bunch of the triggers from the pregen doc and give them your name
if they didn't i'd be so high
i'd have 38 points if it weren't capped at +3.
especially as luck is not real
!search superstition
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 475)
(said in the voice of somebody who rolled two 1s in a row on d20s)
what are the options
$roll 1d4 Katie bomb|Redcap squad fight
$roll 1d2
squad fight
there
Yeah, I don't like the way the d20+bonus winds up making you slide progressively further and further from playing with each additional player.
the odds are the same, just bad Gamefeel
Now I'm thinking...given the bonuses and d20, what's the mathematically equivalent raffle system?" After testing with python, d20+bonus dice competition is almost exactly equivalent to 7+bonus tickets raffle.
[0.364, 0.409, 0.463, 0.526, 0.581, 0.625, 0.683, 0.733, 0.788, 0.828] (d20) versus [0.365, 0.417, 0.470, 0.522, 0.574, 0.626, 0.678, 0.730, 0.783, 0.835] (7+raffle). rounded to 3 digits so I don't flood chat.
for a raffle with ten people, bonuses of 0 to +9
Probably?
yeah. for twenty entrants [0,0,1,1,...9,9] it's ~2.
actually, no, that's a rough guesstimation because it's too much of a pain to do probability without replacement.
for the raffle tickets, anyway.
alright, redid it with a proper raffle. raffle won't even be mathematically equivalent; it drags the top down long before it raises the bottom up to an equivalent level.
at one base ticket +9 is worse off than with d20; it takes five base tickets before +0 is about as well off as with d20.
turn on your monitor.
if you want to futz with it: 
I could not be fucked to handle ties in the d20 model so it just counts them both as winners and raises the total # of winners accordingly.
oh, I can just use random.random() to resolve ties, now that I think about it.
yeah
This is purely emotional" most people have an emotional reaction to the danger of potentially being shot to death by a million bullets.
@CG: There's a Wichita dude who got a blaster trigger off the /potential/ of his parents beating him again. (Used 417.) Threat doesn't have to be absolutely immediate and proximate to be Blaster.
he already left
prehensile, spines, scaly, etc.
a sort of blaster/master-y power, where the power generates a lot of little, idk, "fireflies" that home on enemies?
if it's just the jerk it seems pretty weak. could be upped elsewhere, rather than damage - long-lasting, rapid fire, stacking.
*knock you out
well what's the effect of being hit
no
alpha strikes are superior in most resource allocation "gambits" because you can alpha strike and then run away if you fuck up.
okay
he fires at four guys with five each
why would he marshal them for later
Probably he beats them up while they're down.
consistent battle-long attacks, since wounds stack up and people become less effective. If you want to make the equation more complex, you have to make the big heavy attack have risks/issues/whatever beyond just losing access to the consistent long-term attack.
(Assuming that firing 20 shots now does the same amount of damage as firing two shots a round over ten rounds.)
having twenty "ammo" sounds like a lot of paperwork no matter what the effect is.
I'm gaming elsewhere.
shouldn't be breaker since that was luck
and the point is to avoid over-repetition in ideas.
it keeps track of the character classifications to avoid constantly generating Masters
or Tinkers. or whatever.
volunteers i think
$breaker -.1
$blaster .1
you can turn into a moose and speak moose. donezo.
it's not intended to be a double trigger
it's not cooperation
hmm. guess that doesn't come through.
The intent is that you're absolutely willing to drown your brother in order to live, and that's what's going on.
yeah. well not kill. but "if you have to die for me to live, then OK."
I'm distracted and can't offer that much anyways. I like Anti's idea.
it's pretty bad
trigger 50
that's a disadvantage
-versatility: the max range is the same, but the stack-up for power punches only starts when people are <25' away?
$claim 50 San Raul [Teller]
$shaker .5
$striker .5
the --versatility +efficiency thing
the one you hate
wasn't any limit on ramp up before luck tho.
oh taht
i think i agree with you on the X suffers Y gains thing now
multiple reasons
it's fine i think? well okay.
i mean you got --versatility +efficiency option
figured out
the 10' thing? yeah
@Anti: most particularly, WD as a system doesn't have very many discrete values for you to slide that kind of stuff into. like i have, in the past, spent time trying to work out how many charges would be appropriate for a power so that it's not too strong/weak, and then you get +/-efficiency and it just completely fucks with that.
i mean, a power with 4 charges could go up to 5 or down to 3, probably, but it can't go up to 6 or down to 2, probably, and there's two/one steps thing, etc.
+4 armor, +2 to all Withstand rolls, immunity to Bash/Pierce? jfc.
write it in notepad++ and copy and paste.
copy it into the fancy table
sad.
" Parahuman is immune to bash and pierce damage, and has an extra Withstand die against other attacks that are not cutting or burning. "
ace
does the cape also have +4 armor, +3 brawn, and +2 to withstand rolls
there's some other bits but that's the insanely OP part
very high armor + accuracy = basically no one can beat you
brawn
you punch really fast/can make sweeps so there's no time to dodge.
If you make the other guy run away, you won.
counters for PCs have to follow certain rules of fair play. yes, you could probably kill 99% of PC capes by just putting a bunch of explosives around and blowing them up when they get near them, but that would be a really unfun and lame way to lose a cape.
i'm not really sure what crowd control means here
He still has a ton of health
he can run through fire
He has 4 armor
If I'm flying around and plink-plinking this guy from out of his range, it's going to take me like ten rounds to take him down.
What can he do? Spend two hours with me wasting our time slooooowly resolving the combat.
you have +2 Guts that applies to guts rolls, which includes Withstand.
>ntr
i didn't say +2 withstand die? +2 on withstand rolls is better than +2d anyway
oh, I just thought it was very in character given what I recall players in your quests talking about.
it's been forever
not actual NTR, just vibes.
it would be epic
you can have a harem situation, IF you're in the middle ages and you literally have a harem.
who cares what they want. i'm the king.
there wasn't ALWAYS insane violence
I've been reading through them, and there were times it didn't end that way.
are we talking a dynasty or an individual transition?
well no
well
arguably, on some occasions, when a general just quietly knocked off the previous monarch and crowned himself emperor.
but not every transition is dynastic
>use digits of pi
Because I don't want players to steamroll stuff and deal with consequences that turn up from that like you, iridium248 " I don't want players to steamroll stuff, so I'm going to use the Gamer system.
lame
LAME
I don't know how anybody plays Exalted with actual dice. Good lord.
like, on roll20 it's fine, because you do /roll 26d10sd>7 and it auto-sorts and you can see all the 10s easy to count up your successes, but imagine actually rolling that many dice and having to count them.
you have a cool fight scene of move-countermove-move
2e is very bad, mechanically.
Basically in 2e motes were your hit points but they were also everything else your character did, so everybody had to be conservative and boring with their Charms because you don't want to spend more points on attack than you force your opponents to spend on defense.
But in 3e, Initiative is (kind of) hit points, and it's not used for nearly as much stuff.
other than attacks
because they're lame
they're emotional children and uncreative, is what he's saying.
iirc they made it that hot on the theory people would drive back to work and then drink it.
if it was poisoned she would have been the one who drank it.
she got less than full amount because she was judged to have been partly responsible
it was hot enough to cause third degree burns
which puts part of the responsibility on McDonald's, for selling coffee that was too hot.
that's completely different lol
the equivalent would be if your pinto blew up because you backed into somebody
If I worked on my Pinto's engine, and it exploded, due to the way the engine was built being unsafe, I would have a pretty good court case against Ford.
no?
I spill drinks on myself all the time.
They should not cause me third degree burns.
It's McD's fault that it caused third degree burns.
nah
i'm not going to #parahumans
ever
i wonder what happened to Korea
which one were you
try not to die
it might change the balance of power, or not, depending on how the parahumans show up and how many on either side.
is assassination a normal part of one side or the other's strategy? If not, I don't think parahumans would be particularly likely to do it.
maybe if their power's only good for it
but warzones don't tend to produce Strangers
i mean the thing is, dumping parahumans into a war zone is like rolling a random number generator and giving both sides a bunch of extra force. it can result in anything, it depends on which way the RNG shakes out. the losers could become the winners, or their newfound advantage could be insufficient against the force of the other side.
just pick what makes the setting interesting
it's #WDOT
about the same length as always for me
shards don't like guns because they're high lethality and not interesting. ignore all the other high lethality things shards are fine with.
it's Know and Wits
guts is a defense
-1 Guts is worse for survivability than +1 Athletics.
Armor face refers to powers which are useful almost solely in reaction to the specific trigger event. e.g. a character whose power is just having an armor-plated face, would suck.
dubious
Versus a character whose power is being a Brute encased in metal, who would be alright on a power level even if they'd probably need a twist.
okay
armorface means "this power is useful solely as a response to the trigger event." Knifeface would be like, "this power is useful solely to replicate the trigger event on other people." Powers being evocative of the trigger event, or being useful in response to the trigger event, is normal and correct.
i'm actually not sure knifeface would even be coherent, thinking about it. well maybe for a trigger other than face stabs.
like, you suffered an emotional breakdown over money, your power is to make people think they don't have any money.
yeah because the armorface caveat in the book is poorly explained and people seize on random shit to overexaggerate and complain about.
not complain about i guess
You could write 10,000 words on power creation and people could easily pick 20 of them to turn into a stupid soundbite, is what I'm saying.
I wouldn't because it's pretty weak on its own.
it does
even Alexandria, with probably the most staple variation on the Alexandria package, has a Thinker sub-power.
there's wog to the effect that she aged up a bit and stopped
Chief Director Rebecca Costa-Brown doesn't look like a loli.
found it: 
When my mom was like 15 (?) she went to her dad's legal office for the first time for some reason and the secretaries were wondering who was letting their secretary wear pants.
what are your favorite perks/flaws, BUT, they have to be ones that wouldn't be stupid in a group game (e.g. Ruin).
btw, bow, on the new trigger sheet, might be useful to have a "power summary" tab (20 words or less desc). since actually adding charsheet links is a pita because you can only do it hours afterwards by manually going in, and often only the specific player and the GM have access to the sheet.
trigger author's useful for raffle stuff, makes an easy count.
it's $claim # city [player]
right now
you have to put [Antioch] or it'll say it's the city Singapore Antioch
and the player is Wilbdow
don't you dare denigrate Coldsteel the Hedgehog by comparing him to that antagonist.
what's this about hot girls with big boobies who are housewives
dr3
who approved that power?" That sounds like a power from before my time, so probably nobody.
yes
no, when i joined people made plenty of bad powers. i feel like it's dropped off some.
Doesn't need to be Thinker. Kid feels trapped, in some kind of social sense, then triggers. Realizes that his dad's in deep enough with the Elite that he's even more trapped than before, now that he's got powers, triggers again.
what
yes it is. that's what 1.5 triggers are. first and second triggers back to back.
it's literally a second trigger
“Or it’s already in your reach.  You can’t have a second trigger because you already had one,” he said. “Given the signature, it’s very possible you had two trigger events in quick succession.  Not uncommon.  The horror of manifesting your power, it prompted another trigger.”
cut a little
you cannot
indeed, the context of that quote is Number Man saying "you can't have a second trigger, because you have already had one," which is pretty clear.
Isn't it?
It's not a Trump power, but she has range for blocks and incredible control.
Vigilant, from Singapore; and Abattoir from Lausanne.
you killed it
i believe it's a European trying to say "heyo," but failing.
seems like being a Guy Fieri-esque dude would contradict that, as then there would be a clear and obvious, straightforward, and indeed entirely justified, reason for you to get beat.
true.
The /tg/ thread got me thinking about power design again. I did a rough draft/outline of design principles I generally follow, curious for feedback:  (PC powers only, natch)
i miss anything important. last thing i saw was fulv joining.
@Teller: It's not a power level issue so much as it's just not a very vertically functional system; +4 Athletics makes you basically invulnerable, 3 Wounds-at-once kills anybody who's not a Brute in one shot.

which means it doesn't just kill normies, it also kills Blasters, Strikers, etc.
you can't get 5 ranks in barrage
I honestly think doing multiple wounds reliably at once (definitely more than 2) is really, really bad for the game system, because there is very little wiggle room to get hit (3 hits and you're very possibly out) as it is and it snaps that into nothing.
you have to have 5 dots in Dexterity which requires a trigger that gets you it, i.e. you can't get it
Yeah, so basically never.
these are all very rare occurrences.
With armor, well, suppose you have 6 dots of armor. Now you're up against somebody serious, like, a Blaster or other offensive power. Now, if the Blaster does 3+ Wounds per shot, he'll 1hko anybody who's not you. If he doesn't, it takes a billion shots.
I'd more compress unpowered randos (morale checks to not break or rout, groups of 2+ are aggregated into one character, etc) than pump up powers.
rip
@RadicalD: That's part of it, but it's more like if you had D&D characters, some of whom leveled up their health (Brutes), some of whom leveled up their damage (Blasters), and some of whom never leveled up either (say, Strangers), and tried to make them play nice together.
or you're a wizard who cast Immunity to Not Winning
The Blasters are either peers to the Brutes but instagib the Strangers, or the Brutes are invulnerable to everybody, or the Brutes and Blasters wind up not being that tough or deadly compared to two guys.
Or, I guess, the Blasters just kill everything and the Brutes get pwned.
got lucky neither of you ever instagibbed the other.
yeah, he survived
didn't gib
3 wounds is like 50/50 1hko against a rando
what's his power again?
rocket tag isn't fun and the system devolves into rocket tag as soon as people start have the potential to deal 3+ wounds.
I'd probably actually tick up the maximum to 2x Mod wounds, even in a hypothetical universe where nobody but capes could reliably deal 2x Mod wounds/round. It's still kinda stretching it, honestly, since there's double damage a quarter of the time in a lot of wounds types.
Yeah, I just kind of ignore all those things and pretend like the system is better and doesn't have random instagibs or skills that let you wipe somebody's entire health track in a single strike.
though, tbf, has anybody been on the receiving end of one of these insane wacko damage spikes? I remember headshotting a merc in Laus, and apparently Fulv gibbed a dude a different way, but has any PC gone from fine to dead in a single shot?
that was pre-hp system wasn't it
what damage type did it do then. critical... bash? burns?
re: compression of mundanes, very extremely draft mock-up to confirm to myself that the idea could work: 
what's the criterion for swapping targets for his 2x damage
are you reading it on mobilebasic or is gdocs fucking with me
i can't believe he really picked the name i suggested as a joke.
go ahead
that's not a solution
well, you can just tank NPC's health. hmm. wonder if 4e style Minion (or whatever the shit mooks are) mechanics could be portable at all.
@iri: Pick a point for powered defense/offense in the current system that works for "guy with a power that does heavy damage," "guy with a power that tanks a lot of hits," and "guy with a power that doesn't do either of things," and doesn't result in at least one of those three people a) instagibbing others, b) being practically unkillable to the others, or c) getting beaten up by two guys with baseball bats.
*doesn't do either of those things
$roll 1d100 fukit
sure
because she lives in Texas and all Texans look the same to Vern.
anybody on for a mostly-for-fun power gen

It's not for a specific game, so I don't think that applies. Though, out of the set it's rounding out, overused classes are Brutes, Masters, Movers, and Shakers.
My thought was feathered serpent dragon (quetzalcoatl-esque) for mix of beauty (trophy wife) and violence (mob/yakuza/etc boss). Couldn't figure out where to go from there, though.
probably Breaker based on the description
it's $roll 1d100
alright, here's some advice from an old vet: Nonagon is definitely a great player you should get in your game.
i think mish rolled higher
Mishie
Mishie "memes" [73]  = 73" (same time zone as you)
guess so
I don't think on their own, either of those three concepts necessarily has a) enough to make for a good power, or b) any particular claim. So any of the above if you've got a good expansion, or none if you've got a different one.
PC
hi
yeah
is fine to double back on.
Doesn't have much overlap with any of the other powers, either. Thanks.
@pink: 
traumatic, to be sure.
I was, in fact, thinking of a Blaster flavoring when writing the trigger.
Hmm. So, on activating the power, works like her normal Wounds are just pips of armor? Not quite clear on that bit.
I can futz with it on my own, but maybe you have a reason for it, so I'll say it: it feels a bit weak. Am I missing something, here? Chain/cage/spike feel like secondaries, the defense feels like a secondary, and combined they don't seem like they're more than the sum of their parts. Am I missing something?
Ah. I was assuming they were limited to one attack/turn. If it's two/turn, then makes sense.
One attack/turn barring rolling doubles, that is.
where'd he get all the money for all these hotel trips
anybody on for a mostly-for-fun power gen"
I didn't realize he didn't know.
yes, and?
It's going to leave to live in my pregen doc up in the sky.
A document which atm has 40 powers and when I round off this batch will have 50. Anti uses(/d) it for Terre Haute.
which power'd you roll?
Was thinking of maybe using it as a "here's some example powers so you have some kind of baseline" for newbies.
use $used; otherwise, it's fine.
no, use $used
the triggers on $used are ones that have been used in a game, yeah.
think 'bow claimed it
Ah! Ah! Thinker my hole!
This is the problem with you people: somebody makes an alright joke, then you just beat it into the dirt.
Huh. I don't think I understand the grapple rules.
it looks not that bad but then i realized I have absolutely no idea how the step system works at all.
OK. So, grappler starts with two "steps" of control; grappled starts with...?; then, "loosen hold" actions mean they take away a step, and "assert hold" actions mean they add a step, right?
No, it would be more confusing.
It would be less confusing to say, "starts with two steps of control. When hold is loosened, lose a step; when hold is asserted, increase a step (invert for grappled). Can't go above two steps of control. At zero steps of control, hold is broken (or inverted?)." Unless that's not the intent.
when you swap from grappled to grappler, how many steps of control do you get? Two?
Seems fairly clear, now.
Desperate Escape seems to make it pretty near impossible to keep a grapple on somebody unless you either have a bunch of skill points in it or a power-granted Brawn, but I suppose that's not really *bad*, assuming that's the intent.
woo
True.
.au, didn't click.
I don't think that their culture is deserving of respect or attention.
or contested roll
sure. i got 1h30m before sleep.
$roll 1d20
$roll 1d2 N|Th
I think "was" a Ward, then became a Protectorate hero, when they got older, as did you, studying stuff.
inducing pain for forbidden activity sounds more like Aura-like?
I almost want to say "Salamander Changer, state ramps up as people disobey parahuman's orders," but might be too easy to game.
as the trigger author, it works like this: spess whule magick.
#23
pm cashy
where were we. psyche changes, salamander changer?
So you're kind of using your trail as area control, is the idea?
so he's slow?
that's walking speed (??? who knows)
5 rounds/minute, I think.
it's fine if he's slow moving I just wanted to confirm that's the intent. Strider suggests 60'/round (/action?) is running.
do you have any good goo monsters
perfect changer header found: 
wow, that bad
god. i hate being good at understanding people. this fucking sucks.
I had a couple Cauldron ideas but none of them are really coming together. Unless you want the C53, I'll go for trigger.
$trigger
well i guess i'm just a normie then
there's another for some game I don't think got off the ground but I think there's a large enough concept space for more than one.
both stagger or just my passenger
does "they" mean me, or my passenger?
or both?
re: staggering
$luck
$claim 58 Pueblo
Sasuke spent more time with Naruto than he did with his wife" Wow, a guy spends more time with his best friend than his wife. Crazy to think of. Must be gay.
or maybe his wife is a bitch. did you ever think of that?
huh. what's up with the whitetexted "APPEARANCE" on the sheet? just a quirk from Teller's?
(between the block with age/gender/etc, and the Appearance, Costumed/etc, there's a centered, white texted, APPEARANCE)
did you guys pick what I get for Alumnor
the other one has two options too, actually. I think?
oh yeah divock i don't have edit privileges so I can't add your trigger. rip.
presumably bow
the one that shows up for autocomplete when I type "trigger events" i.e. the latter
cut off extremities. flogging. summary execution.
hmm?
yeah
i wasn't here because it was midnight and I go to sleep at 10-11 most nights.
is your password really password.
I don't think "password" should really qualify /as/ a password, since the implication of the word "password" is "provides some level of security."
Nach's 4'6" i think
hmm? i'm here.
$roll 1d3
antioch, pink, are either of you here?
i thought it was mod shock? fastball's mod. i miss something?
$luck
ugh. this one.
$roll 1d6
it's not a particularly good burn, chill.
scope includes range
Sorry, Pink, I was getting a power generated for a Trump trigger and I couldn't remember pretty much any of the people doing the genning as being particularly great or anything so I was having a panny.
stupid way of saying panic attack because I wasn't really having one.
bow came after I pinged pink.
Powers incorporate mild defensive elements which prevent self-harm from routine use, including to Movers. Sometimes that applies outside the Mover powerset (I remember a Shaker/Blaster/Mover with Bash resistance because their Mover element involved flinging them around).
30'/round? Bow should put the base movement speed in the book somewhere but that's like walking speed.
it's not a trigger from the list
no
it's not running speed
yeah and I could move that far in that direction without flying in a round
from Strider perk "the character's movement range and range for jumps and effective climbs is increased by 17% (typically to 35'/round movement, 70'/round running)"
wha
2.5s??
since when
i get that
I thought it was ~12s and have used that for every power i've written.
the issue with speed of narrative is it's not also distance of narrative
well it is important because I've written powers which use phrases like "Takes two rounds (~half a minute) to regenerate up to maximum, but cannot fly or be hurt during that time, or the counter resets." to describe powers and apparently I should've written (~6 seconds).
yeah i got it down
You could do a double feature power, Striker major Thinker minor. Strikers get that a bit since Striker powers are often not very good on their own.
$help mover
there's also $commands, etc, etc.
people were talking Thinker, mostly. for the secondary/as possible alternate direction. field power sounds Striker-y from Fulv's summary. buff/debuff fields, support-oriented.
!search tanuki
"Thanks for picking up some groceries on your way home..." *Firlz's character hesitates for a really long time* "Ryan? Richard? Uh... Robert?"
it should be *-m or something.
rip to those who died
you didn't watch a four second video before posting it.
that Tinker it looks like it would be an insane amount of bookkeeping.
why is virus tinker getting purged" it's not getting purged, just never getting written.
messed up.
>dungeon world
what's hard is watching a bunch of newbies try to gen a trump/stranger.
hang on
Striker/Stranger, snap stealth field effect, hides objects/people, BUT it has an intense negative side-effect to people affected that the parahuman's immune to. Then a Trump booster.
#32, Pink
For side effect, am thinking cloying, tightening? Discomfort, reduction of mobility (-Ath, Dex). Maybe effect can be stacked? Repeated touches disable.
yes
though that's not how the game resolves that sort of action so actually no.
I'm not sure I like tubes'. Feels like it's a bit too... direct? Not versatile. I'm not 100% sure that's correct because I can see it as a Striker where the schtick is closing is hard but then it's not really strong enough to make up for it. Hmm.
Power is activated with a touch, imbues object or individual with effect. Can be used on self. Effectively wreathes object in stealth effect, +3 to Stealth rolls while active, but for people, they suffer a -1 to Athletics and Dexterity, as the effect constrains movement (doesn't apply to parahuman). Repeated uses stack the penalty, but not the boon.
Can withdraw field from a person with a touch (removes all fields currently working); if from another parahuman, gain a lesser version of their power temporarily (hours?), similar reduction in their strength for the same/longer period.
would give you a bonus to concealment if it came up
Re: stealing powers. Gives an interesting choice/consequence, and I think 3 applies alright given the strong emotional relationship with the monster.
shouldn't really be an issue, honestly, unless you like... buy a bunch of landmines or something.
which you won't because who sells them
Can stealthed people see each other normally?" No.
Wits, I'd say.
which campaign?
don't worry they were just for bad rats.
even worse
for me to poop on
I had incredibly, bafflingly low expectations, so there's no problem with the game.
I remember 'bow saying "what was I thinking" about that perk back during power gen for... Wichita, I think.
by who
npcs don't know he's got Profundum.
he'd get shot even without Profundum.
quagger
hi
messed up
nothing, really. rip.
pwned
it sounds like pond or pweened, depending.
also, I was thinking about this:  dunno if it's viable.
I don't read your game. owned.
(I legitimately read very few Cleveland logs, sorry.)
"this power is too crappy for my setting" "also you have to charge it or it sucks"
i was avoiding setting down a specific criterion so it's more play-oriented and less my subjective preferences
assuming you're talking about what I think you are.
there are no good gens, only bad gens that haven't finished yet.
except bullets are strong for no cost
blasters should be stronger than guns
no, only 3
it's a lifetime dude
remember vul has his funky crazy houserules
you cracked the code
it's the one with ghosts and unicorns, remember
can I play a unicorn in SAU
no, like, a unicorn that triggers.
rip.
neoshitties. aww yeah thanks for having a name so close to geocities I can do it
generally anything that's really long probably has stuff to cut.
rip to those who died.
I'll ship you to the bottom of the Marianas Trench.
Player list: Mishie, Anti, Coldgold, Random, Random" Harsh.
I've been thinking about doing a more focused power gen guide, or maybe extra chapters on the existing one. Focused more on individual classifications, especially common pitfalls, since every time I wake up and read through the logs to read a Thinker/Trump(/Stranger) gen I'm filled with dread. Anyone have any thoughts?
nah
Have you seen my power gen doc? Basically that, with more focus. My focus with writing them is playability, bow's doing ones already that focus on the how/theme/etc stuff.
Yes, and?
Mm. It's more a different direction, I feel like.
The class documents incidentally touch on playability, because the example powers are generally thought of in terms of playability (I assume), but the guides themselves spend a lot more time on trigger/power consonance.
I mean, the most obvious example is the Trump doc: it covers the connection between trigger and resultant power, but it doesn't cover all the "this is not going to be fun," "this is not going to be balanced," "this is lame," "this is overdone and lame," type stuff.
if that makes sense
not a criticism or anything, just an explanation. they're nice, in general.
I'd agree with Teller, but mostly because apparently human beings have at some point been robbed of their ability to relate to anything without putting it in terms of pop culture references.
I want to know if one of the milestone options is vastly better than the others, as happens in some level-up RPG systems" Skills, because skills are good. Sometimes stats, depending on what you roll. Perk/flaws, I'd hold off on, even rolling them is inadvisable sometimes because you're less likely to get them by rolling from the start rather than waiting for the % to go up from subsequent milestones.
it's probably the worst
oh, man. I just realized it says "next available/appropriate moment," implying it's a one off. jesus.
invest 3 milestones into a one-off 4% chance. hmm. no.
yeah.
1-2-4
wow. 32% chance. once. for three milestones.
it probably won't even be better than two power perks
re: milestones: particularly power perk, you shouldn't gamble on when it first comes up. you're less likely to get it if you gamble twice than if you skip once and gamble.
the latter
well first we have to assume the game lasts long enough for one milestone
no dude
you are objectively wrong
it's 16%
no dude
you can still buy lesser milestones pretty sure.
no, to 32%
If you gamble twice in a row, your odds of getting at least one power perk are 29.44%. If you wait then gamble, your odds of getting a power perk are 32%.
well you would be wrong
especially because picking up +4 skill dots will sharply increase your combat competence, yeah.
skills are probably too good, tbh.
durrr
@Ellardy: yeah, sure.
no, Ace, it is like saying "this mechanical option gives a ton of raw power, to the point that I would probably demure from powers that give some of the stuff skills do."
e.g. Barrage letting you make four attacks a round.
semiauto I'm pretty sure
That's wrong though.
no!!
"This mechanic is okay because I, the GM, will prevent you from accessing it" is not good game design.
there is
durrr
no it doesn't
It's not "munchkining" to use one of the two character building options to pick things that are useful instead of things that are not.
Yeah, I am putting thought into how I build my character.
That's why I'm buying skills that are useful, rather than ones that are useless.
This isn't like, some weird stupid combo. This is what the rules actually, explicitly, say the skills do.
that's what the skill does
yes
Active camo.
There should be a list of penalties for sneak checks and guns so Gunfighting does something and you can make Stranger powers that aren't retarded.
NO!!!
If we were generating a power and somebody here said, "how about he can make four attacks per turn with no penalty or issues," I'd probably say that was a bad idea, but that's what Barrage does.
Then what are you talking about, because what I'm talking about is that skills are too powerful, on their own, in isolation of powers.
ammo issues don't matter dude
I'm making four shots a round. How many bullets do you think a normal pistol has?
it's semiautomatic
almost all modern pistols are semiauto
semiauto = the next bullet enters the chamber without you doing anything; auto = if you hold down the trigger it will continue to fire.
yes there is
he wrote Barrage!!
How many capes in canon get domed.
by just some normie with a gun
i wouldn't say that
My issue is that, to me, the core advantage of the combat engine is that it basically forces combats to last multiple rounds (which you want, so it's not rocket tag and you can make decisions mid-fight, figure out weaknesses, etc), to have push and pull so you know where you stand, it doesn't generally create foregone conclusions, etc.
But many skills short-circuit this, either by allowing you to have some stupid defense (Mish's talked about 10d6+4 for Dodge I think), or by letting you dish out so much damage you can alpha strike.
yeah
a six, you mean
ah
$roll 10h6+4
man, that'll be hard
but, Mish, that's unclear. is it 2x Mod wounds? or just 1x Mod wounds, which would "[make] it equivalent to a normal weapon attack in damage dealt"
My suggestion: Very low-level Mover power for each option. Float = slow (walk or less) flight, Wash = +10' whenever make full move, Disturbance = +5' towards people, Alteration = ignore terrain difficulties.
alteration might be a little strong, since you can create hazardous terrain. maybe just dampen/halve or something.
no
I mean, you could make it so the mover elements scale with the power, but that doubles the complexity for something that's substantially flavor.
I mean "flavor" in the sense of... well, it doesn't really add a lot in the way of choices.
like, the difference between an attack dealing Burns versus Shocks
"typically very minor"
whoa hey nice commenting on your own power.
same thing
Okay.
the GM isn't here afaik
might be a good idea to wait for your damn GM to be on

those are stray
I'm a doofus.
"This mechanic is okay because I, the GM, will prevent you from accessing it" is not good game design.
mmm hahaha
powers
he's editing it right now
people with a major X and a minor Y
the text is white in column D
ah, you're working on a different page, nvm.
what power did he have?
is he headshot boy
oh, scrags is here
wait
oh nvm
man, next to none of the used triggers have anything of note on powers.
scrags can you look at Mish's power and give him Wing.
ThalAI: your pueblo character was the Changer with the superheated trail, right?
what power did anti get, again?
may have claimed it. if you don't claim it properly, it assigns the power's ownership to you.
trigger's, rather
rip 314...
my logs on this machine only go back to 336
what did you do this time Anti?
does claire's Breaker state make her invisible or just intangible. i forget.
_seen Words^3
rip
f
.
rip
magic
i was running through and doing some, yes
wasn't it?
i remembered shooting himself in the head, but I guess that must've been removed at some point.
let's kill all the people who have better things to do than idle here constantly
I know.
death is too good for them.
pwned
there's a missing word in LP31. "When taking actions between sessions, they +25% actions."
messed up
the joke's on you. I went to lift after making that post so you didn't troll me at all.
tight.
we are clearly discussing WD.
you can go to #BlushyPlayground to fuck with it.
it's not even a fatal reference
FATAL doesn't have a copyright on sex in RPGs. for example, see Antioch and Saff's cybering in Cleveland a while back.
on an unrelated note, does anyone else not really like "somebody you care about died" triggers
l
press "l" to pay respects
For me, it's like... triggering is something that happened to you, but they tend to be about something happening to someone else? Not always; like, uhh, Firlz' guy in Oakland had a "somebody you care about died" trigger, but the main element was getting his head beat in. I feel like with how trigger types are laid out, and their thematics, etc there's something inherently self-centered about them.
in general
yeah
but a lot of them tend to be just "well this dude you liked died. pretty fucked up." without that kind of specificity.
The loss of a loved one is probably the single most common traumatic thing humans experience, but it's also often written like... like it was the physical trauma in a Brute trigger, I guess. "You got stabbed in the chest" doesn't necessarily need anything more, but "your wife died" does. imo.
I think that's kind of exactly what I'm talking about, Faust. Rather than developing emotionally outward, you're developing in terms of facts and backstory. You can make a guess at what emotions the dead wife dude is feeling, but that's like making a guess at what kind of physical trauma is being inflicted on a Brute trigger. Shouldn't be written in that way.
I mean, you /can/ extrapolate emotions, but I've seen people have dumb arguments about the stupidest crap in triggers and assumptions or beliefs about how the individual is feeling are definitely a common point of contention.
Today's Mixed Up Power Genners
in today's fucked up world all Blaster triggers are Strangers and all Brute triggers are Strikers.
you're right. sometimes the Brutes are Shakers instead.
I definitely see people go for Stranger for "someone is planning to physically harm you, soon, and you know this, and this causes you to trigger" and plenty of cases where "you're being hurt by a person or environmental effect" manifests as a Striker or Shaker for some reason.
(striker or shaker without Brute)
no, only the ones that mention powers, even if the powers are a million miles away and had no effect on the triggeree whatsoever.
i'm thinking stuff where you're being, like, crushed by a truck or burned alive or something. very clear physical trauma, which is environmental.
brb
drugs
Drugs tend to produce conditional powers, so would probably be some kind of drug-related trigger, likely in a public space.
who's thalia's stranger?
browbeat doesn't get more powerful the more attention they receive.
I'd assume she didn't tell anyone.
eyebeams feel like they limit a lot of utility for the character just on a qualitative level.
assuming we're talking superman style
there are a couple power perks that do that.
plus, there's the milestone system, now.
Also, powers that are mechanically viable at both low and high levels are rare.
(Arguably Tinkers breadth thing is constant enhancement, but it's not really raw power so much as versatility and occasional small power boosts if a new piece/version of equipment is superior overall.)
as the story progresses, her power becomes better in several ways, including finesse, awareness, control, versatility, etc. Early on, she has to actively reach out to sense through her bugs to find her way in Grue's darkness; later on, she admits she cannot turn off her power and is constantly assaulted with the senses of her bugs.
looking at the doc, it's the opposite. creative uses feed conflict
"Proactive pursuit of goals, finding new uses of powers (particularly those which may seem simple on the surface), and engaging with other groups and parties counts toward ‘conflict’.  Conversely, being passive, foregoing use of power, and taking a backseat role in one’s own goals or story count toward ‘yield’.  Running away might count toward yield, but only if the shard (GM/Group) thinks the fight could have bee
n won and the character was overly conservative."
though it's all wip and I doubt 'bow's looked at it in months.
you're allowed to do anything
But I would, generally speaking, avoid thinking of powers in terms of Manton limitations. They're more something you add on later to make sure a power doesn't do stupid crap.
It's not.
I'm talking about stuff like, you have a Blaster power that constricts/binds objects, then you just put it on the person's windpipe so they asphyxiate.
stop it! post your thought first!
no. rip.
doesn't the simurgh fuck with sattelite and space launches?" fanon. there's multiple mentions of satellites in Worm and no mention of the Simurgh busting them all up. she fucked up Sphere but he was trying to make off-planet habitation, which is different from a satellite.
same as always?
generally, yeah.
you pay money to me and then I slip you a good power under the table.
or you disappear from the channel in a week, or...
Bwahahaha. I tricked a woman into marrying me.
tubes disappeared in a puff of logic. rip. (at line 267)
gah. why does bow constantly lock crap after he posts it so I can't read it after catching up on the logs.
�/me retests.�"
feels too abstract for a Worm power tbh.
Yes.
Grey Boy's loops are nonsense but they have clear, obvious, concrete effects.
The issue isn't necessary secondary powers.
The most abstract power would probably be... Dauntless, maybe? Who is kind of this idea, except better in every way, and less abstract.
the link between the effect and the item is abstract and outside his direct control.
fucked up.
it's exactly as abstract because it involves exactly the same level of clearly definable rules that don't run on airy-fairy narrative logic, i.e. 0.
I don't think anybody in Worm has a "make something an ideal version of itself" power.
Selecting the subset of objects which fit into a human-defined category is different from pretending like Platonism is true.
No it isn't.
Yes, and?
The category "bugs" is, generally speaking, not ambiguous. To the extent to which it is ambiguous (are leeches and earthworms bugs?) you can clarify and rigidly define it. "Idealized version of itself" is completely abstract; it can't be rigidly defined, basically by definition.
they're arthropods
All definitions are arbitrary, but you can produce a concrete definition that expresses what Skitter's power works on. That's entirely differently from producing a definition of what the hell the "idealized" form of object is. Powers that do similar things (e.g. Othala's regen) are pretty clearly working to a predictable blueprint, not just arbitrarily deciding what the purpose of whatever random object you feed to it is. Telos doesn't 
exist and Platonism is wrong in Worm.
I accept your apology.
striker
isn't that the point of 5e
and D&D in general, really
most games don't actively encourage paint-by-numbers settings (and, by extension, characters) like D&D does.
One of the (many) advantages of interesting, distinctive settings is that even if you want to play a super cliched character, it takes a little effort to fit them into the setting, which makes them much less of a bland trope.
lol
that's like saying there are multiple settings that use Weaver Dice
there's Worm, there's Valhalla, there's SAU...
There are different settings, but they tend to be extremely similar in a lot of huge, sweeping ways, and D&D actively encourages you to pick the blandest. the 5e DMG literally says "you need a plane for fiends, a plane for celestials, a plane for elementals," etc. literal paint-by-numbers cosmology.
lol
which edition am I supposed to be saying this for
Every edition has tons of fundamental setting assumptions written into the core book (elves, dwarves, arcane versus divine casters versus martials/mundanes, magic items, etc). You can houserule them away, but it's not at all setting agnostic.
Exalted has a single setting.
Many of (3e) D&D's systems actively work against the themes of the setting too. for example, fighters are supposed to be cool badass heroes, but instead they are bad lame dudes outstripped by their magic-using superiors.
I think class-based systems without inherent RP hooks built into the classes (e.g. Monsterhearts) encourage cookie-cutter characters.
the issue is some powers render it impossible to seriously challenge the player without pulling some crap out your bum.
even if he doesn't, you're talking about really long, boring fights that are predetermined.
that's-
@Faust: no, it would be 3-4 rounds.
yeah, but he's not the one losing.
@Jack: that's what i'm talking about. you have to pull a specific counter in order to respond to him. okay, once, haha. but every fight?
I don't think I did?
I think I said something about the movement speed because the base move speed isn't in the core book and apparently rounds are now 3s instead of 12.
I don't like the 3s turn thing because it means stopping to talk to someone/parlay/etc basically resets all your cooldowns and shit if they're ever combat-relevant.
yeah, but some powers do.
it's not really directed at you, more at bow.
blaster
is the threat in arms reach
If not, it's Blaster.
there's not really anything breaker about this. there's some physical elements and maybe a few mental elements but they aren't really wrapped together.
Ah.
Might be a little Changer, too, by that logic.
she was 6
old enough to talk
honestly I dunno, not super feeling the Thinker. I feel like the physical element way outstrips any mental elements.
I want to say, Blaster effect, starts off forceful and slow, then winds up into an exceptionally dangerous further stage.
mirroring the sudden physical violence of breaking in, and the further escalation to shooting people.
honestly what is physically happening in this scene is just confusing.
the trigger
yeah, this "gangies come streaming in with info that they violently hand to cape" just seems weird. so they hop in. they show the cape the birth certificate (shove it in his hands?), then they beat him upside the head??
well if they beat him upside the head, then showed him the birth certificate, that'd make sense.
no attack roll's not nearly as bad as 21 wounds :^)
it isn't
Generates a "force wall" of controlled air, strong defensive capabilities (stops incoming projectiles, buffets and harms people who try to pass through), can be shot off at will to barrage opponents in AoE ahead of it (causing the wall to dissipate). Only two walls at a time.
shooting a bunch of projectiles isn't shaker primary.
Two force walls, compared to a ton of bullets??
their goal is to have people to fight endbringers" Fucking Grey Boy bought his damn powers.
Siberian, Shatterbird, and Echidna were also Cauldron capes, but they didn't buy their powers. Though it's not like we ever do "stole their powers" or "were poisoned with their powers" Cauldron, even though that's like half the canon Cauldron capes.
Cauldron gen, I guess I should say.
it's in the deleted chapter iirc. that or WoG
she was related to some major (royal?) family in the Middle East and got poisoned with a high-mutation dose of powers but she got her actual powerset instead.
Cauldron
presumably having your kid turned into a horrible mutant would bring shame on your family or some crap.
I don't think "unmolested and undistracted" would include "just got stabbed with a pocketknife"
yeah but the point of "Aim" isn't that you keep your wits about you, it's that you're good at shooting people when you've got time and space to really carefully line up your shots.
how many characters in Worm die of being shot with bullets.
Hmm.
well I can see they didn't, historically.
after the dude domes a guy in the street?
what are they going to say. he committed suicide by shooting himself in the head repeatedly?
wait did cg have 2 Guts
oh, the headshot dealt 2x damage, right.
I don't think the rolls were particularly unlikely, at a glance.
wait hang on
at the end, he shoots 3x in one round?
i'm pretty sure you're only supposed to be able to shoot a pistol (Dex/2) per round without, like, barrage.
well a round is apparently three seconds
i think it's in the old book?
to be unfair, it is unreasonable in that it turns combat into rocket tag and makes pistols better than basically any combat-related power.
"Semiautomatic: Can make a number of attacks equal to ½ Dex score.  If Dex is odd (ie. 3), then carries over between subsequent rounds - 1 shot in first round, 2 in second, 1 in third."
from old rulebook
well find me the rules on semiautos in the new rulebook
yeah, 'cause they don't exist
That's it. My next character is just going to buy a gun and shoot all his enemies with Barrage until 'bow makes pistols less good.
yes
now i finally have a concept for my Pueblo character.
fuck my shard. it should've given me a better power, like the ability to shoot people with bullets.
most capes since pistols are so good.
I don't think it was implied in Worm at all.
Yes, the fact that pistols are too good.
so what
I'm going to get in fights anyway.
fortunately, I have EZ mode on, which is to say, Barrage 4 and a pistol.
it's making all encounters easier because I'm attacking 4x per turn and each shot has a chance of just instagibbing the guy.
crit's a waste of points
to the degree of a pistol?
sounds like being a cape is a raw deal and you should just be a powerless thug, then.
lol, but, true.
is this mish's?
2 dots of the Acrobatics skill
I'll just pretend not to have powers. Blammo.
messed up that criminals don't respect people's second amendment rights.
that looks much less insanely OP and fun-killing on contact
but 5% round up basically equates to +1
so does Lumen now have +1 enemy for the next five encounters, since I shot a dude in the head after he shot at me with a machine gun.
well the hypothetical case where it wasn't retroactive seems weird.
-25% means the confirm i think
"[Head] [Part] Hit Head: 50% chance of a ‘headshot’ that reduces Guts by 3, is otherwise an ordinary moderate wound."
you're Jack Slash
the rules seem decent, though it does seem a little odd that if we applied them it would take, at the current rate, something like twenty months for Lumen to access her Barrage pip again.
on the one hand it makes sense to force more buy-in to access gun skills because pistol + skill = enjoy one-shotting most normies (and most capes are secretly normies). on the other hand, it's a weird trap thing.
mmm. pink has a point, I think. I did a few quick tests with ATM and it didn't get any obscene instagibs, but that's because I was taking into account all the penalties for a pistol; what if you're talking about a semiauto Blaster power, instead?
I was undercounting.
yeah
true.
would wonder what teller's pace is like, sessions/time
your mother
wow. i'm saying your mom gets to play in Lausanne and you're acting offended.
i should edit the npc bestiary so all the skills are just simple crap you don't have to keep track of.
it would also make it easier as 'bow goes through the sheets and changes everything.
i assumed he improv'd them, mostly.
man I don't know if I should edit the NPC bestiary. the last edit was April 20, I don't want to ruin that.
is there an alphabetize command in gdocs
yes
without me C&Ping into some random alphebitizer website and then having to reformat everything when I C&P it back
i went through the npc bestiary and replaced the skills with just +1d stuff. 
changer, shades of striker.
just for flavoring
was thinking poison claw or something, in Changer state.
very vague would be my issue.
no, it's the other wildbow.
so would deal burns (less setting people on fire) while in Changer state?
ok. so... in terms of practical effects, what do they do once they enter Changer state?
AU is vulstag
let's just kill all the not confirmed good power genners
no, he's thinking of Vul
there'll be like five of us left
something humane, I'm not cruel. guillotine, maybe?
rip to those who died
it went down the way it did because quest players are extremely stupid, unless they're iri's.
yeah, the best for hero work is Ruin
yeah
today's mixed up SBers
they're cowards
Jesus Christ, I just read the old shotgun rules, lmao.
insanely hyperlethal
let's see if Nach can take a shotgun point blank from somebody with Dex 4 and survive
$roll 2d6+1!
$roll 2h6+1x2
being a Brute who's wearing armor
and has Dodge 3
brute/trump
where's the rules on armor
highest 1 of
i remember there being special rules for wounds v. armor
like lesser only dealt a half-pip some of the time or something
$moderate pierce
lmao
fortunately she *is* wearing armor on her head.
so that's just a mod wound. whew. she lived.
the moral of the story is to buy tons of defensive crap and wear armor
yeah and it'll tank your dodge to nothing
also I don't think those rules are finalized.
now if that was against Lumen she'd be dead as a doornail.
nope
the upside of being shot with bullets is they rarely inflict penalties, the downside is they kill you extremely quickly if you use the old rules.
rip
where are the armor rules actually
"Ineffective vs. armor.  Bypass one layer of armor on a 6+ attack roll, does not break armor." seems to imply something different.
or maybe that's just a special exception case
i replaced the pistol stats on the npc bestiary and made up (less hyperaccurate) machine gun/assault rifle stats to go along with them. anyone want to take a look?

they're all together down at the bottom, w/ shotgun & baton
what it's for
rip
not really, no.
 kinda
rip to the guy who goes up against the PRT op with a power
yeah
I think the statlines for pistols generally remove rocket tag but they still leave crit risk hanging in the air, which I don't really like either but is a lot less degenerative.
less so now
The issue is more that I care about being shot, but the NPCs don't. Because if I get shot, tear up my character sheet and maybe get to roll up a new one. If the NPC gets shot, you just replace him. So if there's, say, a 2% chance that on any given round of combat where guns are around that a character just kinda keels over because the guy hit two Through and Throughs or a headshot or whatever; this hurts PCs worse than NPCs in the long 
run (especially because PCs aren't allowed to use guns).
Is it?
ignore the bit about PCs not being allowed to use guns, then, the point stands.
well tbf it's hours of other people's time, while they gen you can get blitzed.
unless you roll a Stranger/Trump and none of the good genners are in the room, in which case you need to start pinging everybody quick before you get something awful.
who cares what happens to the NPC, is the thing.
they're good at absorbing more than just pierce afaik
chainmail is like saying ATM machine
German police using mail is appropriate as they are Europeans.
if you use the stats from the old rulebook, "stupidly."
if your power has a substantial defensive element, the lethality level goes down from "RIP" to "rip"
the issue is that you'd get stuff like this (hypothetical fight between unarmed Nach and a guy with a shotgun and Dex 4): 
*unarmored
that would still kill her if she was in her armor, just be 5 wounds instead of 6
$roll 1d6 (DC 4)
yeah, kill her.
no, you have to beat up your GM if he tries to use the old gun rules
(said of PCs who died capriciously as they were shot with a machine gun, dealing eleven hundred Wounds in a single round) So long, o fallen heroes.
Thal's from Berlin, the recent Stranger/Trump gen I think was pretty good too but I could be biased..
mish's is just stranger innit
today's mixed up gangsters
6 Mile Chedda Grove, 6 Mile Bloods, Knock Out Boys, Latin Counts, Surrenos, Rollin 60s Crips and 7 Mile BLoods.
i wonder if the 6 Mile Bloods and the 7 Mile Bloods are friends or not.
he's playing with my heart
Hiero, the issue is that there are only three levels of wound and an average of 3 hp." there's really more like two levels of wound since crit basically gibs people.
you would still have been right
Video of critical wounds interacting with fun: 
oh no not my horoscope
checkmate, atheists.
nasa should just constantly make up new Zodiac signs to fuck with everybody's horoscopes and get PR.
I'm from 4chan. It's not like worthless shitposting is considered top tier posting over there either.
yeah and those are shitty threads.
"elf slave wat do" is a joke about bad threads, not good threads.
who cares what the /tg/ mod staff does.
yeah, in the sense of, "the mods are fucking us again," not in the sense of "thank you o benevolent and righteous overlords"
it means their opinions do not determine or inform the opinions of the /tg/ community at large, i.e. the social compact there.
which, again, frowns on shitposting too.
wow what happened to not wanting to throw people under the bus. messed up imo.
not me
trumps are hard to do well. for me, what helps make for a good trump is defocusing on how it fucks with powers (warp, twist, mimic, etc), and into the specific rules and quirks of that specific variation.
a lot of trumps just sort of stop at the "drain trump" stage which is like making a blaster and stopping at "shoots lightning" (before things like aoe/ricochet/imbuing arrows/etc).
yeah, stopping a Stranger at "stealth Stranger" is a similar mistake that makes for shitty boring turd powers.
that's completely missing the issue though.
you can do a power gifter whose power gifting harms the people imbued; whose power gifting relies on weird minions that parasitize humans; whose power gifting relies on a specific palette that changes over time in response to other parahumans; whose power gifting forces people into weird Breaker states that fuck up their ability to perform basic tasks; etc.
it's that a lot of gens stop at "power gifter"
it wouldn't, necessarily.
now your client is cutting it up really early
yeah at 1 am
bad
@div
awful. @words
*want to live
it sounds like the kind of power you'd find in an SB story where Taylor gets a different power set and then walks through the stations of canon.
yes
he's also an npc
i don't think so
i really hope i don't roll a trump trigger while you guys are the only ones here to gen.
Lenore from Berlin.
life is an endless parade of agony
@Zane: Holds breath, enters parallel earth, can fuck with shard connection to mess with powers (raise/lower control/scope/range/etc), limited control, always risk of mutation/bad stuff. Snaps back to 15' from point she left when she uses power.
there is various weird stuff in the parallel earth too, not just empty.
no because it doesn't do anything to non-capes
 has some notes on that, you may/may not have seen it.
"Gear & equipment = stuff you pack when you're out as a cape." even bow admits there's no difference between gear and equipment.
buracku horu" Holy crap. You ignorant motherfucker. It's spell burakku.
which campaign is this
do you see the last bit of the dsc
"$claim 72 The Road [ColdGold] Short-range AoE pushback, can single out and slow/increase durability of a single person"?
is that accurate? wasn't here
$claim 72 The Road [ColdGold] Short-range AoE pushback, can single out and slow/increase durability of a single person
don't think so
it's not at all like slither's trigger
being forced into an unwanted social role
wouldn't say master
particularly
abusive partner (nerve pinch physical abuse) came to her house. it didn't specify she was handicapped, so "abusive partner" (not even spouse, I don't think) is literally the only commonality.
*came to her parents house after she left.
I'm of the theory that we should try to balance categories by not reflexively making everything a Master because the character, in addition to being violently beaten and drowned, also doesn't have any pals to help them.
tentacles are a fairly common thematic well
spider Changer. set of long, thin, powerful legs protrude from back, can create silky threads to bind people, for tripwires, strangulation, etc.
that's completely different from hookwolf
skitter stole the thematic space for any cape to directly control animals.
The parahuman can will a set of eight long, thin limbs to emerge from their backside. These limbs are powerful (Brawn +2), and their footpads have a sticky, viscous substance at the end. This allows them to climb even on completely flat surfaces, and they can press the end of two limbs together, then pull them apart, creating a long, sticky thread that can be attached to surfaces.
This material is extremely strong; a single string can easily lift the weight of an adult male.
which one?
yeah i saw it
was asking nick, not turncoat
wasn't that her limbs doing teleporting crap?
i don't remember
lemme go find it
it really hurts?
it'd regrow eventually, probably not in combat time though. not really a balance issue so could go either way.
shoulderblade to small of back
Hard to see how to mix in poison bite, given it's not a straight duality changer.
base movement is 60'?
sorry, computer froze
still need write-up?
 ?
wires-as-tools
sure, sounds about right.
turncoat? that writeup good with you?
yes
love it love it or hate it love it?
yes, that's how it works.
you could if you want.
i don't think that's what Counter is for
horrible health issues from being kept as a doll
I think Words' works best.
Hmm. Actually, the Mover one might be too specific.
No, wait, I see it, I think.
Mover effect thing.
let me put Counter in the power desc

work?
just the counter bit is new
*even if the Mover's power would
just slow it, I'd say.
$claim 46 The Road [Nick] Set of eight limbs emerge from back, can climb, stick to surfaces, & make threads to entrap people.
$changer .6
$mover .3
$shaker .1
it's not nice
@nick
he is a paraplegic
or she
ah, well, yeah, could be some related disability...
well he's still just as disabled
yeah, you die of rolling a 20.
*half a mile from town
no, he means the regular ones.
that are built on the context of being in a post-apocalypse
yes, it's done
could be breaker, yeah.
i would generally not recommend mixing Tinker/Breaker/Thinker, ime it tends to produce very unplayable powers.
or just stupid boring ones
just what i've seen when it's genned
I don't think so. They're not in an altered state of consciousness, this is their new normal.
Ehh.
@Zane: because it's very situational. requires a power that has at least two directions to really work (offense/defense).
wouldn't say it works with Words' thing, it's all offense.
I'm not sure how I feel about Words', because it's very, mm, passive? Which could work alright, if you move the emphasis to the strategic scale. But I have a much harder time isolating a good power level on that scale.
no?
@words: its active application is "hit people" though.
What perk/flaw fucks you over the most in WD" Dying.
Khandas is just a Breaker (Master). no need to get overcomplicated, piling on more categories obscures rather than elucidates.
enough. sweden and switzerland should become one country so that nobody has to confuse them any longer.
yeah.
I was in the middle of something and then something else came up & now I want to finish the thing I was in the middle of.
wouldn't say so
what's the power right now?
I feel like I made a cocaine withdrawal breaker a while back for tubs' game.
yeah i know
claw the skin off your own face is a vivid image. desperation, restlessness, mood swings. i'm imagining something with wonky movement, but lots of raw power.
no
It was a speedster who got some semiphase powers when he moved fast, but had shit turning. Some electric crap too, I think.
I have a thought, let me word it.
i'm writing it out and making sure it works in the process
By entering Breaker state, is immobilized, visibly obvious Breaker effect engulfs parahuman, floats slightly off ground. On own turn, can move 2/turn by slamming forward 30', phasing through objects and people and dealing Lesser Shock to anyone in path (Ath to hit), and leaving a trail of electrical motes, forcing people to make an Ath check (DC 4) to pass through the trail without suffering a Lesser Shock.
Motes fade after a few hours. Being struck while in Breaker stat forces this effect, pushing them along the line of the attack. Otherwise, they suffer damage normally, and can't dodge. Can enter and exit form at will.
only electricity is similar really.
could replace it with... burns? cuts?
other Breaker was more like Velocity.
@Words: yes, as long as they're not presently dephased, which has some cooldown, represented here as the fact that other people get to take their turns.
@Stan: Big trick would be that you can slam into people and phase through them, into the other side of a wall, where they can't hurt you. Can also use Breaker state to get pushed through walls and away from harm on other people's actions.
Probably immune to multiattacks while in Breaker state, actually. Like, if they get shot, they dephase, so second bullet won't hurt them..
Well, they can't do things on other turns anyway, since they used all their actions. And yes to lattermost.
using it is a move action/half-action or whatever, I should clarify.
no, they cannot do normal human things, so they might sometimes need to revert from it.
?
nothing good
I'm trying to think of what would build on it without breaking it.
Mm.
5 rounds is a long time, and you can just hang out behind a wall.
Oh, source is a thought.
Let me borrow an idea from, uhh, Scrags' power from a million years ago.
I think I have it, let me just write it up.
probably they'dtake a shock. maybe a dex check to avoid.
Each move, voluntary or involuntary, consumes a single charge, out of a maximum of 10; once charges are exhausted, can recharge by using power outlets, which recovers 3 charges per full action spent. Without charges, Breaker state is completely immobile.
yeah
10 might be too much. 6? 8?
each move inside Breaker state
being normal doesn't burn charges
?
I was thinking the other way around, that 3 is too little. They're spending two thirds of their time out of breaker state, now." would be more like half? but also those actions are probably from a position of safety if they aren't retarded.
that's not 4/5ths??
it's not reflexes, though, it's endurance
it's in gameplay rules somewhere
yeah
2xAth max, (Wits)/round?
It can be activated whenever they feel like, so I think it's fine.
yeah
it doesn't heal them
until they try shooting through the wall, or if they have a person with a relevant power, or they don't stand right next to the wall, or, etc.
there's counterplay for it that doesn't obviate it.
I mean, would you prefer to cut out the phasing through walls bit, you bounce off instead?
I don't think that really helps.
They can use their charges to cut off areas because it leaves an effect in the wake, so you can isolate people.
I was assuming they could? Need to have a socket or something though.
they don't shrink or anything
They transform into it if hit, don't they?" no
No? They do the ping through walls thing.
They'd have to activate it in anticipation if they were doing something. like, a Wits roll or something.
If you're in Breaker state people can play ping pong with your body by hurting you.
that just makes it more boring.
that's definitely awful.
@Words
Burn three charges for heavy move, same distance, but undodgable in line & broader AoE, Moderate Shocks?
Is it?
Wouldn't leave Moderate Shock motes, too much of a pita to keep track of.
With three charges, could only do it like twice before having to recharge.
who?
FUCK pf54
just fucking reroll the power flaw. good god almighty.
it's $power flaw
I'd say senses muted overall, difficulty noticing new info/people/people sneaking up on you while in Breaker state. But not a straight penalty to accuracy, it's not a power that really needs accuracy.
words is fine too
pick the good players
or imbue an effect in objects which works for both crossbow bolts and baseball bats.
sure
not really
yes, div.
maybe. his power would be crap without the True Use though, bad enough that i would begin killing everyone here with brutal punches and kicks.
if you take away his control of people then his power would be as bad as some of the powers genned here.
@Words: take an arbitrary power and True Use it, such that its apparent use IS weak or uninspired, but it has a way better secret use, but it doesn't suck to play.
& once you do that, please solve world hunger.
and?
(it's not /that/ bad, anyway)
boom
Metal Arm?
it's a metal gear reference.
pretty sure he's been infinitely idling here for quite some time
true.
yeah, because she only rolled one.
mm. be easy for it to not fit, tho
mushy changer
oh, cool.
Lung would be fine as an NPC. As a PC, he's extremely tepid and reactive.
he's a very straightforward Brute/Blaster. not much to do other than burn/claw stuff.
the thing is, Lung's power is 100% NPC territory. The ramp up thing is basically entirely counterplay.
You can do things to mess with him, but he can't really do things to counter that, or to improve it, or anything.
He can.
But he'll start at a low ebb and have to wait for his power to ramp up, and he has minimal real control over it.
So the GM just goes "threshold passed, +1 Brawn, threshold passed, +20' range to pyrokinesis, threshold passed, etc, etc."
Yes.
He plays street level, he gets beaten on the street level, he's street level. The fact that he can after sixteen hours he can fight Leviathan doesn't change that.
Mega's Lausanne character could probably go face to face with Leviathan.
I doubt he's strongest.
strongest is probably... Dollhouse?
thought she desolidified
she's the one with massive territory control, right?
Ah. That's probably what I was thinking of.
are we talking weak like Browbeat or weak like "floats at walking speed off the ground"
he barely comes up in the story
Paperdoll had a strong power in the sense of, "not hot shit."
Browbeat's got a shapeable (?) personal force field and biomodding.
yeah
it's wog, don't remember where.
pretty sure it's in canon too though
"By and large, though, the TK is a personal forcefield with some crude control, augmenting his strength multiplicatively with his physical strength."
I'd argue that any power you are liable to get here can be used effectively with planning" I would argue against this, vigorously.
Maybe any power you get while anti/pink/me/tell/bow is on.
maybe.
I'm not saying there are none that have been made that are good, just that that's where the bad ones generally are.
especially if you use the old gun rules. :^)
housecats would be lesser cuts and stubbed toes would be lesser bashes, so they'd just be knocked unconscious.
dumping guts is good advice" good advice for a suicidal clown, maybe.
housecats would be lesser cuts and stubbed toes would be lesser bashes, so they'd just be knocked unconscious.
housecats would be lesser cuts and stubbed toes would be lesser bashes, so they'd just be knocked unconsciou
housecats would be lesser cuts and stubbed toes would be lesser bashes, so they'd just be knocked unconsciou
housecats would be lesser cuts and stubbed toes would be lesser bashes, so they'd just be knocked unconscious.
random number generators represent the enormous unpredictable element to human interaction.
He was right.
then why have a social stat/skill if it doesn't matter.
who is arguing that you should be able to walk up to Jack Slash, roll a 10, and then convince him.
who
imo, there are valid and invalid social actions, and a valid social action should still be valid even if the player's not charismatic or good at coming across in text.
yes there is
well, like i said, imo it's a matter of valid actions. if you're trying to convince somebody to let you into a club and you offer them a bribe, your mangled typing hands shouldn't prevent that. but if you're just saying, let me in, I'm the President of the United States, you don't get to roll.
he was right
then what are you doing trying to get into the club
without the secret service
well apparently the entire government was just assassinated.
so you should be in DC
He was looking for a dumb name for his Changer, I suggested Horn Lord, and he picked it.
lawl
they're not
messed up that he doesn't remember every one of the two hundred thousand named capes in the book.
You just haven't made them up yet!
life is an eternal and unending series of chaos and agonies.
Dunno what would give him that impression, since we took care of Akira quite conclusively.
Hmm? Oz isn't the leader of the Protectorate.
Be that as it may, Akira is handled, permanently.
they won't
why would they kill me, when apparently they're all heroes.
oh wait i misread that
she won't.
she's a good girl, deep down inside.
lmfao, perfect trigger discovered:  and  (same dude)
wth dashy.
it's new
"My crush [17 F] thinks I [17 M] am creepy, please help!" followed up shortly by "In Florida what would be the penalty for attempted kidnapping and impersonating a police officer?"
it sounds like a great trigger event
fake, real, who cares.
what would "I tried to kidnap the girl I'm stalking but she got away" be. stranger?
they're called emoji.
it's terrible actually
the best perks are the Shroud one and Eye and stuff
$luck true use
the worst one is +efficiency
not really
You can hide your main power without True Use. Lumen does in Lausanne, for example.
and that's what i meant
creative powers have their creative elements set before the power is genned. power perks/flaws tend not to create something more unique/creative, almost by definition.
I've seen a couple.
I'd say it's hard to do a good Alexandria package, but really, no harder than doing a good Brute in general.
people have made a lot of not so great brutes
lots of "strength, durability, regen, pick two" stuff.
or just +2 Brawn +2 Guts call it a day.
it's an NPC power
*Semen controlling Blaster
Blaster, with a focus on non-damaging effect, since the threat isn't really injury per se, and some kind of multishot/autofire deal, for the many opponents.
Am I DC'd?
Effect Blaster is more focused on effect than raw damage.
Glue's a little obvious. Did bioslurry for Caul. Bugs/worms is getting into Skitter territory. Fungus? Blood, with a more coagulation focus? Tar?
it's fine for it to be mover
could be flying artillery, Blaster/Mover.
Wouldn't say Master on general principle that it's not particularly Master and if you make everything with a flavor of Master Master, then every trigger will be Master.
so what
Yes.
the dreaded Breaker/Thinker declaration.
something people declare triggers to be
Fires a barrage of sticky little tar balls, deals limited damage (lesser bash, say) but sticks, has nauseating stench and restricts movement. Hmm. It's a little light, though.
"A fired projectile might involve nauseating stench" from Stranger doc.
fits with trigger, too.
distraction/disorientation is Stranger too.
I kind of want to add a utility use for the tar. Changer suit, or Mover slide/wall crawl, or something.
any thoughts, nick?
Sure. Let me just work it out.
 look good? might be too complicated.
more in line with the trigger
you don't use Wits much in combat.
npcs don't have to worry about that.
it's for sensory stuff, you could clarify that in a final writeup if you feel the need.
it says "pick one," not who gets to pick. :^)
I'd guess player picks here. Who knows, though.
Tarbaby.
Tar Lord. King Tar. The Tartar. Tarbabe. Tar Mac.
Prince Gunk
Stick
muk
Alluvium.
Mire.
saw you 'mirin. (your foes in tar)
Mad he stole your pun before you could make it?
Deception, iirc.
She's going to be called Doomfist, not fucking doomfist, chill out my man.
what's this about Clarissa.
weird.
i guess you could describe the pitiful pushover as nice.
that's the number you need to do it properly.
finally, my internet is back
I spent a whole *counts* 19 hours without internet. it was terrible.
no, as I don't know what the trigger is.
Turns into a moose and speaks moose. Bam.
what have people said so far
Shaker.
Off the top of my head: artillery Shaker/Blaster, call down a storm of [material, probably liquid metal-esque] on an area, hits people, to deal damage, and it's heavy, clinging (echoing of heavy armor), reducing mobility of those struck. A bit hard to set up, but devastating on hit.
Meh.
If he wanted to live, why was he wearing heavy armor on a boat?
He manages to pull off the armor and swims to shore.
Why are you wearing heavy iron armor on a boat.
You were ambushed.
that just makes it even stranger, since heavy iron armor is expensive!
You can unscrew the plate armor. Also it's extremely flexible and not that heavy.
what's the track. a Shaker power won't help this dude survive it because we've arbitrarily said he can't possibly solve his problems with one, even though it's a Shaker trigger.
cripes.
Sprays force field film, which solidifies a set distance (20'? 30'?) from the parahuman, creates domes, blocks movement. People/objects hit get a layer of clinging film which reduces mobility. Can use to create a ramp up out of the ocean.
yes.
like a spray of particulates that solidify into a wall at a set distance.
or when they hit something
there's a blaster element to the trigger
yes
It's easiest to make domes, because you just stand still and spray it all around.
Since it has a set distance.
Eh. I think Vern likes the less clear write-ups.
For Pandemonium, could say some bits stop early, reducing mobility in the area of effect where they spray it.
You spray a field at somebody, hard to advance on them because little bits are sticking in the air and blocking your route.
Oh, I assumed it was semitransparent.
It being opaque is fine though.
Especially with Pandemonium.
Does make hitting people more effective since you can hit them in the face, though.
I mean, skill points have more value than costume qualities..." Maybe in opposite town.
the nazi gms won't let you get any of the good skills so yes.
armor
yeah, me and your mom.
Xd6+Y, where X is the number of bonus dice granted by skills, Y is the modifier granted by stats; bonus dice are "highest 1 of". Against either a static DC or opposed rolls.
well. 1+bonus dice
'Bow should do that, yes.
You roll extra dice and pick the highest.
let's imply all the rules to the game
You have one dice to start with. Bonus dice increase that number.
generally, yes.
the rules are in desperate need of an editor. reads like Exalted 3e in way too many places, and not in a good way.
"Weaver Dice uses a simple d6 versus static DC or opposed d6 system. Static DCs are those where a roll (d6+bonus) must exceed or equal the given DC in order to succeed. Opposed d6 is where two characters roll against one another to determine who succeeds or fails, with the higher score winning (and generally offense winning in the case of a tie). Skills often grant bonus dice to this roll (represented as +1🎲; some of the skills are not y
et updated, and generally their +1s are interpreted as +1🎲 in play), so you would roll additional dice for any applicable action, and then select the highest dice."
my summary
? you don't need a person to have a Striker trigger
well i mean you do. you have to be there.
 is the intro doc I wrote.
Yes.
Unless you trigger in the jungle from being, like, strangled by a giant snake.
hi
sure
what kind of sack tries to keep the farmers alive
then why are they sacking the village.
Master, I guess.
doesn't matter for an AU
Calls forth a handful of humanoid, shambling minions (black bile, earth, stone, crystal?) from the earth, which claw themselves up. Obey simplistic commands, can be ordered to 'grow' in place, rooting them to the ground and quickly expanding outward, capturing/crushing individuals who don't get out the way.
*out of the way
dead bodies would be insane in a battlefield though.
well
I don't like zombies for this.
*farmer
Farmer digging his family out of the rubble of his ransacked castle.
does what
just have the gm pick one
nobody agreed on anything, gen died, ellardy put up a strawpoll.
Uncoordinated power is a pain.
Each time they do the root effect, current minions 'bulk up' a bit. Doesn't improve stats appreciably, but they lose agility, mobility, intelligence.
masochism would be fun.
he's not here so it doesn't matter
the rulebook...
"Hello."
true that
Well, that includes people I don't want to hear from.
Changer, begins by encasing self in keratinous shell, crustacean/insect-like. Limits movement, mobility. Becomes progressively more bulky, but gains sensory advantages and durability, eyes and other sensory organs appearing on the shell. Think Shoggoth with an exoskeleton.
Changers don't arise from physical trauma.
awful
changer/thinker. lack of mobility tied to lack of effort/spending too much time fucking off in room/etc. expanding Thinker power tied to lack of intellectual capacity. bug element for hard work (or lack thereof). was my thinking.
i just explained it.
not immobility. reducing mobility.
what pokemon is that
it's a golduck/geodude hybrid.
That kills powergen like whoa.
It's pretty hard to keep a discussion going if there are only like two people around, which is what will happen if the power gen changes channels.
Let me make sure it works.
it needs more than +Wits, I think.
wouldn't lock down too far, though I get where you're coming from.
enhanced reach/strength, maybe.
Changers are not from physical trauma!!
Maybe.
Changers tend to have a lot of physical elements even when they're purely psychological.
done
been done
You start off mushy, mollusc-y body, enhanced mobility, some light durability, weird alien sensory enhancements from hypersensitive skin; each round, shell begins to coalesce, improving durability but costing elsewhere. Process happens automatically unless the parahuman is still (no move/dodge actions) for the round, in which case it inverts.
I wouldn't fuck with intelligence, seems likely to be a pita in play.
Yes. Or they'd change out for a different sense.

lol indeed.
sure thing verb
stoke your beard? are you immolating yourself?
could include it, sure. just started writing before it really came up.
Scared?

That's called winning.
++accuracy doesn't break the game.
add Words's bit
Hmm. Well. Yeah. When you're still, starts sloughing off materials.
use em for... whatever you want to use them for.
added shell.
Hmm. Yeah. It might be a /little/ too durable, but it's fine, I think.
damn.
Subruo AND House of Cards.
Yeah. Issues with discarded shell bits, not combat useful, but bad. Up to the GM exactly what.
faketalk
no
$trigger 20
what's the name of the city. Gensville?
WHAT is the city
I needed to make sure it hadn't moved around.
$claim 20 Gensville [Kurama] Light, mobile mushy Changer state, which gradually becomes slower and more durable as it moves, accreting a shell.
changer .7/thinker .2/brute .1?
I'm doing cleanup.
$changer .7
$thinker .2
$brute .1
it's done
We have to make sure nobody misses it.
Thinker. Shaker shades of manifestation.
jesus.
On their own, yes.
ehn.
I could definitely see "alternate mode" type Thinker, for this. like... Capricorn, I think it was, from... Baltimore? or Anchorage.
I don't think Tinker fits.
eh.
Actually, could this be Breaker?
He just hides on top of a building shooting rocks at you.
Can your robot bodyguards fly?
*discussing a WD game
Kind of, but I didn't like it that much.
I actually think this might be more Breaker than Thinker.
Breaker, something environmental, crushing/smushing thematics to alternate state.
Breaker. Turns into a steamroller and speaks steamroller.
on who?
yes
Hmm.
I said Breaker, Words said Breaker liquid.
Panic attacks can create Breaker triggers, see, e.g., the Stranger/Breaker example trigger from the Strangers doc.
I hate Thinker/Breaker
It does, actually.
You're right. Thinker/Tinker/Breaker.
I'm joking.
I can't think of something that would make me scream louder than Breaker/Tinker/Thinker.
Trump's easy. Breaker/Tinker/Thinker, maybe /Stranger would make it worse.
Breaker state is a "mote" of light, quite vulnerable to damage. As a full round action, can suck in materials from surrounding area, crunching them into a tight, protective sphere. Moves slowly like this, but can sense, and can crush people. Can, alternately, fling self hard, dealing severe, smashing damage, but shattering the sphere and exposing self.
sort of. would only have one layer of shell, I'd say.
(and maybe shell flakes off, over a few rounds, to prevent them from doing the boring thing)
it's a completely different kind of shell
So how about: Can rewind an area back in time, with manton and volume limit?" Seems, ironically, very weak and hard to use to any effect.
all that requires is that you have a steamroller, and if you have one of those, just use it.
Pain to GM, weak, and has a bad effect on self. " So what you're saying is, it's a classic #Weaverdice power? :^)
Thinker, enters enhanced state, emotions deadened in this state. Hands automatically grab and piece together small objects, creating traps; traps get better round by round, at a certain point (three rounds) *have* to be put down. Can be set to trigger on timer or person moving into small area, deal AoE damage, typically Cuts or Pierces, sometimes Shock or Burn.
was the idea I had earlier
I don't think trapping fits that well, was my main problem.
just $roll 1d2 or something.
i was talking to spelt
Breaker trigger, mixes severe physical stimulus with psychological one in a way that can't be disentangled. Shaker, to evoke the crushing feeling. Steamroller, turns into something slow and heavy, crushing but slow moving, environmental derivation applies more interesting elements in play and ties in well enough with the environmental nature of the original crushing.
Could remove the environmental derivation. Mote generates (magic BS) shell, just out of nowhere.
 <- "katamari" write-up.
it's really hard to relate backstory to power tbh
edited a bit: 
who knows
when the parahuman reverts to normal they age 20 years. blammo. time element added.
it's a joke.
rip
yes. that's rock bottom.
it's what Rock Bottom says
Tieshaunn.
2x Hallucinogens
I think the shell one?
well he didn't say
Yeah, but he didn't say he was doing it, and he seemed real resistant in general.
that's one sixth of all characters
yes by a long-shot.
god I hope not.
I think that more than half are not physical, though I guess that depends on your definition of the line between "physical" and "not physical."
Also we need to increment and claim for Tie.
do NOT claim 37
as it is now 36
life is an unending series of agonies
$claim 36 Gensville [Tieshaunn] Breaker, mote generates tough shell and slams into people.
I almost feel like it's just breaker 1
Yes.
$breaker 1
Nah, just regular ol' aggressive, Nick.
Feels like there's two elements at play, the physical degradation and the mental failure.
mental/social failure.
The issue is more that certain people, generally new ones, focus extremely on classes and create powers that aren't particularly different from what you'd get if you rolled 2d12 and just genned a power from that.
I don't think mentioning classes is the issue, so much as generating very flat powers.
alright, so mid-level Brute and mid-level Thinker. on that note I must go, I have to liberate Solo Nobre.
rip
Drug-related, too, so conditional element.
So? When you're high you get conditional powers.
There's two primaries, the physical element of your body fucking up, and the mental element of your failure to compete.
the physical element of your broken body is functionally independent of the mental pressure, even if it is causally related.
I am looking at the trigger.
"Your stomach starts cramping like a giant has wrapped his hand around your guts and is twisting" <- physical
or it's a consequence of your body breaking down, which would be Brute.
and also your stomach is cramping horribly!
no. it's physical. because of the drugs.
hi
what's the power
so. what does the player do. just sit there and wait for his power to tick up?
three people will kill you in a round, no questions asked.
*three armed people
#45, pink
Combats don't last that long.
Thinker power that enhances mental acuity (+Wits, +MA/Awa/Medicine, player picks one on activation) substantially, at increasing negative effect the longer it's held onto. Secondary Brute power, grants regen (recover 1 Wound on takedown) and enhanced muscle (+1 Brawn each round that passes without taking damage). Or not. Whatever.
hi bo
it's na.
Secret Sessions are acceptable if you have Ruin or otherwise are insanely PvP focused and information secrecy is something you need.
9/11 didn't happen in Worm, pretty sure.
how you get soc 5
seems cheap
how do they know who his boyfriend is.
what's weird
did you see my question
how do they know who his boyfriend is.
which is...?
Hmm.
I wouldn't kill the boyfriend. That kind of thing produces disengagement on players' parts.
Maybe kidnap him.
that stuff's super lame and encourages players to make lone wolves with no friends or family.
why'd he let her go if he was just gonna go murder her bf.
have them break into the house, but the boyfriend's out of town all of the sudden for a family emergency, and it makes Firlz *think* her boyfriend got kidnapped and probably murdered.
zane's is good too.
Alright, here's something to help get rid of the hype: imagine you get a new player, and the chat unanimously decides that the power will be Breaker/Thinker/Tinker/Stranger, yes all the categories, and no one will listen to you.
no, it's pretty simple, alright
they're a Breaker (Stranger)/Tinker (Thinker)
sub-class
so their Breaker state gives Stranger, their Tinkertech gives Thinker.
Turn into a shadow.
lol
alright. turns into... a shadow.
Turns into a shadow and speaks shadow.
I think Iri's Singapore power has a precog element?
make it manifest as +1s and shit.
huh. guess it's just danger sense or something.
probably a bit more than that
since some of them are Trump/X
Trump
but I wouldn't make quite that power. reifies the classifications a mite too much for my taste.
Well, if manifestation ties into trigger circumstance, you'll get it no matter what the PRT classes are.
e.g., if PRT had like six different kinds of Brutes, you'd be able to say, "oh yeah, Muscler, that tends to come from focused physical trauma, especially as part of a struggle," etc.
Who?
Browbeat has an interesting power. Wonder what makes triggers produce two separate powers out of the same classification.
He triggered on a boat, iirc, so I doubt it was a multitrigger.
Ah, that would make sense.
If you count his shapeshifting Brute as Changer instead.
"touch range TK"
(force field)
Glory Girl is probably a multitrigger.
bud
Multitrigger = multiple people trigger and share elements of their power.
1.5 trigger = trigger twice in a row.
So somewhere nearby a dude (Gallant) is triggering with some emotion manipulator Master.
and she gets that as a secondary
?
she's like third gen doe.
third, pretty sure.
Glory Girl
buds don't care
Nope.
wog
enough stress to bud immediately
"Do Brandish and Lady Photon have closely related or bud shards?" "WB: Yes. Bud shards. One had it, then the stress they were under prompted it to bud, it found the nearby host who met the prerequisites." & "Is Glory Girl's shard a bud shard from Brandish, or is she a first generation cape that happened to trigger in the Dallon household?" "WB: Yes."
so GG is either third gen or first gen.
That's relevant to WD
I surely don't care about it outside the context of WD.
what was the power
Like I remember.
Nick's
your NPC who coldgold killed that was a multitrigger
what was the power
Damn. I can't post on it.
It is. But it's out of fashion, I think.
He would be dead. Classic American superhero comics would be dead.
Multitrigger.
I actually think your trigger was genuinely intended to be Thinker/Brute, Zane, but who knows what will happen.
Swarm.
Colony, Cloud.
according to google
who cares. nobody will listen to him.
oh, you meant the name
yeah you can't name steal names. soz.
murderbat
believe me, I'm mad that I couldn't name Mistral Aurora. and naming my Norman character was a pain in the ass because every imaginable word for Angel is either taken or completely incomprehensible to the modern American.
Not much of an "unless" there.
Unless the sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
just let me name them
I do great names.
All my names are 10/10.
Mistral. Komainu. Deva. Horn Lord. Panoply. Stray (Stray is fuckin' genius). Zulfiqar (admittedly stolen from Firlz). Great names. I make some great names, just fantastic names, the best names you've ever seen.
Yata-no-Kagami, that was good too.
Damn, that would be a good name source, actually. Bible books
Yah.
who cares
skeletons can't do anything without muscles
if you literally just had a religious experience that would completely redefine your life and make you dedicate your life to Christ, but then some dude came over to beat you up within like, twenty seconds of that, what do you think your reaction would be like. this IS WD related.
If Gen saddles me with that power he was trying to for his game" your character will be named Corpse, 'cause that's what he'll be.
i really want to play a Case 53 with the Attractive perk now.
Yeah, I know it's not difficult, I wanna be a sexy monstergirl.
rip
just watch videos or use the stump to click page down
It's fair enough, yeah. The selective pressures on some idiot rabble rouser's very different from a PRT insider or a corporate bitchboy.
I could probably have gotten away with 5 Soc, but Sonderman isn't the type. Schuyler, maybe.
what is the line for 5 Social, would you say. who's a good rl example of the lower level.
I'd imagine rock star as being more towards the high end. Though I suppose.
A really slick lawyer sounds about right.
having good Social doesn't make you have good interpersonal relationships. now watch this drive.
good social is about being charismatic, not about being a good judge of character, or a good friend.
There are plenty of straight powers, the genners just need to be beaten with pots and pans for making them.
Anyway, backstory totally can change the power. For example, if Stray had had her backstory written before the power, it would've had a huge effect on her power gen because it completely defines the context of the trigger. Well, would've had such an effect, if her power gen wasn't done by like one newbie (who actually did a pretty decent job, all things considered).
Most games that are fun have fairly short combats.
On their own, just two characters wailing on one another, a fight lasts like, four, five rounds. If a fight has other elements (multiple phases, brief respites in the fighting, operating behind cover to force enemies to close, etc), that can extend it, while generally speaking mechanics that make it faster are fun-killers, so there aren't so many.
There are combats that have gone faster, though. Div getting gibbed by a shotgun in Miami, for example. That was like, two rounds.
He survived getting shot, then tried to grapple, then died, didn't he?
the old gun rules are completely insane to the point that it doesn't really mean anything what shards like or don't
who cares if the parahuman's power is being annoying, you can deal like sixteen wounds a round with a few skill points and a gun.
More like four.
Div got hit with a semiauto shotgun (2 shots/round) at point blank (each shot deals 2x damage), so 4 damage on hit.
Pistol, probably meant to be 4 shots/round with Barrage?
There's only the old rules for guns.
Well, and a more modernized pistol writeup.
The real issue is that players get shot at by random thugs who instagib them.
It's "realistic". It's just not fun.
@Scrags: I did a test shotgun firing at my armor-wearing Brute. She died.
+1 Ath +1 Guts +1 armor, a bunch of ranks in Dodge.
She's got other stuff going on.
Doesn't matter to getting shot with a shotgun.
Not really.
this was me rolling the killshot of Nach: 
that's evolution
human beings exist due to evolution. everything about us is evolved.
We did not stop, and even if we did, that would just lock us into us circa [TIME WHEN HUMAN BEINGS STOPPED EVOLVING]
Yes.
My mom had two kids and had her tubes tied because both her pregnancies were very dangerous.
Nah.
The dysgenic effect of modern life is way overstated, modern IQs rise over time.
I don't think that's true.
He just wants to get rid of all the bad players so he can play with the good players instead.
then why'd you kill CG? checkmate
because they deal eleven hundred damage in one turn
how many times have you been shot at by a person with Dex 4 and a gun
were those bullets
blam.
I checked, the guy was only shooting once per round, I'm pretty sure.
therefore you didn't get to experience the Real Ultimate Power of semiauto.
as well you should
sure
Mega's in Lausanne.
Ravel in Sicol Bend can reduce bullets down to the much less deadly Lesser Wounds.
and yet, he got himself shot in the chest.
fucked up.
today's messed up gamers.
thanks to me
MAINLY because his wife took care of him.
@Zane: Yes.
1/round or dex/2/round
that's worse than a gun then
well I guess maybe combo'd with all your other crap.
Lumen's got a gun, and she has only used it in socially acceptable ways.
so far
"edited" the footage.
this is iri, unless he was lying: 
rip
I don't think it's that much of a headache, it's just... less interesting.
and they mostly suck
Is Zane here?
reckless is better.
It's hard to GM a PC whose player is extremely conservative and doesn't do anything interesting.
it's #45
it's not
it's Zane's character
we're not doing that now
Turns into a test and speaks test.
their body is failing them.
he didn't C&P it properly
$trigger 45
missed the last sentence
"you start shitting blood"
Anyway, this was my idea when we left off because Gen had to go: Thinker/Brute. Mild enhancement to awareness, can push for big bonuses, but severe headaches/issues. Brute, enhancing offensive power when not hurt, recovers a Wound on takedown.
it would lead to one of the most interesting parts of combat in WD (figuring out opponent's abilities) actively crippling you.
How about, for irony, the character gets the power to die. Because you would expect them to get the power to not die.
Turns into a corpse and speaks corpse.
Anyway, I do feel like this is a both mental and physical trigger, but with the mental and physical elements disconnected, so not straight Breaker, but a paired power.
Mental element being the pressure (Changer, Thinker, Tinker, depending), physical element being the body falling apart (Brute).
there's no example regen brutes
what if he hasn't taken damage
who's on
If it's a Tinker, what kind of Tinker?
Hmm. Could see it as Ranger, with a Changer (bodysuit-type) expression. Suit has two modes, swap between them. Then a secondary Brute for flavor.
Zany.
Binary: "A gang leader is dying, but cannot afford to look weak or give others the opportunity of seeing him go to get treatment, so he lets his health falter." sounds similar
Elemental/Data
very horoscope-y.
Crystal is a specific Data variant.
Information storage via crystals
Tinker implants small 'seeds' into dead bodies (humans much better). Without human bodies, only a couple relatively lame tricks, with them, much stronger devices produced.
I don't think zombies really fits, not much of a Master trigger.
Grows (life form) by implanting it in dead bodies, then uses as symbiont.
necromancy's a binary variant.
Every time I try to come up with a Necromancer (Crystal/Graft) power, it feels like a "too many cooks" power.
why is Necromancer a binary.
I'm sure he hasn't even read it.
forget necromancer for a second. Binary x Mad Scientist. Two specs, bonuses for overlap/mix, but costly to dig deep. Requires corpses as fuel, self-mutilation for cybernetics, mental issues, something.
I'm thinking.
yeah
#45
Tinker. Creates living, symbiotic prostheses, which require self-mutilation to install. Prosthetic life has two modes, one which is durable/strong/Brute-ish (regen-esque), the other which is information-focused, shanks people for brain drain. Best results from hotswapping.
yes, there's a gen going on
going back and forth in a fight
Zane, for Gensville
probably gets lasting buffs/debuffs from information shanking, then only-while-on buffs from the bio mode.
anti, you here?
what you think
that works
well, here's my thought:
there's no particular reason Binary x Mad Scientist should be "uses corpses for fuel" over "self-mutilation"
well, it wants everybody to be fetching corpses.
but not everybody's power introduces conflict that way.
Could go with exosuit via corpses, though.
I think that works fine too.
You implant baby life form in a corpse, it grows into an exo suit. Leave a corpse in a bin with water, put exosuit in there, gets better/lasts longer/recovers from harm/lets you make mods/etc.
*wearable
Hm?
well, we should make sure we have it all out
yes
Tinker. Creates living, symbiotic suits. Suits begin life as simplistic life form, require a corpse to grow to full size (humans better). Modifications require Tinker's attention and a new body. Suit can swap between a "bio" mode, fleshy, durable, and strong, and a "crystal" mode, which is capable of stealing skills from targets struck.
Hotswapping is best, as the crystal mode lets them buff themselves/debuffs enemies, and the bio mode has consistent, reliable bonuses that automatically kick in.
my god, can no one relate to anything without making pop culture references.
wait for everybody to clear your power
sure. not a combat relevant one, though.
you're the boss
you good with that? make anti do the writeup.
tinker table, i mean
he likes making tinker tables iirc. possibly due to severe brain damage.
I wouldn't do decay, pita to get corpses anyway.
the main advantage of tinkers is strategic versatility
the main disadvantage is strategic build-up.
wow. all you need is a bunch of corpses man.
what's evil about that.
rob a funeral home
would've been secondary.
oh, that.
these are some other anti tinkers i think: 
oh yeah
basically people sized
$claim 45 Gensville [ZaneShadow] Tinker makes bodysuits from corpses, swaps between bio-Brute and skill-stealer modes.
tinker .8, brute .1, thinker .1?
$tinker .8
$brute .1
$thinker .1
this is what i wrote up for the thinker/brute idea: 
"Tinker makes bodysuits from corpses, swaps between bio-Brute and skill-stealer modes."
terrible. *clicks link*
+2 is really big
I would worry for a newer GM like yourself, that something might wind up mechanically really strong without you realizing it (e.g. regen a wound every turn, say).
and then everything's boring because the player just stomps all over enemies
^
I've made like five or six and I still haven't finished one from months ago, even though I have an outline, because it's a pain.
Ghost in the Shell
Willow Wisp
No, it was a collective hallucination.
I don't think you should roll, really.
rip
Creates weird crap where all Tinkers have Craft/Dex/Know.
whose trigger is that
blaster
not feeling shaker
because you're about to get beat up by a dude
who's not in arm's reach
I shall ignore what you say.
ESPECIALLY as you suggested Tinker/Stranger.
that's what blaster is
physical threat at a distance
Maybe they should be a moose, who speaks moose.
But probably not.
Damage x Accuracy
"Bullet flies out to a point, stops, then darts out to go straight for the vitals."
mentioned under both Damage and Accuracy
in Blasters doc
"Damage blasters arise from scenarios where the sense of physical danger is especially poignant - many from cases where the trigger sees multiple individuals dying around the cape." how is this not damage
the physical danger is especially poignant because the triggeree sees multiple individuals "having been beaten up"
who's cyrix's gm for this?
what environmental threat is present
Feint made everyone hate him. There's exactly one person responsible for the toxic home environment in this trigger.
having a lazy brother and a dumb bitch mom isn't a trigger
anyway
ty
Mark a target (LoS) as a half-action, and can generate a [slashing projectile] as a half-action. Projectile can be pushed around at walking speed, cutting up anybody who it moves through/moves into it. By 'releasing' the projectile, it immediately zooms towards the marked target, slashing its way to them and then dealing both a (bash? pierce?) and slash on collision. Can't have multiple projectiles at once.
it's Pink's game though so damage types probably aren't that relevant.
Blasters rarely do.
?
was asking what power
Anyway, you've got trade offs, mostly that the projectile can be "held" near-ish to help defensively (block off doorways, repeatedly hit somebody in melee) or fired off to do damage. Also changing who's the marked target, as circumstances change.
My gut would be they're visible, since that works better to dissuade people.
Pinkhair, you here? What you think.
they rolled earlier
horrible
jesus
eh
Changer/Stranger.
does it
what about actively stealing someone's face, like, you can mimic people and the process of acquiring them messes with them somehow.
it's not acid based though
slashing based, like how your mom was cut up
Powers are matched to the triggers. Skitter wasn't an entomologist, Grue wasn't like, scared of the dark when he was a kid.
turns into a moose and speaks moose. nailed it.
Cyrix is trigger 42?
Mark a target (LoS) as a half-action, and can generate a [slashing projectile] as a half-action. Projectile can be pushed around at walking speed, cutting up anybody who it moves through/moves into it. By 'releasing' the projectile, it immediately zooms towards the marked target, slashing its way to them and then dealing both a (bash? pierce?) and slash on collision. Can't have multiple projectiles at once.
yeah
Is it?
She's burst fire, right?
the graveyard
Fun for a clown to make, in opposite universe.
you need to share it
It could be worse, 'bow, you could gen a power then the person snidely shittalks you.
Turns into a moose-
where's the trigger vern
Claw striker, uhh, only affects organics (so ignores armor), gouges out big chunks of flesh (2xMod Cuts) and, uhh, some crappy Mover side bit.
there
Hmm. It is Striker, but then, it's also melee world as bows are really crappy for killing people.
Make big leaps for the Mover bit, I guess. Iunno.
More a secondary because a lot of WD Strikers have relatively low key powers for mechanical reasons (i.e. rocket tag), compared to folks like Flechette, Panacea, and Clockblocker in canon.
@Zane
I think it's as physical as it gets.
when's the pho for the hundred years' war
Here's write-up: claw Striker, ignore armor, 2x Moderate Cuts on hits.
blam.
somebody claim for cyrix
those are luck though and don't count
alright, for turncoat's power, turns into a moose and speaks moose.
Changer who turns into a liquid and shoves herself down people's throats, taking control of their bodies. I guess.
it messes up ranged weapons though.
It messes up ranged weapons.
how is tar pellet guy Breaker. did I forget something about the power.
Ah.
take it to #WDOT
that's where we post the mey mey pictures.
what the
Nah mang.
Nah.
oh yeah this one
Uhhh. Master. Thinker.
it's really mental and not physical. well. yeah. guilt stuff.
sure, trump
Actually, maybe pure Trump would work best.
No, tubs.
Othala.
Was thinking power thief. Suppresses power in person powers stolen from, then their powers bloom back harder than ever and can't be suppressed again for a while?
power's stronger, more dangerous, conflict libido amps up or (for dead shards) mutations take hold.
something inspired by the power.
I don't have any particular thoughts, really.
Maybe do your bit, with power-generated cutting weapons for inflicting injuries? Or some kind of parasitic animal that attaches and sucks out the power and gives it to you and then the bloom thing happens later?
I dunno. Don't want to just say "beat parahumans up with zero powers"
I can see it.
kinda weak
well
hard to use
something like 37th Strategem, but more focused/individual? Or maybe a Thinker power that works in tandem with another person, so you complement their movements welland get bonuses for working with them? Ehn.
when they have +60d to Dodge they'll basically never be hit though and their concentration will never be interrupted.
they have +60d to not get hit by pocket sand
bitch you've been gone for like two hours" would you believe me if I said I had real things to deal with.
you'd be right to
fine
@quag
rolling once they hit the cap sounds good.
if they play safe and sit at 1-2 dice they kinda suck
fear me. I have +1d.
It can, but it's not so much you're invulnerable.
Maybe /you/ can't.
or somebody with an AoE
thinker .8/blaster .2?
make the triggers at least touch on something else in addition to Stranger. pure Stranger is a pita to gen for.
Wisp's
which I then re-used for whoever in CG's, I think.
or re-used concepts from it
@bow: I think it's like Trump or Thinker where a lot of gens just kind of stop halfway through.
Not sure how much a full in-depth handbook would fix it.
also there's like four or five extremely overdone suggestions for Strangers.
like. redirect blame. make people guilty. three more I can't remember right now.
would but that it were
oh yeah, teleport when unseen. booyah.
hell let me just crack open the power gen guide, I think half the over-suggested powers are Strangers.
Redirect blame/attention, make people guilty, teleport when unseen/into blindspots, pure imp-alikes, convince people of lies you tell.
By your powers combined, I am... Stranger powergens!
wisp is very nearly a pure stranger iirc. i mean she makes daggers I guess. but she's got Stranger hiding and Stranger/Shaker memory wiping.
rip
Is it? wasn't it active camo?
what. like bonus damage against black people?
I'm sorry. That joke was not very good.
Hush is me shamelessly stealing a chunk of Wisp's idea and mixing it with Striker/Trump, if it's who I'm thinking of.
well actually I think the schtick there was shitty striker for when you get found.
did that thinker/blaster thing get claimed for. coc in dallas.
No.
Must've been before my time.
I think I heard of it.
somebody summarize coc's power for me so I can $claim 52 Dallas [CupofCoffee]
they're dead
oh, they swap powers
$claim 52 Dallas [CupofCoffee] Thinker builds up bonus, can fire bonus to debuff enemies.
seduce her and use it while she's sleeping
uh. or that.
then you wouldn't have your power tho. well. you could swap back.
it would probably become about the character getting killed. rip.
wait a second... what if we say your character hitchhiked across Canada instead?
Then this would be... the perfect trigger for...
does seem really feast or famine
wait a second... what if we say your character hitchhiked across Canada instead?
Then this would be... the perfect trigger for...
too far
also, "a" "suggestions?" I suggest you buy "a" "English textbook" and learn some basic grammar.
Rule of Cool: powers are coolest when all the genners die and their bodies begin to cool before they can finish making the power.
Changer/Thinker/Trump-4, has a few humanoid alternate modes which they can swap between, each with unique skill suite, hard to swap between, basically Scrags' Earth-He power but with physical Changer stuff mixed in too.
rip
oh right he has the insane immortal power
fun is banned
what's the trigger
Oh, this one.
Misperception of self by others, & bud.
But Master fits really well, actually.
Weak Trump at best, the parahuman is far removed at this point.
So was Skitter's. She's not a Trump.
it's not breaker. no physical element.
"Blend or ambiguous re: mental or physical lines." <- no physical element here. Purely mental.
She was probably having a panic attack or something. Who knows. We don't actually have her trigger.
It was not.
More Four than Three.
Somebody suggested possession (Changer?) Master last time this came up, which I thought was a good direction.
rip power gen
well, if you're in it, it would. or if they confront you. or whatever.
"Thinker triggers involve a component of mental or emotional stress.  The stress arises and culminates in a relatively short period of time compared to tinker triggers, in a moment or in the course of hours or a few days."
how about
How about we leave it for now. If the power has a good place to slot in a little edge of Trump Four or something, then fine, otherwise, leave it on the cutting floor.
rip
RIP.
There's a mix of singular betrayal (brother) and large-scale isolation (everyone turning on you).
By your powers combined, I am... Stranger powergens!"
It's the internet, everyone runs away then immediately comes back.
I wonder what proportion of canon masters are emotion manipulators versus everything else.
Mm. But how many non-emotion manipulators/people Masters? Skitter, Bitch, Siberian, Prism, Genesis, Parian, etc.
Ursa Aurora
No, I'd consider her a Stranger. Obviously.
Do we, though, Thal? I'm not sure how well it fits.
#14
We'll never finish it, Zane.
Master.
No.
disagreement isn't really because of ambiguous categories.
There's the fact that the character is a bud off a Changer, and there's not, like, a strong emotional element to tie into a power.
pick something.
Frustration, anger.
Hmm.
My only ideas: possession (turn into goop, force yourself into people's mouths, take over their bodies), and parasitism (create small worm parasites that you can insert into people to gain some control over them).
Altering the appearance of others seems like it should be a derivation of some other, broader power.
I like the possession idea but it seems like it's not really grabbing anyone else. Ties into the brother parasitizing you, and the stealing someone else's life bit. Could make it ruin the other person physically/mentally as you do it, for more thematic tie-in.
14
we'll do this power gen forever or until 'bow steps in.
so many
rip
hey bow you wanna do powergen
the Official Fan Fiction page. official by who.
he's talking to me
he was answering "official by who" with bow

yeah
too late. rip.
you can PM [ATM] $trigger #
Sounds very hard to pull off the first time.
??
Or their power could like... inform them intuitively of how it works.
 for Scelesta.
Haha, Broke Hearts would be fitting.
Or family drama.
Or destitute. Or homeless/slumming it.
He gets to pick one.
The main advantage of Tinker powers is strategic versatility, but you've got that from elsewhere.
They'd let you join, Zane, they'd just make you suck.
You use animals and don't say they're corpses.
it really seems like a non-PRT power mang.
No, I'm talking to Turncoat.
You're a power thief. Everybody's gonna hate you really quick once what you do gets out. Play vigilante and do sneak attacks or steal power effects.
Eh.
Not like me and Mega worked out our partnership in Lausanne.
didn't claim or increment
$claim 14 Gensville [Turncoat] Permanent power theft via "suction laser"; hard to manage, takes repeated uses separated by days to gain full version of power(s).
$trump 1
they would probably not be that high quality if you made 20 in a day
lack of inspiration?
idr
think so
yeah
used 474
think drag and drop works too
it's also easy to write someone being beat up
That doesn't seem like something that comes from the trigger so much as the person.
powers are magic.
Masters suck.
the mathematician's answer to that question would be "You may." and then not saying what he thinks of the trigger.
Integral.
clowns using irc cloud
too bad valefor is taken
it means integral like integral calculus. fucker.
Coyote.
hexchat
Black Coyote
One-Winged Coyote
Normies reee
Hostile Takeover Man. Powers Incorporated Man.
Uhh there are plenty of reasons not to kidnap capes.
1. They're capes.
He does eventually.
This power really feels like it goes with Self-Sabotage. Ha ha ha. I have bested you, foe! But I'll spare you... for now. See you again next week, where you can test your mettle against me once more.
It wouldn't be creepy, it would be unsafe.
(in the Taken voice) Good luck.
p sure
sounds maybe Breaker over Changer, if they're "totally unaffected by anything solid," especially with the weird movement rules.
Isn't it?
Tinker 7 (Brute 2/Striker 5) or some garbage.
Leviathan let him take on Leviathan.
you take another tinker list and delete everything
what's the #?
guess again
it's not 68
well, we claimed a bunch
scroll up to the half-eaten C&P?
there it is. 62.
Hmm.
Information, publicization of something private, secrets, identification of self.
I was actually thinking a distraction/disorientation Stranger as very possible. Some kind of broad effect that fucks with people.
I want to say "mark out AoE, negative psyche effect in area," but it needs a little more.
@El: Nah. Not sensory, probably emotional. Something that mimics the parahuman's emotional state right now in some way. Panic? Fear?
"Powers in a Master-Stranger combination are often based around controlling or influencing others, though a niche may have self-duplication utilizing the duplications as distractions."
example Stranger/Master: "A jock lets his team down and is summarily humiliated in front of the entire school."
What about the trigger in particular is suggesting extreme sensory stimulus to you?
"Emotion control" is the first example of Stranger/Master.
Producing severe, distracting emotions in others.
Putting emotion manipulation aside for the moment, what about something Feint-esque? Shadow clone spam.
He could do dupe physical objects too.
62.
It's 62 now.
claiming brings it numerically up.
Wow. Straight illusionist? Isn't that a little too Shaker? :^)
There's probably a reason the Stranger doc is comprised of nothing but Stranger-X combos.
We finished the power. Changer/Stranger/Master, turns into a moose and speaks moose.
ty
you're purple on my screen
huh? Shaker?
how is it .4 shaker?
what's the Shaker effect
whatever
"I mean, if it feels tacked-on or whatever." If it doesn't have that line gens can turn into complete gibberish.
Non: It should be part of the trigger, not tacked on to it. Instead of something like: "Three years turned into six, six became ten, but you never lost sight of your goal." the author of that trigger clearly had a classification in mind. :)" I'd rather that than go around for sixteen hours on whether the trigger's Changer, Master, Thinker, Trump, or Tinker.
Hmm?
I'll try, but I wouldn't count on it.
people basically never use .05 increments
so I'mma +.05 Blaster and -.05 Thinker so it doesn't sit there forever
$blaster .05
$thinker -.05
Deliberately making a stupid choice to put himself in mortal danger because he knew he was likely to get a second trigger." wasn't he just regular levels of likely to get a second trigger and just got lucky.
something something, D&D gives people brain damage, something something.
should've played a lvl 1 druid with natural spell
which power did you get? the duping Breaker?
When did Hong Kong go back to being owned by China?" 1997, when the UK's 99 year lease on the surrounding area expired.
What's the difference with $pc?" $pc was written with the intent of basically instantly and straightforwardly producing a playable power. $npc is a large collection of keywords with a lot more interpretation involved to get a workable/playable final version of the power (but consequently is a bit more versatile).
$pc's Thinker is bad though. Needs a new pass.
how can you notknow what navel gazing is. wtf.
it's not even a specifically literature term.
I can check my logs.
past couple weeks or long ago?
sounds terrible
I found it, should I claim/increment or you wanna just gen?
Was for Nick (player), w/ Scrags GMing, the frost Changer.
$help claim
fuck. what's the name of Scrags' campaign
"Frost Changer, vacuum in area of effect inflicts -Ath and pushes off balance" was the power? iirc?
$claim 26 Chesapeake [Nick] Frost Changer, vacuum in area of effect inflicts -Ath and pushes off balance.
changer .9, shaker .1?
$changer .9
$shaker .1
Hmm?
Yeah. You want to schedule me?
Profundum
roll sixteen different life and power perks
any day that's not Thu/Fri/Sat, 10AM-10PM CST rough waking hours.
you said yourself "what was I thinking" regarding Profundum.
iirc
Alright. Shoot for next Tuesday, with a starting time around 3-4PM CST?" Sounds good.
pretty sure Ash Beast is Class A. cbf to check tho.
_seen Quagger
now get in this coffin. *points to coffin*
does saltpelt ping you
wait, Simulacrum?
that was a secret gen?
it does contribute to the funny, since it makes you a dang joke who doesn't understand what an exponential is
$npc doesn't really produce powers on its own. it's like a tarot reading, or futhark, or whatever.
$pc was not based on $npc
Some of its ideas are drawn from actual gens.
what are the weakest $pc classes? I'm redoing Thinker right now, were there any other that struck people as particularly weak?
really, Trump? I mean it comes up 1/80 but it's about as big as the others.
it's... 7x4 rather than 8x5 like Brute. IIRC.
my main goal with $pc stranger is that your power doesn't do nothing the moment somebody spots you/pierces your stealth somehow.
reee
(No.)
the $pc stranger and the $pc master are both ~2x as big as the others. Stranger's divided between stealth and distraction, Master's divided between minions and people.
that sounds like npc
/msg [ATM] $pc
@rman916
they're your mom and dad
it's /msg [ATM]

flavor
it's like a tarot reading
just intended to give some direction on specifics, flavor, etc.
interpretive.
FoV
yeah
I am.
oh, did you not see my pbin
@words
by stabbing people
I'd say they don't.
It's not editable, but yeah.
Stranger primary, secondaries enhance escape (when caught out, via Mover), and distraction/indirect attacks (via Master, Blaster/Shaker)
spike is space whale magic, not metal.
generally no, maybe with some set-up/in specific situations.
what do you mean
didn't think Thinker idea was something that'd be fittable.
rip.
Everybody hates you and you have an aneurysm if somebody stresses you out. Next.
who's next. arch?
oh, he's asking Lid|Benny to roll.
It's not actually tar.
probably
had something similar in mind myself: 
Means 1/round or similar.
just $pc stuff
Can't carry a bunch of them around because they're volatile. Maybe imbuing is a half-action?
>inb4 you roll a thinker
it follows the object
How many charges max?
Words is saying you have a charge, you use it when you imbue.
So it's 1/round, or 1/2 rounds?
so 1/2 rounds. k.
would probably step up effect a little, then.
Possibilities: more accurate (+2), ignore all armor, bigger AoE (15', 20'), 2x Mod Rends, bonus effect on detonation
lean towards 2x rends, especially since it can be avoided.
maybe two effects, actually.
damage type
punch does Lesser Bash
Rend is ripping/tearing stuff. Dogs, machinery, chainsaws, etc.
I'd boost AoE, then. 15'?
so -1 Ath & Wits, and 15' AoE
we're still on this one
people move 60' at max speed
Hmm.
Battlefield control is kind of the intent of Omen.
should be fine: 
Any preference on their weakness, Words?
it's got the accidental issue
when it kicks, should DEFINITELY be a lower version of the effect.
like, Lesser Rend in 5', or something.
"When rolling a 1 for Wits/Know (pick one), or when stressed, the power sparks, kicking into life in uncontrolled or destructive ways." So, on 1 for Wits, some crappy Rend effect in nearby AoE.
and, uhhh, incapable of looking after themselves.
that work, Words?
That works, yeah.
My idea: Striker, taps 'steal' momentum. A single touch (e.g. from a punch) automatically staggers targets, while a sustained touch steals 1 Ath per round. Sustained touches (against targets with Athletics) grant +1 Ath to the parahuman. Each round the parahuman neither staggers nor steals Ath, they lose one bonus Ath, until they return to their base level.
sustained touch being, e.g., a grapple
step 3) leave them a baby that can't move on the ground
not a combat relevant one.
Hours. Days.
"Each round the parahuman neither staggers nor steals Ath, they lose one bonus Ath, until they return to their base level."
+1 Ath is really good, +2 is really, really good, +3 is insane, etc.
Extra mod bash, I think he's saying.
Hmm.
cap of +5, say.
+5, +6.
Striker, taps 'steal' momentum. A single touch (e.g. from a punch) automatically staggers targets, while a sustained touch (e.g. a grapple) steals 1 Ath per round. Sustained touches (against targets with Athletics 1+) grant +1 Ath to the parahuman, up to a maximum of +5. Each round the parahuman neither staggers nor steals Ath, they lose one bonus Ath, until they return to their base level.
Booster shot for power?
Was thinking either gets a +1 Wits bonus when Ath is active, or max is +6.
Hmm.
Nah. Would make you nearly invulnerable.
Sure.
he is the gm
Turncoat, roll $pc.
whoo boy.
Should be bigger than that.
3x, maybe.
it's a specific Breaker type
it's a clarifier for that one case
Debtor's stuff like Mega's Laus character.
yeah
I got a writeup, hang on.

at GM's discretion, certain attacks might do nothing, or extra. Like a building falling on you might do a bunch, Stranger guy's thin spikes might do nada.
anything that would severely disrupt the state would do more, but that'd be kill shot stuff, generally.
You deal a Lesser Bash for punching them, and a single Lesser Burn for hitting them, yeah.
Maybe AoE effect if you like, try to punch somebody and hit the wall instead.
Oh, and pips are constant between activations. Regen is like... non-combat.
sounds about right
luck time?
these luck rolls lol
He apparently managed to transmute the river around the port into stone :/" Oh who cares. That's not even close to my top priority at the moment.
housecats would be lesser cuts and stubbed toes would be lesser bashes, so they'd just be knocked unconscious.
Striker.
#14
It sounds the opposite of broken.
No, the other one.
Then it's lame, because if you use that as the reversion limit, then it just amounts to breaking things.
you mean striker right
good. i was going to scream.
Rip, tear, drown, reach in and grab, open, asphyxiate, crush, capture.
Why the reversion theme?
it's in the pips
you can PM [ATM]
alright. I got the perfect power for this trigger.
Turns into a moose and speaks moose.
It's ironic because you expect it to be turning into a deer, but instead it's a moose. Get it?
"Your father tells you that after school today, you're going to go to the psychiatrist, and you freeze, like a deer in the headlights." This is a good line.
deer don't live in flocks.
Not really a "problem needs solving" thing, so I'd say more Thinker than Tinker.
It definitely does seem absurdly common at this point.
"some social applications" is different from "Social Thinker"
that's Masters
Maybe two interconnected, weaker, Thinker powers. One that ties into the "parents are divorcing thanks to me," and one that ties into "big brother is going to come home."
I was thinking about something similar, but just purely destructive. Chip away at others' relationships, make them more reliant on the parahuman.
For the social element, something like, a Thinker-granted bonus to sowing distrust and dislike in people, hitting just the right points to put someone down in their mind. As you degrade their relationships with others, you automatically improve their relationship with you by a smaller amount.
Hard to mechanize, though, since there's no actual social mechanics.
For parent element, rather.
I think there's no skill(s) that's particularly well-suited to it, though.
That works, actually.
Sure. +X to your social rolls when you want, but the target suffers -Y to theirs for days unless they're interacting with you.
Just hitting the right notes to make yourself sound good and leave everyone else looking bad.
for something like "gain a +2d bonus to Social rolls, but the target suffers a -1 to their Social rolls, and effectively loses two pips of their highest Social skill for several days"?
$seen Teller
IIRC, yeah.
Hey, Teller.
Alright.
I think "not counting against totals" means you get nine skill points (3 in Command) at Know 3, 11 at Know 4, 7 at Know 2, etc.
doesn't small do something completely different from artful dodger and flowing
Yeah, and Artful Dodger/Flowing means you dodge on all 1s, 2s, and (with both) 3s.
rip teller
alright. ready to go.
rip tubs
rip slither
I think she's Shaker for the stuff she can do in her pocket dimension.
wait a second
No, I don't think it fits, actually.
She's unpowered. So no.
@Fulvus: There's a big difference between "I can kill someone in three rounds" and "I can kill someone instantly in one round and it's pretty likely to happen too."
It was already claimed.
Oh, that's fine. Been concerned about being too slow on my end.
I /think/ Russia in Worm might be (supposed to be) the USSR less the Baltics. It's not explicitly stated how much they held onto, but the economic reforms of the late USSR went a lot better according to WoG.
Yeah, I know. But the Baltics would be in a very different position if Belarus, Ukraine, etc, were still part of Russia.
Pretty sure, yeah.
I was trying to think of what the Earth-Bet equivalent of "Made in China" would be (since the CUI's a pariah state) and went with Thailand.
I keep wanting to go with something like Saff's claw bitch from Cleveland, but hard to make it distinct. Striker/Shaker, rips stuff up, leaves lingering Shaker effect in wake reminiscent in some way of the drowning element.
Oh, sort of like a more AoE... whatshisface, the Protectorate Oakland cape with the hyper-damaging Striker power?
no that guy was a Tinker
that sounds right, anti
3000 actual content words is pretty fast.
You drop words in odd places that aren't strictly necessary to communicate the thought but are grammatically expected, which is something associated with someone speaking a second language.
Dying is a great flaw, for a clown with a terminal disease.
it's $life flaw
rip
striker .7, shaker .3?
$striker .7
$shaker .3
he didn't kill anyone
This is why you murder villains instead of taking them prisoner!" Oh, no comment on the other reveal in there?
Fucker?
^
This is a one-shot disabling power, incredibly useful for a hero OR a villain. Grab a person, now they're inert and unable to fight back as you stab/arrest them.
^
It's effectively rocket tag, which is kind of unsatisfying even when you're the one with the rocket.
I'm about to piss off Deep-Six, somebody tell me it's a bad idea.
*intentionally
I don't want to give him Coy and Furor, I need to waste his time.
I just told Deep-Six he's an idiot to his face.
It'll end great.
rip
A 1. Damn.
It's his turn. Let's see what happens. [Sonderman died on the way to her home planet.]
I said this to Deep-Six: "You know that idiotic racial harmony thing of yours, it's never going to work, right? Gangs in America have always been extremely racialized, even more than the country as a whole."
not 60
That was a smart choice. I got a +1 bonus for it.
whew
he rolled a nat 1 to catch me. pwned.
Cashy is responsible for this in the first place.
Room's not that big. Though he is "quickly strolling."
he's weak to laser beams
Unfortunately, I don't have any laser beam capes.
and, iirc, none of the potential new recruits were laser beam capes.
I'm sure it works as a passive defense.
She's twice-divorced, menopausal, and never had kids.
So I can't.
they tried
these 4s
rip me
Oh, I thought I should swim very slowly and languidly to confuse Deep-Six.
thank the good lord
he's taking so long because he's writing up Sonderman's final moments.
He didn't die.
Retired.
It depends.
Man am I glad I didn't get a chance to punish her for earlier yet.
what about in a kiddie pool.
he has a phobia of death
The goggles! They do something!
Fuck, they are related.
Which is exactly why humans will continue to innovate?
like human life
parahumans
Ha, I was just thinking that. Things probably would've gone much worse for you if you had." They probably would've gone better, because I wouldn't have had a backup escape plan, and so wouldn't have intentionally pissed him off. I guess he would've run off with Coy and Furor.
Officer Guts
Terre Haute uses/used pregenerated capes. Vancouver and one batch of Oakland, I think, did a draft with powers instead of triggers.
rip playpen
blame deep-six.
deep-six did it, man.
I'm still alive, Thal.
Little girls are one of the easiest things to RP.
Get your mind out of the gutter, Words.
nice typo.
i believe you
hey, on the upside, maybe Deep-Six is dead.
I said "maybe."
Brockton Bay's population is never explicitly stated in canon iirc.
yeah, I think it is.
I was gonna, but then you said to, so now I'm going to leave her to die and get rid of my Feint-alike.
wtf. why would you say that.
I was gonna, but then you said to, so now I'm going to leave her to die 
Teller even used a female pronoun for him, at one point.
"The officer is breathing heavily, water pouring off of her face, palms flat on the ground."
Fuck, fuck, there has to be something else to delay him. She could just piss him off. She tentatively leans a little further back, ready to jump, tension in her body before she speaks. "You know that idiotic racial harmony thing of yours, it's never going to work, right? Gangs in America have always been extremely racialized, even
Fascinating to hear you all guessing about Playpen's power, while I'm over here calmly sipping a Pepsi.
I was calm as a still lake.
Alright. Pas is the one on the left, and Deux is the one on the right.
I have all this secret intel and I am NOT sharing it with you guys. Gahaha.
Sicol Bend
Nah, just OOG stuff.
Wasn't the Keeper leader potentially a cape? I remember something about that, because I wasn't clear on what the Keeper leader was.
Hey, go me." Yeah, go. *points to freshly dug grave*
Unlikely, since that would require Schuyler to survive for longer than a month.
Ha ha.
Feb 23 16:12:29 <Nonagon>	what does leader of the keepers even mean
Feb 23 16:13:11 <Nonagon>	are you baseline, parahuman? corporate, civil, private?
Feb 23 16:14:38 <Teller>	Baseline is likely, but parahuman's not off the table. Corporate/Civil/Private is negotiable, OOC and IC.
I think I should wait for you to die because it's easier and less risky than actually arresting you or stuff like that.
Do I know I shouldn't touch Deep-Six?
Oh, we're in the... whatever game me and Anti are twins in?
It's been like two months or something man.
Oh my God, I just realized a crucial problem with me and Anti being twins: neither of us will be able to speak during power gen.
Stranger/Mover who talks to people to convince them of lies AND teleports outside of line of sight.
What happens if you're like, a squaddie and you develop a corona? Do they just fire you? Or is that not "administration" enough?
Corona's not the same as having powers.
Hmm. I'm up to it if Anti is. *prays*
@JLurks: He faked his tests, pretty sure.
*prays harder*

Wanted to do it "fair" but didn't want to make like, sixteen twin triggers and roll between them.
I'll do- dammit.
I'd say that roll is what you deserve, but we all know you love it.
$luck
lol
oh ffs
...
look, just because I'm... *rolls dice* schizophrenic. Doesn't mean I shouldn't have custody of the kids.
I think just Lung would be about right for Nex.
Yeah.
I'm still shopping for a mental disorder and you're asking me about college already.
I rolled LF59, Firlz, and now I have to pick an appropriate mental disorder.
I was just thinking of Borderline.
Chuunibyou is not a real mental illness. Also I don't think it's really appropriate for the flaw.
not sure you should increment. isn't from the actual trigger sheet, after all.
Do we?
That definitely sounds wrong, since Cauldron capes are distorted by people's preferences.
So if, say, Brutes are a more popular power to play, then Cauldron would produce a lot of Brutes, because people would buy Brute vials, but that doesn't mean there are too many Brute triggers or people are too quick to gen Brutes.
Yeah, yeah.
I guess it works fine for this, since my pregens are a pretty even spread, so if the distortion is on the genning end, it'll carry into the count, and if it's not, then it shouldn't really be distorting.
Wow. Weird that the PCs alter and change the setting rather than being pitifully little mules running on the GM's railroads and watching the GMPCs be cool (the PCs aren't allowed to be cool).
@Teller: Are you free on Friday to finish the Sicol Bend session?
Let's do it then, then.
Yeah.
Denny's meme.
Sure he does.
!search agon
the male gaze is like the Eye of Sauron, in that the only way to truly escape it is to be beneath its notice. (at line 118)
This parahuman discovered one weird trick to keep working your old job. Shards HATE him!
"[00:34:57] * Wilbdow frowns at non" It's from January, God.
a trigger
A trigger that wasn't claimed! Rargh!
gremlin changer dude seems pretty heavy on the Master element. otoh the Master only really works at all when he's in Changer.
.5/.5?
Changer .6/Master .4?
Huh. The Milestone rules imply you don't get to roll at all, normally.
$claim 19 Chesapeake [Dromuthra] Changer state, no hands, limited speaking, uses chaotic minions that are generated in the form and obey verbal commands.
$changer .6
$master .4
oh yeah I said this earlier but I'm saying it again now that you're on: "[00:34:57] * Wilbdow frowns at non" It's from January, God.
beyond, p sure
would just instafail if it was the former.
I just took a little nap so let me wake up properly.
done.
cashy thinks it should include the parenthesis.
yeah. dashy.
cashy is too smart to get confused like that.
"Example: After discussing his and the GM’s respective schedules, John is scheduled for a game on Tuesday, 2:00PM Eastern time. He doesn’t show up, and is promptly murdered by a band of wild monkeys. All observers agree that it was richly deserved, and no one attends his funeral." lol
Maybe oni's, from Laus? I remember a lot more back and forth for that one.
Ravel was almost completely me. I mean, it's a good power, but wasn't a lot of discussion.
artful dodger was me stealing the power from that very document you linked earlier and making a few changes, that's what's messed up about all this.
Yeah, oni's Laus had some decent back and forth, more than one person contributing ideas/influence.
Caul's is probably more representative though.
I guess it depends on what kind of arc you want. There are gens that go like "five people talk among themselves for an hour and create a really dumb/bad power and then a sixth person shows up and pounds out something decent that's basically unrelated" and gens that go like "that person is there from the start, puts forward a concept, then writes it up" and "that person never shows up" and only fairly rarely gens that go another way.
Anyway. Teller. I'm good to start on the hour?
I had Ruin on my Vancouver cape.
Mhm.
"working on become such"
beat the fuck out
lol well at least they're not happy about it either.
it's your mother
she's very disappointed with you.
You get my last message?
It's probably pocket dimension related, thus the interaction with Playpen's power. If it was matter annihilation or conversion or something you wouldn't expect what happened to happen.
is it one of your stupid OP ones
do either of them have a pistol and Barrage 4. if not I think they're not actually OP.
I picked her out to be a heavy hitter. ;_; But she has haphephobia.
If the PRT fired all its parahumans with mental issues these walls would be manned by ghosts.
If the PRT fired all its parahumans with mental issues these walls would be manned by ghosts.
Weird. My name's longer than Fossil|Ronin
IX is 9 you goof! VIII is eight!
the old gun rules? man, fossil was a chump not to use Barrage.
gun stats, yeah
old guns just straight up kill you lol.
Bringing a knife to a gun fight.
If you'd normally get two powered recruits, you get three choose two.
I've been reviewing possible mental disorders for my San Raul character. This is a really interesting (occasional) symptom of schizophrenia, but also it seems like it would be the most annoying possible thing to RP in the IRC format: 
I don't trust myself to write good word salad and it's also gibberish anyway.
I don't think the word "grimdark" means anything, and noble bright thus means even less.
It's used as a vague "I don't like it" word that doesn't really communicate anything meaningful. Most of it's tone, but the tones of things described as grimdark vary wildly. Worm doesn't hit basically any of the same notes as WH40k.
people say it
I tend to see it in fanfic around Worm, when the author is bashing on Worm for being too depressing. But what they actually mean, generally, based on what they keep and what they lose, is "I don't like that the Protectorate acts like a government organization rather than an order of paladins with maybe some evil guys we need to kick out."
"Pas might be okay" maybe in an alternate reality bitch
Didn't blocking used to reduce damage by a step.
figuring out a good mental illness for my San Raul character is driving me insane.
well she's married and wants a divorce and will probably lose in the divorce.
Very uncarefully, apparently.
It's more an issue picking something I'd feel comfortable and able to accurately roleplay. Schizophrenia, borderline, etc, involve a lot of minor shifts in behavior I don't necessarily get and so can't model.
@Fossil: It's like a year old, way older than the suggestions thing.
does run into issues if you don't know when the campaign's gonna end, tho
jesus this is a hell of a trigger event: 
seems like they were in organized crime
your character was actually bulletproof though.
which mook doc
$seen Non
$seen Non*
$seen Nona*
guess it ignores the person asking
Barrage.
trigger idea: you cheat on your girlfriend. She either was, or becomes, a Changer, and now psycho stalks you, turning into attractive girls (she knows your type) wherever you go, constantly and relentlessly fucking with you and ruining your nights out, over and over again.
Stranger/Master/Trump
one of the issues is that being particularly competent (which you'd expect from some, but not all, cop/military triggers) is fairly hard with WD character creation mechanics, and really tightens up your possible character space.
He was with law enforcement but he wasn't a cop trigger.
Everyone loved him.
Naming a pyrokinetic Freezeout seems strange.
PRT Director.
it depends on the totem.
also i was just reviewing the prt director doc and technically Sonderman doesn't qualify. whoops.
Yes, that would be Jack Slash's totem.
Power perks and flaws are "natural consequences of your power."
$luck totem
"or simply a vehicle to control the basic output of the power (1 foot diameter metal pipe to channel blaster power)." <- sound like anybody
47 years old.
"Be between thirty and forty-five years of age"
She should've been 69, because that's a funny number.
why? she planning on banging Wink?
So the only reason she won't is because it would look bad?
One table?
>not putting your birthday on all your character sheets in case enough time passes
ishygddt
wow, i'm feeling extremely attacked right now
Makes sense. I'm an August birthday and I'm the nicest guy in the chat.
Singapore... in China...
Eris tried running a game in Germany. I think it was Paris?
actually, that's the wrong way around.
somebody should try running a game in Russia, like, in Berlin or something.
No. Just Berlin.
I doubt the DPRK still exists in Worm.
On my northern borders: the CUI, a hard right monarchist pariah state. On my southern borders: South Korea, a client of the most powerful military in the world. I shall remain independent and free.
people in some countries do. i think malaysia?
maybe i'm thinking of Samoa
you can be effective with Victus
it only limits you in one of range or melee.
Anyway, since apparently blocks use Guts and just block everything, just boost Guts and Withstand a lot and tank Ath, lol.
that's what i thought too, but,
"Blocking attacks means raising one’s guard, aiming to deflect, rely on gear, or just tough out the attack with the intent of redirecting it to somewhere it will only deal negligible damage.  It remains easier to maintain one’s footing and respond, but a combatant who walks away from a fight where they blocked every incoming attack is liable to do so with scrapes, bruises, scuffs and tears, which may make maintaining a secret ident
ity harder.  This damage mechanically has no effect the vast majority of the time, but should be noted for special cases and social interaction.  Further, combatants that rely heavily on blocking will find that it’s difficult to impossible to block some incoming attacks.  One would need extraordinary toughness to endure a cannonball fired at them."
It used to reduce by a step, reduce completely with 2+ better roll, but now it just ignores.
yeah, that's what i'm sayin'

well i'm agreeing with you right back then, so I dunno what you're complainin' about.
*reads Sicol Bend logs* Man, this Schuyler guy's a real turd who's making my job really hard just by existing and being so dumb and goddamn crazy.
Schuyler and Sonderman is an interesting contrast.
a real goofus and gallant of parahuman team leaders.
Gungnir II
wip, curious for feedback: 
which power's that?
wait, so whenever anybody moves within their radius, they can instantly dump -3 Ath on them and gain +3 Ath? Or what?
How quick does it dissipate?
The buff would be more my issue.
Seems to be an auto-hit effect, though.
rip to those who died.
Are they?" Wow. Harsh.
Hmm. Reading that trigger: Tinker/Thinker/Stranger. :^)
Could see it as some kind of resource-oriented Thinker, drawing on the "soup up my car" element of the trigger.
good. now you can study for an extra day. [cue laugh track]
Concept I'm toying with: make/modify "unique" melee weapons (for the cuffs/close range cop/etc), give Thinker enhancements while wielded, can smash for big bonus (evoking loss of car that was worked so hard on).
like, you take a (sword, baseball bat, similarly sized melee weapon), and you mess with it, using power-prompted modifications, pushing it this direction or that. It winds up looking weird - odd cuts in strange places your power compensates for/plays on.
Well, it depends on the Thinker enhancements.
how can he sink points into driving when driving is a dead skill
Hmm. I'm thinking for San Raul, bipolar misdiagnosed as depression, with my character in the middle/near the start of an extremely long and increasingly psychotic manic episode. Long enough (1+y) that it doesn't matter for a Weaver Dice campaign.
I was thinking bipolar wouldn't work because depression is like... the opposite of interesting. But, cycling between manic and depressive is often slow enough that it doesn't really matter. 
did you guys claim and increment for CG's power
the command is $claim 54 campaign-name [ColdGold] some thinker/breaker crap idk.
You feeling more hero or villain, for San Raul, Anti?
did my last thing post
You feeling more hero or villain, for San Raul, Anti?"
Two sisters, one a hero, one a villain.
$commands
Tinker?
More the "choice you can't reconcile" bit.
Option 1: Incriminating yourself and ruining your dad's reputation. Stranger, Changer maybe. Option 2: Leaving him to get screwed. Thinker, guilt.
Could just do two mid-level powers, one Stranger/Changer, one Thinker.
What I was thinking, yeah.
For Stranger/Changer, was thinking... layabout. Lazy kid, idiot, loser. Worm, slime, something pitiful and not particularly mobile. Flattens, clings and camouflages, maybe. Good at hiding when it's still, not so good when moving.
How you'll look.
Sure.
No.
@Tubes
You could just go for upping the Stranger/Changer.
Oh, Faustus.
Can I submit a Cauldron app for Fairbanks.
Stranger/Changer slime mold thing, near-undetectable while still, some arbitrary Changer powers while visible. Secondary Thinker power ties into crime/guilt. Requires a bit of concentration, but operates as a kind of retrocog, looking for recent guilt-causing events. Can then leverage this knowledge very effectively, hitting hard with guilt/blackmail/threaten/knock off balance.
Some ideas.
yes
Ties into guilt elements of trigger, was trying to come up with something that was Social x Skill or close enough.
Doing social Thinker powers without a social system beyond "roll some dice m8" is a pain.
Muscle x Shield
I would worry that it creates an effect where the power only really 'kicks in' and is useful when the fight's winding down already, because the character's taken a decent number of Wounds.
Well, depends on how good the secondaries are, I suppose.
Yeah, but he's still got debuffs from his wounds.
thrown in the garbage
feels bad man
lemme check
which #?
which #???
I can check.
#41 is, I'm pretty sure, not used.
in fact, it is like a month old? from sep 06.
Oh, one of the things I noticed in the WD rep thing; we generally play almost 100% IC. I can see these rules working with the almost 100% IC bit, but would be worth double-checking, on that front.
yeah, doing a luck roll without the bot is... well, you know.
arguably a bigger issue is luck like Ruin which would just be asking for it, in a party game.
weren't your players basically The Worst
did people claim the "parahuman touch-shanking you" thing
*trigger
yeah
what # was it. it was used.
it was used before you rerolled it
no that was the rock climbing one
8
what game does NotSatan run?
Uuuugh this is a terruble power.
it's the "roll some dice to see if maybe you can do a Moderate Wound as a Striker" one
*wound effect
$claim 8 Providence [Xyb0rg] Inflicts Wound effects (player's choice) via touch, more powerful if the character is suffering the same Wound type.
$striker .9
$trump .1
you can still do it if you're not suffering the same wound type
anyway, it's bad, rip, rip. rip.
It is.
not even damage lol
notsatan. and who knows.

On average, we'd expect that every six hits that procs. Do you know what happens well before six hits, against virtually any combatant?
Or get knocked out. But yes.
plus the crit chance only appears once you've been hit, so,
@Mega: That's every power.
Well, part of the problem is that old rules guns are so insanely stupid good that a Blaster power that's better than them would be, well, really stupid.
If guns get ticked down in efficacy (as the WIP pistol writeup implies), and Blaster powers remain at about old-guns level, I think it'll work out fine.
old pistols, level, anyway.
old machine gun or shotgun, lol.
semiauto 2x damage rr 1s
Superstition is interfering." Yeah. Superstition is interfering. The superstition that dice magic exists, that is!!!
i'll start killing people for ya, Hiero.
>implying non doesn't just solve everything through summary execution" Have I executed a single person in my time as PRT Director?
On the perks/flaws: There are, imo, two major issues with the +eff --vers thing. 1) Can make balancing a power a pain in the ass, since powers are generally balanced before luck, and +eff can mess with a charges power, for ex. 2) It is very difficult to meaningfully set it such that the ++eff -vers is not the same as it would have been for the +eff --vers.
also, there's this thing from a million years ago since you're going over it again: 
how many smut authors you think are out there that don't make a dime
PRT likes her running around" Oh? We do?
News to me.
I haven't detained Deep-Six either, doesn't mean I love him and want to kiss him on the lips.
yeah and if the PRT agents had foamed Hoagie when she got in a fight with Gungnir, I would've hauled her off.
But they didn't.
@Quagger: That's real early for me.
what's Knifeman's skill loadout.
the fact that bow keeps adding in ways to do a bunch of damage per round.
anyway, the weakness of this guy is, as always, being shot with bullets until he is dead. since he's covered in armor, he can't catch you.
anyway, the weakness of this guy is, as always, being shot with bullets until he is dead.
Should've made it view-only where only Nonagon can edit it, tbh" Hmm? Why can I edit it?
what shit did he start
did he announce his intentions on the radio in advance
yeah. the ship that Flair was sent to the Chinese Union-Imperial on.
what was he getting arrested for this time
wow. what made him distrust me so much. [flashback to throwing him in jail] Oh yeah.
it's Average, not Median, you clown.
wow. what made him distrust me so much. [flashback to throwing him in jail] Oh yeah.
"Cathy"? What the fuck. Catherine, Nachzehrer, or Nach. Never Cathy.
Nachzehrer is just not a Cathy.
Every villain wants to be sent to the Birdcage. makes sense 2 me.
Oh, yeah, Anti, I'm good with scheduling it whenever.
Wednesday would work.
Africa is really as large as as Greenland looks on American maps." I'm pretty sure it's larger than that.
concession accepted.
the elephants would trigger.
not all animals. just, like, bottlenose dolphins and elephants.
they don't have hands though
and they live underwater.
did she do it underwater
It's not simpler to build electronic devices underwater, as water is conductive and a universal solvent.
nice "yes" answers to an or question.
Intentionally cutting the legs out from under OSHA just seems like an insanely circuitous way to cause more triggers.
I mean... do they do anything at all in canon that's intended to create more trigger events? Setting up the PRT and propping up the Suits, etc, that's all stabilizing and has the opposite effect; Africa has more parahumans proportionately, but I don't think Cauldron is pushing the African Model of parahuman-human relations.
the oxturd comma.
goon-gir is an invader zim ripoff.
spinoff
Definitely.
All my names are the same schtick. Google for synonyms or referents until you get something nice. Except Zulfiqar, who I just stole from Firlz. pwned.
Yeah, I never do bad names.
Stray's name is perfect.
followed by Calamity, Komainu, and Zulfiqar, not necessarily in that order.
Or maybe you don't actually have magical powers, as magic is not real.
watch me
Nope.
Not real either.
I suspect that if you're getting a Master 8 from the PRT you have better things to brag about than that rating, such as how you got it by comprehensively fucking up a PRT patrol without risk of being harmed.
Deep-Six (from Sicol Bend) is like, a Striker 9. But he's not scary because the PRT gave him a high rating. The PRT gave him a high rating because he's scary.
They think, "man, that person is extremely dangerous." They don't think, "that person is extremely dangerous, and I know this because they have a Shaker rating of 12." Like, what's fucking Grey Boy's rating? You don't know. But he's scary.
and it kept changing
Anti, you still feeling sick?
Oh, it's fine if you're sick, I have something I should have done yesterday I need to do before tomorrow anyway.
free this Fri, Sun.
Sure.
Sorry, ColdGold. I wouldn't have sent you to prison if you hadn't got caught.
Escalation does the civilians fewer favors.
Look how easy PRT prisons are to escape.
That won't be happening again.
I've focused my new recruits heavily on raw power, versus the stealth/information focus of the previous batch.
By that logic, just kill everybody.
Pioneer and Red.
Gungnir served his time.
And?
We've still got Pas de Deux.
who is a Brute/Mover.
she's either in the PRT's holdings or being transported around.
??
i'm not putting brutes in like, the drunk tank
Do we see that, CG?
Also, that's wrong, Mish.
They talk about it.
We've got that Brotherhood guy too.
On the upside, the insane idiot patrol of you guys will help draw heat away from me, letting me be more aggressive.
We should actually talk about our characters at some point because I got to the "Alright, time to get started on my character" point and realized that I needed to talk to Anti to figure out basically anything for my character.
rip
He crashed right into the ground at high speeds and ate it up. He didn't sink right, either.
Well, into a thing.
Given no air bubbles, I don't even know if he needs to breathe.
It's definitely a passive defense.
He fell in the water and his power ate the water around it.
He fell once, and jumped another time.
Got catapulted out of Playpen's pocket dimension.
ate the platform as he fell, didn't sink right.
I'd guess it's more like he's got a small hole, rather than that he's got a small space, or he'd have run out a while back.
& everybody hates him
one of the Brotherhood guys supposedly had him on the ropes from AoE exotic targeting blasts or some bullass
but teller just keeps giving me conventional fighters! sad!
I bet Grey Boy could beat him.
Sounds like somebody's a pussy.
Yeah, definitely put Deep-Six right next to Ziz.
What the hell.
Behemoth, sure.
Man. I just realized, Deep-Six sucks! He could go beat up Leviathan!
With what??
Didn't I just get done telling you he eats water automatically?
Deep-Six is secretly Leviathan in a civil war uniform.
I had a very similar cape in San Josafat. Blew up whatever he touched instead of eating it, though.
it's BS, but it's canon according to 'bow. Maybe a tie.
#parahumans people chat like this (wee woo wa wa), #worm people chat like THIS (woob a doob dub dab).
#worm people chat like THIS *crickets chirping noise*
Good.

I really doubt that. PTSD is a specific psychological condition, which is probably substantially genetic, and most people don't develop it.
define "insane capes," anyway.
I don't recognize like any of those names.
Redcap specifically had a roll that made her crazy.
I can rarely muster up any desire to read a bunch of logs.
Okay?
Sad.
You writing up his power, Cam?
Pink, do you actually have a homebrew Wounds system or do you just eyeball it? I remember something mentioning that in #gamedesign.
that you had homebrew wounds or something
"divide it up more"?
!search Nonagon
the male gaze is like the Eye of Sauron, in that the only way to truly escape it is to be beneath its notice. (at line 118)
sad!
Is there a "make a good first impression" Social skill?
That's only for crowds, though.
Opacity of effect and "jam the button" are both issues with play enjoyment that don't really tie into power level, yeah.
Well, there's a lot of layers on which player decisions take place. Sure, Brutes have noncombat utility in ways that, say, Blasters don't necessarily, but that's not quite the same as having more choices/angles to make on a decision in a fight.
Hmm. What was... it was Pink, right, who had the conditional Brute in Bogota? The running around at the speed of sound guy?
Or was that Mover.
I mean, if you want to say "Brutes only count as Brutes when they can't do anything other than very specific Brawn/Guts stuff," sure.
my main issue with all the new weapon rules is that it makes Dexterity a god stat and effectively halves combat length since basically everything can now attack multiple times per round.
Trying to grab/get/win [thing], fistfight with other competitor/person trying to stop you, manage to beat them down and go for it, then they pull a gun.
Trying to work out a good beam x enchantment trigger"
It would be useful and powerful but it depends on the specifics.
Spammable?
Spammable, probably too powerful. If there's a limiter of some kind, probably fine.
Doesn't have to be 1/hour, could be, "causes harm to the person it's used on," or "only one at a time," or "has to collect 'charges' from other parahumans to use more than once a day" or something.
Just get ten fuckheads and give them ten powers.
armies of crappy parahumans?
most parahumans can't actually, meaningfully, contribute to an Endbringer fight anyway.
anything thick or hard protects against piercing damage.
@CoC: fencers use plastic chest protectors, iirc.
@Jacob: Nah.
Well, first of all, Brockton Bay is (explicitly) a top ten cape city which explicitly (and unusually) had like three S-class threats in a row. Second of all, half those guys would either be an active detriment if they're using their actually dangerous parts of their powers (Grue, Noelle), or not help that much (Clockblocker, Perdition, Coil).
His power thrives on the strategic scale, not the tactical one, and Endbringers mess with precog.
the travellers, also, had high quality vials. Perdition's is probably the same one that made Grey Boy, and Genesis is explicitly the same one that made Siberian.
my last Cleveland sess was 15.5, right, Anti?
Harsh, unfair, completely over the top, and yet - totally, absolutely justified.
Huh? I thought you were bored? Why would you play Stellaris to become less bored?
in what city
when was "alertness" ever a skill?
Oh no. He's seen my real face. Now he can identify the 4'6" white woman with black hair as being the same person as the 4'6" brute in plate armor.
$seen Non*
lol
Or settings where the players get to stomp all over the status quo.
?? they can do that in WD too.
Presumably, all the players got really mad at how "unfair" Pink's GMing was and stormed out.
by disguising themselves as women?
look. he had the skills they needed.
that's not even D&D mode
You can't have the extremely butch dude fighter pretend to be a woman to infiltrate a temple of the goddess of the hearth (whose priests are all female) in D&D.
you can only get away with that in Exalted
wards only get minimum wage. kablammo.
what if they don't have socks at all?
Abattoir.
Abattoir: the last Airbender.
Hmm. It occurs to me that Catherine is probably not the purse-owning type.
my character in Cleveland
probably owns a fanny pack? I guess?
or maybe one of these: 
Get me out of this wack ass bag prison.
I flashed a lot of cash, man.
I'm not wearing a balaclava. It's in my bag.
I'm a tiny little girl, what am I gonna do?
whew.
was worried for a sec.
!search tribal
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 467)
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 467)
Six out of twelve.
I have rolled below a four six times out of twelve.
the exact average # of times
I failed the Wits roll to notice Zoup! was a setup
whew.
I will.
I really want to say "I asked you nicely the first time, boy. I ain't gonna ask you again."
Victor's not a Master.
The rep-altering costume bits aren't updated to new system, I don't think, so don't really want to lock in on them.
who wants to be a hero.
This is unjustified stereotyping of people of short height.
Wow, this guy is a dick.
Oh, there's Full Throttle. Good work, pal.
hurr Non has great luck in Cleveland. *gets double demolished in the torso and head*
Wow, so you're saying it's not luck, but other factors?
Ehhh.
It was a great plan, and I pulled it off.
it pays like, less than minimum wage. lmao. pwned fucking criminal idiot.
Yeah, obviously every 4'6" girl at a college party is Nachzehrer.
Not far enough, clearly.
Hah! Not so fun when it happens to you, huh, motherFUCKEr?
Christ. Dashy is just spitting out the Demolisheds.
She's just extremely short, she doesn't have any genetic conditions, so she would not be considered a dwarf.
also on the spine
Not that much shorter. A couple inches, on average.
+1d to Wits rolls when in contact with a solid surface to detect someone in contact with a solid surface; +1 to Guts rolls; 1 temporary armor; some situational bonuses against Surfer's BS.
whoever this is
I'm not cheating so I don't know.
who Surfer, or this guy, is.
Holy crap... it's Mortal Lock!
Nach, upon Cwn getting stabbed in the butt whilst on the toilet by the ghost of Mortal Lock: "Good." (at line 470)
lol
I don't even remember the context.
probably around when she joined the PRT
probably. having a lot of different power counters at a low level probably wouldn't be much better than having a lot of one power counter. and she'd have to get beaten up a bunch.
Who's the problem now, bitch? Who's the short bitch now, bitch? [said as she cuts off his legs]
it could also be that she's been concussed and had her ribs smashed in by this guy.
Uh, no.
I started a fight with a dealer.
Well apparently snitches get stitches, so you should be thanking me for taking him off your hands. QED.
Arguable.
I implied I was a Lung-alike, and that's not how my power works.
What happens?
She eats thunder and shits lightning.
Case 53s are specifically Cauldron. You can get physical deviations without being a Case 53.
or being a Cauldron cape at all
New Cauldron works mostly as 5% C53, and maybe some specific mutation odds. Lumen's had a 75% chance of fucking with her eyes, for example.
 <- direct link to vial tab
what was the vial combo that got that awful power in Singapore?
the bio thing where you shoot crap out of your arms but the crap all sucks and you have to eat a ton to do anything.
(was Grant x Torrent)
No.
Still no.
what would be the point. he's not a child. either lecture him or lock him up.
*either ignore it
that's what you deserve
ofc not.
Wow. "Cure"? That's some really stigmatizing language, there.
It's not a plague, they don't die of it.
well, it's not competing with normal skills afaict.
Wichita was nothing but power practice sessions at the start! :^)
and at the end, as they were the same time.
@Lid: There's minimal stakes, it's extending what could very easily be glossed over into a full scene, and it often doesn't offer much opportunity for character interaction or development.
buy some armor. wear it.
My primary concern with it as written would be that it might round out to be a lot of adding mechanical complexity but amounting to minimal change in how the game plays, other than the extra bookkeeping.
I was thinking on a similar line recently - basically, long campaigns tend to see/need player's ability set to expand or it gets dry - and my instinctive thought on the power front was adding things like sub-abilities, variations, Manton bonuses, etc. But that was just a very vague, "well, could do X" thing when considering other stuff.
Don't dump wits in a ColdGold game" I'm definitely dumping Wits in San Raul and nobody can stop me.
other than natural selection" Natural selection isn't a person and I'm going to get Nex'd anyway.
the only rumbling is my stomach
it's a secret.
OK new topic: I presume that shards are not generated? How do people figure out the true use of a power then?" They don't, because it's completely irrelevant to actual play.
Hey, Non. Would you say that Dexterity and Guts are the most valuable stats in WD right now?" Yes. Dexterity gives you +1/2 attacks/round, and Guts counts as defense for a lot of stuff. If I was rebuilding Nach or Akane or Zulfiqar or some other combat-oriented character, I'd lean heavily on Dex/Guts.
well, if I wasn't just pretending like that wasn't part of the system and waiting for 'bow to get rid of it.
Knowledge determines skill pip count.
The following are roughly equivalent in value: +1 to not taking damage; +1 to dealing damage; +1/2 (probably more like +1/3, but w/e) wound/round; +1 hit point and +1 to Guts rolls to stay conscious. But Guts and Dex currently do two of those, while Ath and Brawn only do 1. /Maybe/ Dex is okay (dubious) since it's offense, and offense gets worse the more enemies (as in a 1v1, you roll defense as much as offense, but in a 1v3, you roll defense 
much more), but even then, it's still substantially better than Brawn.
Oh, and the current way Withstand works kind of voids the whole question of "do I want more armor or more Ath"
since you can just pump Guts + armor and kinda ignore Ath.
I'd say even for Nach, it's kind of bad because if she was Withstand-oriented instead of Dodge-oriented she could wear much heavier armor.
I literally can't think of a time I've been called on to roll Ath to get/escape/etc somewhere.
if i haven't played x-com 2, does she look different?
There's references to US-CUI conflicts, so there's definitely overseas fighting still going on.
It's just "invulnerable, +3 Brawn, 10' reach" or something.
65 triggers by using atm
"X didn't like it and I said it was still usable" sounds like the description of a lot of terrible powers.
Artful Dodger/Flowing is unmodified attack roll. Autohit Thinker powers don't roll; if they roll, they're not autohit.
Artful Dodger/Flowing are specifically supposed to be better against people with high stats over people with high skills; 'bow gave the example of Batman versus Killer Croc.
Is breaky sword the same as resource-changer?
or are those two separate ideas
Something like, imbue weapon, add one boon from a list per round as a half action as stuff accretes, up to max of [3], lose a boon at random each time they strike, with a bonus related to the boon? re: bow's idea.
or maybe choose lost one
If anything, bows should probably shoot more than crossbows. Though I don't like how much stuff does (Dex/2) attacks a round. seems destined to make everything hyperlethal. arrows/bolts should probably be real bad against armor, as well.
@spelt: 
guns are a huge penetration step up over bows which is a big part of why we don't use bows any more.
and also why we don't use swords, since now we can actually shoot people and kill them rather than having to stab them in the face.
It's annoying enough to get a power with charges calibrated juuust right and then roll "more efficient," I don't want a power to suddenly become insanely OP/useless by some random roll.
i wasn't talking about neutrals
That's an issue with a lot of power luck, Non. It's kinda baked into the design philosophy of the game, it seems to me." I don't think so. Most of the power luck is fine. The ++/- things are really annoying in the "power level" regard, most of them enhance versatility (perks) or add conditionals (flaws) rather than straight adding power or reducing it.
bow did some guideline for Blasters. my bigger issue, and you can kind of see this even with the Blaster guide, is that the game doesn't have a lot of space for +/-s because it uses d6s; in the Blaster guide, this comes out as "+1 Wound with 1/3rd chance" or "+1 accuracy with conditional" and such.
wut
maybe as like, funny in that you owned him
by giving him a bad power
because he talked during gen.
It's game design related.
Point systems exist so you can make your own stuff. If you try making a power in WD for your own character once you know the system, it feels really bad because now you have to choose between optimization (+1 accuracy or +2? 40' or 60' range increment) and "fair play," which isn't a very good feeling.
I ran into that with Exalted 3e, where it expects you to homebrew stuff, but when you do, you're like, "well, should this power cost 4m for 5 Soak for one round? 3m? 5m?"
oh my god
terrible
@Pink: In that they last like five sessions?
I do think an advancement system is important to long-term play. The longer you spend with a certain set of abilities, the more you need new abilities to keep things fresh and prevent you from just sort of running on automatic and following the same general patterns. Nach, I think, would be resistant to this, but Lumen wouldn't because she's working for the same set of skills.
whereas Nach, each new mimicked power is different.
Sure he can. Just got to get them milestones.
To a given extent, Non, but I mean, I doubt every session Lumen's in is going to have her wailing on the same mercs in the same general environment" Yeah, sure, I'm not saying it would. But there's a point where it's like, "okay I use X for A, Y when B, Z when C," and a lot of the thinking gets streamlined.
even though she's got like six things she can do with her power
Good.
what else are you supposed to plan it around?
Skill advancement rules like "go to classes to get skills" encourage not doing anything interesting, which Khandhas losing skills because he was too busy doing interesting things (cape shit) is kind of demonstrative of.
Learns things by going to classes? Literally everybody here went to school I think.
even I went to school and I was homeschooled from 2nd grade to college.
no, he wants that 90s game design thing where you advance in specific skills by training them by using out-of-game time.
Getting better at punching people from punching people doesn't make sense either.
He's not. Saccade-
lol
iirc during a saccade you are functionally blind, yeah.
And if they twitch?
I mean, you could say, "if your gun is pointed at them, it hits them," but obviously that doesn't work either.
Your eyes twitch.
Which they do. Constantly.
My only issues with it aren't really related to consonance so much as the issue Pink's worried about, where it discourages doing "milestone-y" things that aren't your actual milestones.
I don't know how true that really is, Zane. Like, when I got here and we were using the "old" rulebook, was it really much more simple? The balance on guns was whack, but there was a bunch of equipment.
there were skills like there are now
D&D is meant to tell a story about adventurers conquering violent obstacles.
Well, yeah, Anti, but that's what D&D is about. arguably back when it was AD&D it was about adventurers stealing a bunch of money, since you got xp for gp rather than for killing monsters.
"murder for XP" is fine if your system is about murder, which D&D definitely is.
Milestones encourage personal, difficult goals which involve some element of risk and effort, which I feel fits WD generally, though I'm not sure about the /exact/ implementation, I'd say it's mostly on.
*and though
I actually don't.
not every game has experience points. just most long-running systems do. FATE, I guess, does not.
the issue is "sit there for six months bulking up" is really boring and if you reward people for doing it, they will. a big part of game design is aligning the rules so that optimal behavior is fun.
If you do that, then everybody will go into their back yard and shoot targets which is actually not very fun.
well it's alright irl.
but in an rpg, nah.
in theory and in PRACTICE.
WD games almost always take place in crunch time where practicing shooting in the back yard isn't going to be relevant.
@Words: I do think that all the Dex/2 stuff is edging too close to making you an inch from death at any time.
@Pink: I don't think that it's an issue of balance between players. It's a problem even in, like, Elder Scrolls games, where you grind for heavy armor by getting attacked by mud crabs or whatever. If you reward people for doing stupid boring shit, they'll do stupid boring shit, balance has nothing to do with it. (Or, in WD's case, do a bunch of boring bookkeeping.)
I don't like it for reasons unrelated to hard rules, Vern.
The milestone system is probably one of the most "good story encouraging" mechanics in WD at the moment.
hard to evaluate atm, since it hasn't come up like at all.
yeah but miserable but powerful characters are fun to play.
what is the topic at this point
oh yeah, social Thinkers. yeah they all suck.
Social characters and powers work great in Exalted 3e, because that actually has a pretty functional social system that you can muck around with in mechanical terms.
only 3e
2e and 1e are every stupid thing about rpg social mechanics
*Onyx Path
they died
no not really
Stand Tall... or Stand Small??
>implying that the United States will last that long
freezing to death, had the thing people freezing to death with paradoxical undressing, then triggered.
wasn't explicit where they were freezing to death.
also Scrags' cleveland character doesn't have a D, as far as I recall.
0
My ballpark figure is "strong enough to reliably beat a normie if they have initiative and apply it intelligently, not so strong as to require no thought to use efficiently or that requires specific counters to beat." (The latter is just for PCs.)
Are you thinking of Lumen?
Yeah, Lumen has multiple vision modes and a pretty strong Striker power.
Oh, that guy.
The guy who killed him just did vertical teleports.
Archival did a really deep read (retrocog at least, precog maybe?) of whatever area he observed, plus he had a Tinker secondary (from multitrigger) that he never got to use.
he was repeatedly stabbed.
Shem.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me.
in my experience, TheJ almost all RPG players are secretly about as superstitious as a 1st century Roman making sheep sacrifices to satiate the gods and ensure a good journey.
well, "secretly"
It's a damned random number generator, there's nothing you can do to predict or change it!
i did some dice testing once, 300 rolls or something, no biases large enough to notice anything.
with real, physical dice.
Sounds like it would result in the player coming up with some combo gimmick and then just only using that, effectively collapsing into them having some arbitrarily powerful ability.
if they're an NPC then whatever, I did something kind of similar. thought this was PC power.
Trump powers have a really bad [newbie attention]:[actual good powers] ratio.
Trumps are particularly bad.
Like, Thinkers and Strangers, lots of eh powers in there, but newbs aren't as interested. Tinkers, lots of newbie attention, but plenty of decent Tinkers.
like if i was in a draft with people irl and none of them knew how to make good powers i'd beeline it to the Master trigger and probably spend all my points on it rather than do the 1/2/3/4/5 thing.
they're more likely to make good Master powers than good Trump powers
Thinker/Stranger/Trump.
masters can be a pain because of action economy.
but that benefits me, the Master
it would work as well as you think.
one of the things that does kinda vaguely concern me about using WD as a tabletop game is that it encourages ganks. which doesn't matter in irc, since it's almost all 1 PC against the world, but i'd be vaguely concerned if you did a 4 PC game that everybody would just attack enemy A the first round, then enemy B the second, then enemy C the third, etc, until they're all dead.
is it though
Nice roll.
murder the applicants
accept all of them and when they don't show up strike them from the record
I don't think it means it removes the cooldown.
what the
what happened to the cooldown
Origammy.
Glassy
It depends on the specific power.
Well, the elements of your power are generally really blatant.
You want to hide other stuff.
Like, Lumen's name kind of implies her Thinker power, but it works just fine as a name for an electricity Striker type.
Purity, neither.
Crawler has something. Bestial.
Her power isn't to be racist though. Nor is Kaiser's power to be a 19th century Prussian monarch.
Sure?
I'd say Cog but you've got a way better Cog.
Artifice.
they're too long
Absurdian Entertainment.
to S&M
>13 year old
>not knowing what S&M is
especially in tyool 2012
Mosaic.
If you used the guns after other people used guns, or in specific very limited contexts (e.g. shooting a GG-type Brute), it's okay. Otherwise, it is not.
probably fine
your shard hates you for other reasons iirc.
weren't you just talking about this with anti
It definitely needs to be conflict.
WoG quote: "Shards might not be imaginative, but they aren't stupid, and they know a charade when they see one. The fighting rings or arenas or whatever else end up becoming powder kegs that lead to disaster (either in the small scale, like we saw with Hookwolf, or something far greater)."
Taylor thinks at her shard in canon, actually.
well yeah
people probably think hard at the shard a lot, as basically a soldier's prayer type thing. "C'mon, c'mon, work power, work goddamn you!"
keep in mind that Charm is of limited utility at getting people to do what you want.
It's not the size of the tusk, it's the torque of the maul.
Yes. [Lovers] wasn't bad in theory, but it basically was a pain in the ass to use." Why?
wait, which  one is this?
oh, you're talking about the Lovers advantage from old luck?
Hmm? What?
I guess.
Haven't been injured yet.
doing critburns is also simple :^)
No, they permanently lose a stat point every time they use their power.
#73
everything is now Dex/2
shoot even more
it means attacking Dex/2 times per round, because the system wasn't lethal enough already.
Anti, you doing a writeup, or you want me to?
claim
$help claim
$trigger 73
$trigger 72
$claim 72 Tallinn [Firlz] Burning touch and smokescreen defense.
$striker .8
$stranger .2
Blaster. "Little different from someone with a gun pointed at you."
Sense Thinker x Beam Blaster, maybe.
You're right, that is lazy.
Mix of hunter-killer Thinker and beam Blaster, maybe. Pick a target, hone in, enhanced/expanding info the longer it stays on, boosts to accuracy of mid-tier beam Blaster power.
Accuracy isn't as big a deal as DPS.
when
that guy was pure Thinker
Effect x Beam mid-tier Blaster power? With effect abstractly related to drugs, somehow.
Fires tight beam, can effect areas as well. Crackling energy effect, people hit are numbed (think parts of body falling asleep), areas become difficult to traverse. Thinker power requires focus, grants an enhancing "read" on an individual, granting certain bonuses.
That's really weak, Firlz.
Would be raw effect. I'm doing a writeup.
Only half the power, keep in mind.
Hmm?
Oh, I had a specific Thinker power in mind. Well, let me post my write-up.

Err. Should just be "Reading targets grants scaling effects"
I'm having a tough time deciphering what Words' idea is.
it means, hang on
Yeah.
Well, it's up to you.
We'd have to decide; my instinct would be to go with the "enhanced weapon skill" bit, since your Thinker/Blaster powers only set you up to beat somebody down, they don't actually beat people down.
$luck butcher
Hmm. Teller, you seeing this? Cashy clipped off the end of this, and Disparitas a little earlier.
Three (bonus) dots of Finesse with butcher knives, and wounds inflicted with them always scar?
Thematically aligned with power would probably be... spear? Javelin?
Extremely long lingering numbness would work.
Insomnia/Social. imo.
that's a real big pain to keep track of for an NPC
why not just call it "degrades at one level/day"
I can edit the writeup when the numbness extension thing gets defined.
I think it should be insomnia/social, since the power's very people-oriented.
(well, Social since the power's very people-oriented)
Insomnia because it feel subtle but appropriate.
I feel like there are other flaws that would fit that idea better.
doing division man.
well if you change your mine it wouldn't be much of a big deal to change it, so sure, why not.
*your mind
Faatus?
fatass?
Okay, Fatuus is insomnia/Social. if anybody wants to contest that then say something.

Added the Butcher bit and the Fatuus.
$claim 31 Tallinn [Turncoat] Blaster/Thinker, numbing beam blasts with no damage, and can read people for boosts.
$blaster .5
$thinker .5
Arson Iosif.
crazy ivan is a submarine technique, that's exactly the opposite of your power!
Arson Ionas
is somebody else getting genned or can I go play the indie instant classic "Brigador"?
rip to those who died, including Cashy.
Skin, scarring, being marked. Maybe a Striker emphasis for the Changer set abilities.
Wouldn't say so. Not really an intermixing of mental and physical.
Hmm. Maybe a cocooning sfx, to fit in with the scarring, and being "held" (like a fly in a spiderweb). Generate [material], coat self in it, can shape to an extent, maybe use flakes as effect.
Nah, not like that. More like... mmm... if the element is ice, they just wear ice armor. Same person underneath.
Shape ice armor, etc.
Ice wouldn't be appropriate, though.
Coal-type material would work, for hot poker bit of trigger.
Actually, what about metal cage, for the 'element'? Hmm.
The parahuman generates and shapes a shell of black rock, coating their body in its entirety. [A couple shaping options, a bonus or two.] The parahuman can throw the material, or scatter it in areas, or let it flake off as they walk. The parahuman can, at their will, ignite the rock they wear, which in turn ignites all the other bits of rock.
This causes a searing effect on their skin, somewhat painful (flavor only, no game effect), but granting them a pip of armor (from callouses, etc) that lasts for approximately six hours and is extremely visible. After it recedes, some scarring may remain.
thoughts? anyone here but me?
Yeah. And you could use them as crappy projectiles.
Let me do a writeup, then.
  <- look good?
Hmm. Sweep.
Tallinn.
Pretty weak.
Oh, maybe the rocks do something even when unignited.
Not a big deal, just like, idk, crappy lesser pierces when you walk over them.
"Enemies walking through rocky areas must make a DC 4 Dexterity check or take a Lesser Pierce (to feet); enemies running or unaware must make a DC 6 Dexterity check, instead, or take a Lesser Pierce." ?

y'all didn't claim
$claim 10 Tallinn [AceOfSpade] Coats self in coals, and ignites them in wake.
$changer .6
$brute .2
$shaker .2
what does the player do other than wander around near other people
Hmm. Negate x Regen, possible Shaker element, maybe push their wounds off on nearest person (max 20'), 1/round. Little passive, though.
what, wait for a dice roll for your power to do anything?
Very unsatisfying feeling to have victory/defeat rely entirely on when you roll good.
Entirely passive, Firlz.
why bother though
that feels really Master-y
having the guy with parasites get parasite generating powers also seems really knifeface.
it is when the class is Master and the power you're making is (space whale magic) parasites for a guy who has parasites.
Hmm. Actually, I have an idea, building off Ellardy's.
messed up.
Parahuman is Brute, +4 to Brawn. Cannibalistic manifestation of regeneration; eating human flesh heals one Wound/round spent doing so, once an [arm/leg/etc] is grabbed, can eat as a free action while doing other things.
Negate x Regen and "you drank the wrong water."
Fresh-ish.
Nah.
yeah, they could, Ace. if they want their shard to punk them, that is.
I feel like someone should have said this was awful and made a better suggestion by now.
should be #26, spelt.
well my wound sender was shaker/breaker. not that thematic with the trigger, though.
It's 26
IT IS 26
I claimed 10 because you guys did not.
Do not claim 27. 27 is a different trigger.
brute primary, changer/shaker secondary.
it's not Stranger
what
okay, wait for the actual writeup
hard to evaluate what %s without it.
$claim 26 Tallinn [Zene] Light Brute package with Shaker effect that coats battlefield in "creep" and sessile constructions, useful as reflexive defense.
I think it just means the third one is pretty meh.
"increases the difficulty of the check (from 5 to 4 to 3, etc)" ?
that seems the wrong way around.
$brute .4
$shaker .6
Uh, Blaster?
Striker, maybe
Holy crap, you're right. It's master. Betrayal by the hero. Your father not being there. The villain betraying you. /s
Three/Null, Three/One.
Energy whipcord that acts as vector for power theft.
This isn't a Master trigger.
Imbues weapons, ammunition, with exotic effects. Initially just has 2-3 options. Each time they defeat an enemy parahuman, they get a new imbuement option (reduced chance if you beat them with a team), expanding their variety of choices.
New option derived from defeated parahuman.
"Your father tries to urge you to leave, but the hero fighting is one that's featured prominently on the posters in your room. A once in a lifetime chance to see them in action that you just can't pass up."
Does the javelin do anything to unpowered people?
what does Counter do here? I'm really unclear.
wouldn't it already do those things
$claim 44 Tallinn [CupofCoffee] Generates javelins useful as melee/ranged attacks, cause power feedback/spillage.
$trump .4
$blaster .3
$striker .3
actually
$trump .2
$blaster -.1
$striker -.1
Firlz has the lame burn touch; Turncoat has the effect Blaster/deep read Thinker; Ace has the coalskin Changer; Zene has Creep Pharoah; CoC has javelin Trump.
yes.

and Catfish said he was fine with the (96 / roll) thing so don't blame me.
"Victim makes an Endure (Guts) roll at end of encounter. Numbness fades by one point after every (96 / the result of the roll) hours, rounding to the nearest half-day unless the result is <12 hours."
(was for the Butcher perk)
yeah but it could just be "fades by one point every day" which is even easier
ree to you too
actually it's not all good. we decided we hate you now and you are henceforth exiled.
why would you use Call of Cthulhu for a medieval fantasy game.
[05:55:11] * Pink has quit (Ping timeout: 181 seconds)
so yeah, almost 3 hours on the dot.
isn't it y'all
you'll seems grammatically inaccurate, while y'all is correct in this context.
sounds like he should learn to speak english.
WDAU idea: take a migration period TL from alternatehistory.com and add parahumans.
Parahumans can just stomp their way through palace politics. That's why migration period would be best, strength is everything.
With a multitrigger you can include a couple.
Less interesting/nuanced sub-powers.
god, four powers all from the exact same stimulus. cripes.
I'd probably do an exotic Brute package (more like a mixing of a couple different Brute powers - think maybe a bit like Browbeat, with both biokinesis and touch-tk) with a Shaker secondary.
I don't think there's any requirement to do it one at a time.
For primary, what I was thinking: Forcefield shell, protects front from almost all damage, no protection for attacks from rear (from sides, -1 penalty). Attacks that hit shield cause explosive counterattack, close range shotgun blast of forcefield splinters (~15', cone).
They got hit on their front.
Could be back, but I think that'd be too weak.
anyway, here's what I got for my Brute/Brute/Brute/Shaker: 
If it wasn't a multi, putting it on side/rear would be fine, because presumably they'd have lesser armor on other side/front, but with a multi, that feels a little too strong for the (somewhat reduced intensity) primary.
Aye.
It's part of a multi so you can mix in more active powers.
I had a bit more development, CG|Impetus : 
going with my "weird Brute package + secondary Shaker idea."
_seen PsychoGecko
The primary, I think. With Teller's model.
@Turncoat: Yes. Trigger #58.
Invulnerability was my thought.
/Maybe/ regenerating armor.
I wasn't using Teller's idea.
Was thinking in terms of, "very Brute trigger, maybe shades of Shaker, everybody's here getting hit, so... B/B/B/S"
For mine, if we're going with it, should there be a mix one?
well i'm trying to figure one out.
The one that's a "mix," touching on shared themes. Like, in the Char Creation booklet, there's a 4x3 table for a triple trigger, bottom row is "shared secondary" element.
specifically "Low brute rating (Strong) / Low brute rating (Tough skin) / Low brute rating (Hyper-slippery skin)"
Feels like most appropriate would be something Shaker-y, but shouldn't overlap too much with black hole bomb.
well Brute with Shakery vector is then stepping on the force field shell's toes
Hmm. I can almost see that; a 'wrecking ball' projectile.
Maybe go for something in (W3's) vein, but more environmental, actually. A Shaker(/Striker?) effect that weakens stuff and makes it easier to break through, Manton-limited?
I don't think the tert's supposed to be particularly worse than the other secondaries.
Well, the tert derives from the overarching situation, not necessarily the powers.
'bow did a multitrigger on r/parahumans or summat, let me find it real quick.
 "They also get a power that ties into the connection between them. Something secondary that both of them share. A shaker trigger, based on the fact that they're in this dark, scary place. An aura."
Pulse aura.
Secondary: Shaker. “Pulse aura.” Every other round, [effect] on enemies in 20’ radius around self. ?
Or every third, or whatever. Would depend on how strong [effect] is.
Hmm. Pushing actually isn't so bad.
Secondary: Shaker. “Pulse aura.” Every other round, pushes others in 10’ radius around self back to be 10’ away, staggering them if they don’t make an Ath check (DC 4).
won't that require the gm to constantly keep track of which direction is *thinks* east?
well the sun rises in the east and we have to be rotating towards it, right?
yeah but the GM has to keep track of it
They're pre-turned down.
@Thal: You mean with the pulse aura?
well if it's further than that his shotgun cones won't do anything
Well, they can turn it off.
I get what you're saying.
Not sure it's really worth the extra bookkeeping, though.
Alright. I guess that's it?
Profundum.
Nick, you there?
$seen Nick
rip nick
slain by his own hubris.
"Secret Town has been noted for its unusual place name." Secret Town not so secret after its name attracts attention.
serk
Sure.
$luck ruin
Huh. Bad luck I guess.
experiment... failed.
let's just start rolling other people's powers while we wait for Nick to come back
$claim 58 Secret Town, CA [Nick] Force field shell (front only, reflexive defense shotgun spray) primary with a couple secondary Brutes and Shakers. Very deliberate focus.
$brute .7
$shaker .3
doesn't change for luck
problem?
...it occurs to me I could just link the gdoc as a description.
feels familiar.
yes BUT I remember it being a 'bow trigger.
ah. roll luck.
Up to CG.
what city does turncoat run
$claim 32 Pittsburgh [Jacknife] Shadow manipulation, grants stealth, tk, and light Thinker ability to track others by their shadows.
$stranger .7
$master .2
$thinker .1
Anti needs to reroll his trigg,r and nick needs to reroll his power perk.
do $power perk
lol
even worse for a multitrigger
You need to reroll your trigger, that one was used.
Big, smashy Shaker with a secondary effect that works for Mover.
I think so too. WDSingapore. Not sure about if it got finalized. Heiro?
isn't here
It was definitely rolled.
Breaker (Brute/Trump)
It's physical damage, just a very esoteric kind. So Breaker (Brute)
probably Three/Four, for Trump. pita.
or maybe Four/Five.
Breaker/Trump. Parahuman has a basic Breaker state which is “colorless,” a few options (Brute-esque, Shaker-esque, ?-esque), no strong sfx. Can “flavor” by mimicking other parahumans.
You client doesn't understand quotation marks.
@Words: Breaker/Trump. Parahuman has a basic Breaker state which is "colorless," a few options (Brute-esque, Shaker-esque, ?-esque), no strong sfx. Can "flavor" by mimicking other parahumans.
It can, and probably should, be more than one.
No, would pick one of three options.
Oh, Two, for the healer.
You're right. Stranger.
attempt at writeup: 
@Turncoat: No. If they're in Brute form and they hit a pyrokinetic, now they have white hot polyhedrons. If they switch to Stranger, still white hot polyhedrons, but hard. Set's available even vs. non-paras.
Let me clarify absorption.
Because you effectively can't attack.
Mm. Wouldn't say so. Maybe no damage even when hit would be better, to make that more sensible.
Guess not.
If I could come up with a logical reason for Churn's damage to only work as reactive. Alas.
When standing still, churn is “tight” enough that enemies who attack unarmed suffer Lesser Cuts to relevant limbs.
Hmm. Skeleton might be a bit too strong.
1.
Scramble.
Reduced Brute effect a little. Hopefully isn't /too/ OP.
Look good, CG?
Inshallah.
Yes.
Well, not hit in torso.
So, I get hit in torso. My next action is a half-action. I get hit again in torso. Forced out. So somebody could theoretically beat me up without dishing out multiple attacks in a row.
Mm. Cuts people up. Maybe? Make a Dex roll or something to do it without hurting them.
Less Cuts if you fail.
It's a really strong defensive ability but you can still get messed up without the enemy specifically trying.
$moderate pierce head
Not really.
$tell Heirophant Hey, dragonkid11 got his power finished, yeah?
It's Thal's favorite life perk.
_seen Heirophant
Oh, I can't spell.
_seen Hierophant
your uhh Singapore guy
who went hiking
did that happen
yes but you have a character/power
he's... wave-making geodude?
$claim 51 Singapore [dragonkid11] Geokinetic generates waves in ground, stronger the closer.
$shaker 1
Alright. How to handle More Oomph.
and -versatility.

3 different forms
Oh, make the change take longer than a half-action would be -vers
lol
I italicized them so they're easy to remove. Not really sure anyway, whether they're better than the versatility hit is worse.
Antioch?
it's basically done, we just need anti to reroll his power perk
lemme claim
$claim 41 Secret Town, CA [Antioch] Breaker with three states (Brute/Shaker/Stranger), "acquires" elemental flavoring as a Trump.
$breaker .5
$trump .5
cg was saying to reroll your power perk.
(said extremely patiently and not through gritted teeth)
alright let's kill Antioch and Nick for burning like an hour not rolling stuff.
brb 20min
made doc commentable in case Anti reappears in the meanwhile
It's being proven again and again over the course of this power gen.
alright so can Thalia go
Changer, Thinker.
Cancer Boy and Cancer Gal
Changer/Thinker. turns into a moose and speaks moose.
the moose symbolizes how beaten to death this joke is.
Hmm. Maybe build out of "inhuman, impossible courage." Changer state has a power set that encourages reckless aggression but doesn't actually provide durability.
cripes these fuckers are all Brutes.
Hmm. Aggression Changer? Power scales up when they're in danger but not hit, and when they hurt their opponents.
Mm.
Hyperagile ghoul state. Boosts to Brawn/Ath, increasing rush each time they strike someone, dwindles swiftly outside of fights. No increase in defense, besides the Ath.
Boosts to move speed/Ath, probably. I'd want to give it some secondary, so it's got more to do then just attack attack, though.
I'm thinking maybe a vampiric flavoring to the Changer state, tying into ghoul thematics. Claws rake, draw blood, and that gives a pool of charges they can use for... something.
Then again, Thal already had a hemokinetic.
Oh, the Thinker idea is nice.
Yeah.
Set goal, get # dice based on difficulty of goal, roll them out and draw on them as you like to progress towards goal. If they take an action not related to the goal, enemy's player gets to pick the dice to roll. When pool is exhausted, reroll; if goal is accomplished, remaining dice lost.
"pick the dice to roll" should be "pick the results to use"
Maybe an option to turn bad dice good if they do something conflict-y, to encourage aggression.
I suppose.
Oh, I know. Change from goal-setting, to getting into fights. Bigger fight = bigger pool. Punking out = enemy gets to use your bad rolls.
probably physical confrontation, hard to define a "social fight," and the pool sizes would probably need to be different.
Maybe gets to hold onto excess dice out of combat, can use to replace bad rolls?
He had to reroll twice because he got Evolution and Vastare on a multitrigger with five powers.

Well,
It would, ironically, be easier to bookkeep at the table - write down the results and cross them off as they're used.
Yes, you replace skill dice.
So you can shove off your 1s by doing things you're good at.
@Tell: Yeah, I wasn't feeling Changer power mixing with this.
I think that's the general model being used for precog variants right now.
Are people feeling it? Not? I'm not 100% on it myself.
Only physical combat. You use excess dice for social combat, if you dare.
@Nick: You got his writeup? I mean, if it's just the dice trick, that's fine I think, but if it's more than that, maybe back to drawing board.
yeah
non-combat dice go back into your pool when you enter combat
so if you had 6,5,3 lying around, and entered a serious fight, you have 6,5,3, plus, idk, 6 dice if it's an equal.
Hmm.
Maybe you should just dump them when you enter a fight.
*real fight
Yeah. If they're lost, you could maybe lose a couple 6s, but if it's only real fights, well, you can get some more.
You would love that.
lol
--oomph, now it's 3-5-7-9-11-13
Hmm. Interesting thought.
Bad.
I'm only shooting you with rockets as a joke.
It would add complexity for not much gain. Also I think 5 is a really small pool for this kind of power.
though who knows
maybe i'm wrong and CG will need to tick the pool size down.
like, two dice is basically, your power isn't even doing anything at that point.
Anyway. ColdGold, you feeling it or nah?
Sounds right, Teller.
It doesn't.
Iunno.
I guess you'd just use the dice?
oh jeez this + critical = nasty alpha strikes

Hrm.
It's strong.
Just say it doesn't work for crap like Critical's confirm.
Alright I added "PS: It doesn’t work for confirming Critical’s gib."
oh wait
Critical just deals 2x damage
meh
well
are you doing "everybody attacks 2x per round"
then doing 2x Wounds once or twice per fight is probably fine.
Alright, then I think we're good?
Hrm.
That's not really sweep.
Also, would change it from "really good" to "broken," because you can use all the bad dice on your enemies.
Hmm.
Minor TK?
Telekinesis and precognition are both psionic powers.
Would also probably be pretty raw utility.
which fits with precog/skill-variant Thinker.
Secondary: Can telekinetically manipulate an object of their choice within 20’ of them that they can see. They do this as though they had a single hand/arm, with Brawn 2. ?
#29
Apprehensive really fits the trigger, too.
Much better than fucking Evolution and Vastare on a quintuple powerset.
Wasn't really coming together.
oh yeah
$claim 29 Secret Town, CA [Thalia] Dicepool precog, encouraged to wound, punished for retreating/backing down.
$thinker 1
You're actually all really good at defense.
aye. let me grab the powers.
Nick's was a damn quadruple multitrigger.
The quadruple trigger one was interesting. I'm curious how 'bow would have handled it.
4 minors and one secondary, really.
 ,  & 
Nick is a very deliberate Brute.
Anti is basically invulnerable.
well, at least if they're OP, they're all OP.
It's a secret experiment.
They're trying to figure out if they call something an experiment, can they get away with wasting three triggers on a game that never materializes?
I know.
also letting the chatvknow
Lucky all the triggers work so good for second gens.
err
kids
It would actually be even easier than that with physical dice. You just literally take fifteen physical 6 sided dice and dump em out.
leave em there
"You die."
I like making multitriggers. It means you get to make the kind of crappy, weak/hard to use/situational/passive powers that this chat sometimes makes, except you're not saddling some poor schlub with a garbage character in the process.
Probably none.
I mean, the gain is just you can have people write down when they're available, rather than asking them and taking notes. But the major bottleneck is that a lot of people are flakes, so I doubt it'd do much good.
well I mean. particularly on #WeaverDice. my Saturday gaming group almost all always shows up an hour+ early.
Normally I do themes with the power/costume/name coming together. Not sure how I'd do that here. " Pick a weapon. Get skills/costume/etc that work with the weapon well. Pick a name that themes off it.
Was thinking baseball bat/brawl/slugger, or katana/finesse/samurai, but you do you.
Not for me.
Use bagh naka and have a tiger themed costume and go with, uhh, Tigress.
See, Firlz is a great play tester because he literally is the player who will do the most optimal thing no matter how annoying or boring it is.
So OOG is like, I hit a milestone, I want skills, so I dedicate timeslots to Practicing?
It's still in the example.
so holding cards doesn't do anything until you get an aug/power perk?
I feel like the boost from spending a card is insanely crappy compared to a perk or augment, then.
like... maybe if I rolled Style 3x or something.
"Finally, If the character doesn’t like any of the available options, they can spend the card and default to the following:"
@iri: 
I assume it's supposed to be the same for - yeah.
Yeah, by sacrificing three perks.
or augs
What I assumed.
I assumed perks/flaws are getting overhauled at some point.
I can, easily.
he's a Breaker (Master), ignore Firlz's autism.
apparently khandhas does not know twf no gf since his player doesn't even understand the concept.
Hmm. It does seem like efficiency/essence is/would be the booster most likely to cause issues. Both from a "remove the interesting choices" angle (more charges/shorter cooldown mean more spammable means less deliberation), and from a simple "what does 'one boost' mean?" angle (if my power has a 3 charge pool, say, and use the 1/6 rounds Essence boost, what does that do?).
then do it as like, the trials and tribulations of a law student.
so what
*bursts into chat half an hour late* D&D is bad.
Hmm? Oh, you meant as three questions.
I remember that power getting genned and I don't think the GM was particularly opposed.
even though it is insane and dumb
from roll to $luck: 
Yes, it's Clarity.
for player capes, anyway.
It was a Thinker power to know what to say to chill people down, and what to say to make them angry, only the former sucked. I think.
before my time
There's probably a worse one out there.
Old capes were sometimes ridiculously OP and other times unplayably bad.
Or both.
Visage is a double dose of bad. Firstly, I was in a game with him and he apparently was a really strong social Thinker, and secondly, how his power worked encouraged doing boring crap.
weird that I would not want you to mind control my character.
Don't think that's what I said.
I don't know how old counts.
lol
No, Steve is 37th Stratagem.
Screen was pretty good, she was old luck.
Screen/Mistral. rip.
My Berlin power was not good, had to get edited to be at all passable, and I never played the character.
Striker wrap stuff in bubbles with some insane math bullass on how big the bubbles could be. Not big enough to use on people, only good as a reflexive defense at first (catch projectiles), no real offense whatsoever and a pretty situational/weak defense.
something like 1 square meter total surface area? or one cubic meter volume?
Might have been alright but Berlin is a totalitarian hellhole where you're not allowed to own a crossbow.
Didn't play for different reasons.
Dodger's the Shaker push one right?
not when the guy makes 16 bullet shots in one round.
Energy-based means fire, laser beams, explosions, etc. Versus physical which means clubs, chainsaws, crushing, etc.
Would assume more effects that aren't dice roll related but situational/requiring setup, Turncoat.
Not particularly. Other than that maybe it doesn't do anything if you're up against unpowered? But it's not quite clear on that, and I'd assume there's *some* effect against normies.
Looks good to me, beyond /maybe/ having to keep count of 2d3 rounds. Probably not a huge deal, though.
I think he means dodge-only, no block.
Hollow spheres that get filled.
who cares, it's his game, he doesn't want to have 2x flaws, so what.
I was talking more to Mish than you.
Oh, 'bow, I had a question about how you'd handle a multitrigger. It already got genned for, so it's just curiosity on multitriggers where you kind of have a cluster of triggers that are (implied-to-be) similar. It's used 501.
"you trigger alongside three other victims caught in the blast"
I don't see what the point of mentioning them is if they're not supposed to be triggering.
The fashion they're mentioned in isn't how you would describe it if it was intended to establish lethality. It doesn't say something like "you notice three bodies near you as you bleed out"; it talks about it in an abstract and impersonal sense. There's also no particular reason to note the exact # if it's not intended to be a multitrigger. While you could read it as a single, individual trigger, I don't think that's the authorial intent.
Yes, which is why I'm asking 'bow how he would handle the trigger. I think it got a nice power in the end.

it's because of the implications about tubes being a drunkard.
Out of nowhere" That literally happened in canon though. When Coil's using grenades, Skitter just suddenly out of nowhere learns to understand people's voices with her bugs... right after she not-quite-saves Dinah, coincidentally.
Uh... not really? She practiced, I'm sure, but it was a "can't to can," not a consequence of specific practice. Literally the previous chapter (well, skipping the interlude) she talks about "listening" and "swarm sense" as two separate things.
*she practiced with her powers
it's 16.11 when she starts being able to understand people talking through her bugs. her senses climb in efficacy in big chunks, iirc, and not really as a consequence of specific practice.
It seems like - especially when you take into account perks/flaws that include vertical movement (Evolution, Apocrypha, etc) - Worm powers do just kind of tick up via conflict rather than practice.
like, Jack's so dangerous because his shard loves him (because he's a violent psychopath), not because he practiced blades so much.
@CG: Mm. Would depend on the original power, and given how luck works, would probably be minor. But Brute, in particular, wouldn't be that hard, I think. Playpen's Changer stuff now incorporates mild armor, Purple Parrot can ignore a lot of debuffs by mimicking uninjured people (ala Black Knight), Pioneer's bodysuits/costumes/etc become better defensively, etc.
*now can incorporate
Don't think it would be particularly worse than trying to attach power perks/flaws to already finished powers, which can be a pain as-is sometimes (Evolution/Vastare on the quadruple trigger, Sweep on a Thinker, etc).
It's part of her power.
@CoC: It's the other way around for Leet.
I should be free that day, yes.
Mark
Stepan.
oh, Estonia.
Mihkel.
Anti, I never saw you confirm, are you up for San Raul this afternoon?
Cool.
did you come up with any matching names or you just want to go with Cocoon/Metamorphose, Anti?
metapod and kakoona
*kakuna
anyone in chat got any ideas. i know they'll all be terrible but might as well ask.
Mothnah.
Because we're obviously two capes and the consequence of that would be that people would think we're a duplicator and thus try to kill me.
Imago's pretty good, actually, is that taken?
Poopa.
Sucks to be you, Anti.
is the +1 from Charm a +1d, a +1 pip, or a +1 static bonus?
yeah
Social 4, Charm 4, Sex Appeal Specialty, No Items, Final Destination.
isn't empathy kill
the changer list isn't finished. dang.
I'd assume fast melee versus Moth's reach and Scarab's bulk.
jesus, Scarab can just give a ton of HP.
alright so if i'm doing this right if I make the form I want I will have 9 Wounds + Armor. get ready to rock.
+2 Armor only vs. Ranged.
I don't think so, no.
My laptop booped but it's like, frozen or w/e. let me look.
I think it finally unfroze.
Yeah.
lol "Yeah... you did."
why would... one... hope... that.
it's in the trigger
actually it's probably non-shared environment.
god do you do this irl anti.
he's literally one year old.
why is this baby so whiny! and why does it poop so much! bad mother!
I cannot.
Christ. A one year old cries. You'd think he was an axe murderer or something.
My power is to turn into a grotesque insect-woman monstrosity.
Is the aesthetic supposed to be grotesque Dark Souls/Bloodborne style insect/human hybrid with chitin covering a stretched and distorted human form, or just straight up bug?
what if i doubt Randall Munroe.
time for me to Nex my way into making the Elite hate us.
Nice roll, Anti.
Wow, don't blame me for collaborationism, I'm sure they would have taken over the country with or without me.
Oh, he could turn into a giant car sized beetle?
what the hell
we haven't even made any real decisions yet
blaming the victim much?
No, I can't imagine that, Ace.
How long does the Greater Cocoon take, CG? It doesn't say. I assume noncombat time, like a minute or whatever?
never attack a tinkers lair while the tinker is there" Coward.
Oh, I assumed we had to do the flesh/cloth rip thing for greater transformation. I mean it's called greater cocoon.
welp
I'll be fine, I have like nine HP
My loadout is extremely close to the writeup for The Monster (in Notes) except I didn't go for Unfolding Form so -2 Wounds and -1 Brawn, and not a car.
Car sized! Cripes!
Much like you.
k
lol you also went for Blind Chitin. guess we won't be seeing anything more than 75' away.
Oh, good.
No, he can see fine (still has normal eyes), I'm the one who's got the weird senses.
I can transform back.
Well,
I can transform into a human.
Maybe eventually back.
Good thing I have an identical twin sister, Ace. ;)
That's my child you're talking about.
Bitch.
Man, I decided not to get unfolding just because of concerns about fitting, and Anti does this. le sigh.
I'm calling you girthy.
Impressive.
That's what impressed me.
I shall.
cars
It sounds like a great idea.
Maybe I'm your grandmother. Bitch.
Maybe your dad is the one copying me.
Whoa. This is a Tinker lab?
I didn't realize with the forcefield and the holograms and all.
I was doing the Greater Shell thing.
So it's just the temp layer of armor, I assume.
It was a mook, yes.
why would we pity you for something you did to yourself.
I beat my head in with a sledgehammer. Pity me.
it is wd but you drive around.
it's like Final Fantasy 15.
It is.
Lily is incapable of accurately assessing risks, so here we go.
Severe, undiagnosed manic episode.
does it count as ranged?
((Habit.))
lol
I'd only do that if I was actively having issues with players taking too long.
Maybe I could be your waifu tonight?
Hell you're getting rid of your current guy, might as well set up a backup.
okay it's getting really late for me.
sounds good to me
was good
I should've gone for Unfolding Form. I just thought, "well, a car-sized scarab won't really fit," but then in comes Anti.
do you have hairy setae, anti?
I was just thinking that we're on the 9th floor and there are windows on the 9th and 10th, sooo.
it's on my sheet
veeery bottom
of Notes
""Anime girls don't gt mad at me. And they won't look at me weird because of one of my dad's bombs ruined a bunch of people's lives thank you very much. You should give them a try" Artisan says." lol
but also 

+  is anti's once we split
boohoo
that reminds me, everyone was insulting my child earlier, and they're going to get what's coming to them.
I've never tried Gurps, myself, but WD isn't quite as hyperlethal these days." When was it more hyperlethal?
How so?
Oh, well, I guess there used to be death wallops.
Headshot's still in, basically.
When I think of the uptick in hyperlethality I think of everything getting Dex/2 attacks a round now, but lots of people ignore that.
More that it effectively reduces combat length by 1/3 or even 1/2 really easily, than that it's abusable.
@Pink: pretty much every item in the Items/Equipment section has a (Dex/2) attacks per turn option.
42% chance of that with 3 dice.
she said "up to 7" at minimum. which is a goofy way of expressing that concept, to be sure.
"Only one melee skill can be used at a time"
though crit says only two.
yeah but you only die if you lose combat.
You're as much of a glass cannon as anyone else without a decent defensive investment. And making a decent offensive or defensive investment is very build-consuming.
The wound table has gotten a bit more restricted (thank Christ), and Critical is not particularly good unless you have, like, Spotlight Head's power.
Depends on how much focus they're going to get.
They don't exist, Foss.
None can access the old driving skill.
Except bow.
Oh, might be in the old rulebook, yeah.
It's in the old rulebook.
I'm not a big fan of vertically extending the damage range, in general; one of the things I thought was really clever when I first came into WD was having pip based HP where every attack deals 1 damage with [effect], so you get flavor represented in mechanics as you're wounded, but also it makes it impossible to die in the first round of combat (this was before I was really aware of like, Headshot and Walloped and such).
the new skills that have not been updated with +1d and such are the same as the old skills.
WD, like a lot of other RPGs, can be divided into Social/Combat/Etc. Etc tends to wane to not be particularly important and extremely peripheral to overall ability of characters to accomplish their goals and the ability of the GM to challenge and impede the players in such a way that overcoming it is interesting and fun.
if i gave myself web browsing +1d and math +1d who gives a shit. neither of those will come up basically ever.
Then you would be adding irrelevant information that doesn't matter.
Craft (Sewing) would actually effect your combat abilities, though, since it would influence your costume's quality.
wow. giving yourself Know 4. real big head over here.
yeah, i'm pretty cool, i'm like, a 5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5.
anyone who has ever taught college knows some 2-know dingdongs.
wits 1 is like, blind or retarded or something.
worse than blind
"A one is considered disabled or deficient enough that others will notice in casual interaction."
Wits is sensory. Severe autism people experience extreme reactions to mild stimulus and have difficulty reading other people.
a 10... on a 100 scale!
@Olive: They might, but in general they will notice less because they will be distracted by unimportant things, so they get a penalty but they still roll a dice. Also "severe autism" is probably meant to mean, you know, the guy who can't talk, refuses to eat solid food, etc.
wait a second... Islam isn't a race!
so what
just make some up. wth.
intredasting
just steal it from a board game
No.
If by calculus you mean integrals and derivatives there is literally no reason to involve those in an rpg.
And I say this as somebody who loves Hero System, the game where the rules regularly make you multiply and divide by fractions during chargen.
Nach, upon Cwn getting stabbed in the butt whilst on the toilet by the ghost of Mortal Lock: "Good." (at line 470)
the whilst makes it
sad.
Anti Nona wanna finish up tomorrow?" Sure.
what power did iri get genned.
? did you rr the $pc?
what's up
alright. turns into a moose and speaks moose.
yeah
i just skimmed mostly.
why is this random
No.
Anti's Breaker/Trump.
Yes, but that doesn't mean it varies randomly.
If I have a gun with hollow points, armor piercing rounds, and normal rounds, that's not random.
?
Oh. Turns into pile of polyhedrons, Brute option (humanoid, attacks, hard to break out of), Shaker option (slow-moving aoe), Stranger option (desolid).
Yeah.
There's also, mmm, Uppercut. Probably some others.
I barely understand the concept.
You, Ellardy, and Words's names are all the same color on my client
so it's a pain to skim the logs
your names are different lengths at least, but yeah.
it's not retroactive
Hmm. I feel like it's not pure Stranger (leaving aside Trump). Maybe Stranger with Striker/Shaker shades?
No?
I'll screw with whatever I like.
It's similar to Ravel's trigger. But more emphasis on unwanted attention over physical trauma.
I have something. Not a huge fan of it, though. One/Four. Emphasis on Changer, Shaker angles in manifestation. Element drawn from other power, earthen. Wreathes self in a layer of earthy particulates, sandy/dusty. Has [pool] points, can spend 1-for-1 for a few options: short-lived aoe debuff, cling/grapple, close range defensive smokescreen (can be activated reflexively on being attacked/struck), etc.
Alexandria package and flying artillery are common types in canon but they can result in not particularly fun to play powers if you don't take the time to give them a twist.
Wouldn't say Breaker, Foss. There's a Brute element, an arguable Master element, but they're not really tied together that closely.
Hmm. Since people are feeling Master, thought - Brute primary (tbd), passive Master secondary that has psychological effects.
who cares. stab him. shoot him.
Not sure about the exact numbers, but seems fine overall.
passive
Yeah. Say, one or two pips of armor, and one or two health for "minion."
Oh, and doesn't regen in two rounds, that's too fast.
Three or four, I'd say. Maybe a little higher, if you want to tilt more towards Master. Yeah, let me.
I'd actually say scales should be rock, rather than forcefield, though - forcefield's a little generic, and the element fits the trigger.
Oh, wait, limbs?
Right. But are they... attached?
k.
[Generates] armor shell of Mica-like material. Stacks up to two armor slots, can "sacrifice" a slot to create a tk pseudo-minion (operate as extension of parahuman). For each armor slot on self, +2 Brawn; for each armor slot in minion, 2 Brawn, 1 armor (effective Dex/Ath equal to para's Wits). Can have one minion with 4 Brawn, 2 armor, or two with 2 Brawn, 1 armor, etc. When either self or minion are damaged, armor regens on self after four 
rounds, one layer at a time (so eight rounds for full regen).
Yeah, snakescale in there too.
No, I didn't write it in, I just should have.
Yes. Limblike minions.
If they regrow in 4 rounds after being sent out, parahuman has effectively infinite minions.
And that if your character doesn't win they don't have a story." *extremely belatedly, rushing into the chat* Yeah, because they're dead.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me.
Monkeys hooting at the moon is a much better phrasing, frankly.
he thought you shoved dice up your bum, tubes.
how will you know whether you can get dice magic from shoving them up your bum, unless you shove them up your bum?
you guys didn't claim, uhhh, jacknife's (?) trigger. good lord.
if you think it's a pain to claim it ten hours after the fact, think of how much a pain it would be to claim it in two months when somebody rerolls that trigger.
No you didn't.
$trigger 67
this one
Thinker .5/Trump .5?
$thinker .5
$trump .5
If I was to give advice for making Stranger triggers, Foss, it would be to not make pure Stranger triggers, but combine with other classes a bit.
other classes which aren't Tinkers or Trumps.
Tinkers because for some reason people keep interpreting basically any Stranger trigger as a Tinker/Stranger, because any unwanted emotional attention sufficient to trigger probably involves lots of backstory, and Trump because... well.
uhh
507 isn't the most recent.
no wait.
are you doing it in PMs?
are you already halfway done?
80 is the stranger trump... somehow.
$claim 80 Pittsburgh [Jackknife] Parahuman hunter who steals parts of powers from kills.
okay. so. fuck! don't do this shit in pms.
alright. 79 is the summer camp guy that became a brute.
what game is that for and who's the player
please don't claim and unclaim in pms, especially in this kind of situation.
No, you can't try anything.
that would be shaker
the creeplord?
that trigger is specifically working from the shard more than the event.
you walk free for like, the day. then tomorrow it's back to fighting.
I don't think that's really a thing.
Cover or concealment?
it says that the father would probably trigger as a Breaker
Honestly, I don't think shards would help. One of the issues, I think, is "noise". When you have two or three major things you need to synthesize together, you can make something really good - with four or five, it tends to wind up noisy and bad.
$used 22
wow. i expected it to be short.
why would you do that
yes I can see that
well anyway. Is the power this trigger makes going to be improved by shoehorning in "oh, btw, your shard does biokinesis crap"? No. It's going to be
worse
it's going to be something stupid for it.
Less evocative, less interesting.
Because this isn't a Brute trigger?
Because that's an incredibly generic power? Because it doesn't have any thematic resonance with the trigger?
the number of restrictions matter. you're already operating under restrictions, working from a trigger.
well i mean. you could.
Bullseye is power/damage, Aim is accuracy/sniping.
People actually treat Wits as a dump stat and that's terrifying to me." That's because it is.
A dump stat, that is.
brawn and wits are both dump stats
True.
whatcha rolling, Faust.
Hrm. On Cauldron, I just had a thought - how is vial mixing supposed to be handled? I remember seeing one Cauldron gen with new vials done that, ahh, didn't go very well, probably in substantial part because of vial mixing.
more at bow
It was... well, in fairness, one of the vials was pretty tepid. But it was two vials, biokinesis / vortex, I think?
that doesn't really matter to my question.
Grant/Torrent, it was.
yes
Is a double vial supposed to be, say, one (weakened) primary, and one secondary? Or is it more like, one informs element and one mechanism? A tied together power that mixes the two's themes/functions?
There's your kicks.
Brute, probably.
ath
*great

mobilebasic
it's really good lol
Generates 'armor' construct around self, visually sort of origami type deal, thin, white, pristine. Strikes penetrate it, but are moderated - reduced a step automatically. Then... Shaker secondary.
Hmm. Maybe drawing from Words', a little - press against surface, concentrate, create a 'bloom' of same sfx, manifesting as grasping pseudo-limbs that try to grab those who pass within range.
Idea is that armor would sort of fold outward/grow, along directed path, interpreting materials as sort of "extensions" of the parahuman's body.
Maybe needs to be stepped up a little bit in power, though. Hrm.
Dang, bow deleted all the Brute augs.
I was thinking he was literally 'wearing' the armor, Words' idea is that he is the armor.
Generate latticed, pristine, white material, which surrounds the parahuman - 'origami' armor. Armor crumples inward on hits, but provides moderate protection, reducing damage a step, and potentially inflicting Lesser Cuts on unarmed attackers (Dex, DC 4, to avoid). If limbs would be lost or disabled, armor compensates, creating phantom limbs or casts, allowing the parahuman to use them normally.
By pressing self against a surface and concentrating, armor's effect spreads over the surface, and power generates misshapen origami limbs, which attempt to grasp at those (not parahuman themself) who pass within 5' as though with 3 Brawn. With one half action, create a 5' square - additional half-actions double an existing 'bloom' or create a new one. Maximum at 40'x40' total.
yeah
in my vers, anyway.
iunno, say 3 levels tops. they're misshapen and there's not, like, an infinite number of them.
I'm actually much less sure of the cutting damage thing, the more I think on it. Thorns stuff feels wrong.
What categories other than Repression, would you say?
err, types.
Oh, that gives me an idea.
Hm.

tubes?
They'll probably just die.
yeah.
negligible (nothing)
limbs can get disabled too, yeah.
Or you can get hurt in civvie.
lesser rends have disable. whew.
crits don't come up that much because unless you have, like, this guy's magic armor, they will take you out of the fight very quickly so they're kind of limited to how much you can give them to NPCs/PCs.
I just did 2 critical wounds to you" Wrong. "The attack is a critical hit (typically making it equivalent to a normal weapon attack in damage dealt)."
You mean the skill it's impossible to get?
You were talking about crit in general.
and claiming the autocrits of pip 2 mean that it doubles.
i'm sorry your damn posts are smeared around to the point it's impossible to quote you.
No, I didn't.
Bitch.
God, you are such an unbearable little wiener.
I'm not wrong. You were talking about pip2 crit like it gave you regular crits, which it doesn't.
I'm not quoting you because you post everything in bite size chunks
You did.
Did I say that that's what you said?
Now who's completely inaccurately misunderstanding someone else?
And you talked about it like it's the 6-6 thing.
Which it isn't.
Does the fourth pip mean that hits with the glass bottle do bonus wound and effect and tick up damage for an improvised weapon? I mean, it just says "critical hits."
that's obviously not the intent at all though.
Because it doesn't do that with pip 1's effect.
If you want my honest opinion, it's that bow is bad at keywording, so he uses "critical hit" to refer to both [make an improvised weapon not shit for a second] and [do extra damage because you rolled six eleven times in a row].
That's not my argument at all.
Holy shit.
"typically making it equivalent to a normal weapon attack in damage dealt" means instead of typical effect, rather than in addition to typical effect.
it says "a normal weapon attack," not "a normal weapon attack, when you rolled a 6 multiple times in a row."
He literally did clarify it.
Does it say, "typically makingit equivalent to a normal critical attack in damage dealt"? No.
Having played Exalted: Third Edition, it makes a little difference.
It's 0 critical wounds.
Let's see. Either this rulebook is written unclearly, so it doesn't disambiguate how improvised works properly, OR, the obviously optimal thing to do - and is intended to be optimal - is to run around with a bunch of glass shards to instagib everyone.
Hmm.
Hmmmmmm.
It's pretty far up there.
It is also, in addition to being broken, silly. The optimal application of the Critical skill is to, again, run around with broken glass shards. It's not like it's making a gun that does fifty hundred damage, where, like, guns are good.
Even if you ignore critical wounds, your options on how to use the ability are: desperately pray you roll 6-6, or, just use a glass shard.
That doesn't change my point.
It's not just a balance issue. Christ.
If there was a skill that, I don't know, let you fly 5' upward per round, that wouldn't be *imbalanced*, but it would be *absurd*.
did you increment for the trigger
power.
$stranger 1
A Brute can throw rocks at people, doesn't mean they get a Blaster aspect.
it's literally less effective than throwing a brick, since you can only do it 1/2 rounds.
It would barely be worth Blaster 1 in the PRT ratings, if that.
it's an emoji
Ooh. Mobilebasic works on that, too. I think Non gave me that trick. If you're around, Non, and if it wasn't someone else, thank you again." Does it?
if you know how to mobilebasic a spreadsheet i'd like to know
I don't think it ever got used.
he was shot with a million billion bullets
I don't actually know.
@Ace: it was like, special background skills that you worked as quickly as you could to get rid of and replace with good ones.
he's right
oh, cool, /htmlview is the spreadsheet equivalent of /mobilebasic.
Yeah. If he had to do a know roll about medical shit and prosthetics to help Gungnir I dunno that I'd feel comfy about getting a +2 to that roll" Well, I mean, would you feel comfortable about making a roll about medical shit and prosthetics with a +0?
I'm dubious you should be able to contribute meaningfully to prosthetics without a skill, regardless of your Know score, is what I'm saying.
Sure. But I feel like, if it makes sense for an untrained Know 3 person to be able to do (X) without training, and X is a Know-focused activity, then it makes sense for a Know 5 person to be able to do (X) better than them, even if the Know 5 person isn't specifically trained. I mean, otherwise, what does the stat exist for?
other than skill points
Sure. Can't really systematize that, though, without getting obnoxiously granular in skills/etc.
do we, tubes.
having minor skills just means you five-stat it instead of two-stating it.
one more dice is really big dude
it's two more dice that's a waste of time.
Hm.
first dice is ~+1 to your stat
i think infinity dice is ~+2 to your stat.
iirc, anyway.
Yeah, the extra bonuses.
are good
Hm. One of the things I'm considering, thinking about it now, is that different skills have different levels of effect from just raw dice. Like, +1d is a lot more important when you're making ten rolls a fight and success/failure is the difference between life and death, than when you're making 1-3 rolls in a social situation and success/failure is the difference between gaining an ally and losing one.
@Anti: matters to balance, though. e.g. Exalted 3e has different levels of dice tricks for if you're fighting, talking, doing medicine, or crafting. WD, not so much.
it gives you special abilities.
Would also level the playing field, if you, say, stole the bottom pip of every combat skill. So you get +1d at 3rd/4th pip, rather than at the first.
that's already kind of the case
you'd get the qualitative bonuses too, in this hypothetical.
Something like that. Basically imagine the current skills, for combat, but instead of +1d/qualitative/qualitative/+2d/qualitative, it's q/q/q/+1d/q.
though stats are still just as valuable. hrm.
if it currently requires you to get that many pips
defensive ones tend to have it a little higher
@Mari: yeah, stats are valuable, but if +1d to dodge is worth more than +1d to charm, then +1 to Ath is worth more than +1 to Soc.
and you're also directly competing value of a stat against value of two pips of a skill.
because of Know
would it still be that good if Blitz and Dodge had their +2ds turned into +1ds, though, Mish?
Monsterhearts is a lot easier to GM than other systems, but that's because of a lot of core play differences from other games, including - to some extent - WD.
@Anti: Are there any particular fudges or homebrews that would be applicable to WD?
milestones are good for that. good trick.
it's pretty good. combat's a little too lethal.
The WD equivalent of Curse of Strahd, I feel like, would be Endbringer or S9 attack rules, or similar stuff that's not as blatantly canon. Opponents that get thrown at the PCs, so whether they're heroes/villains it still applies.
You can.
The purpose of point buy is to provide players with an objective measurement for how strong/weak they are allowed to make their character and their character's abilities.
there's a point buy system in stats/skills
I mean, you could have some kind of random rolls for stats, but that doesn't work very well with triggers/perks/flaws/etc.
then what are you arguing about.
The phrase "balanced against each other" is doing a lot of work in that sentence.
versatility is power
maybe it was a bit weak early on, when it wasn't passive and she had to actively reach out for her bug senses.
but by the time she killed Alexandria it was definitely strong
he was beating Scion tho
Anyway, "balance" is a precarious turn of phrase to use. I mean, leaving aside the fact that Pathfinder isn't actually balanced at all, powers aren't balanced against each other. There's no assumption that, say, Lumen can theoretically beat up Epidermis in a fight, because they both have powers - Epidermis could stomp on Lumen, easy.
What there is, and should be, is an assumption that there's a spectrum of power in which it is comfortable to fit PCs, and going above it makes it difficult to challenge them without contrivances or just bypassing the power altogether (e.g. attack invulnerable Brute's family), and going below it makes it difficult to impossible for the PC to accomplish meaningful goals.
There's nothing wrong with contrivances or bypassing the power, but it's harder to GM, both in terms of not feeling contrived and in terms of not making Shadow Stalker's player get annoyed that every time they try to use their power, somebody whips out electricity powers. It's definitely not something every power should get.
I question whether anyone makes that assumption.
what games have you been playing that have given you the impression rpgs are balanced.
On a conceptual level, I think balance is an extremely vague phrase. If you mean 1v1s between starting characters should always result in 50/50 shots, well, maybe if powers aren't involved and they've made similar % combat investments. Otherwise, no.
FRankly, I would not.
it would be a Master, obv.
if i'm chasing power, anyway.
it would be bad unless you also had a power
in addition to powernull
the step perk/flaws are definitely a pain to make while also being extremely dull.
what. obviously they're linear.
PRT ratings a) aren't linear or exponential or geometric, and b) aren't the equivalent.
The relationship isn't mathematical but oriented around appropriate response levels.
which don't scale linearly or exponentially or geometrically
5 and 6 both involve 1 para + ops, for example.
the difference is whether the operatives should engage
gr8 sk8 m8 i rate your mover power an 8/8.
Yes, you would not measure power ratings linearly. You also wouldn't represent them quadratically, or geometrically, or exponentially, because power ratings, in canon, are not designed to fit a mathematical number but a qualitative threat assessment.
steps in perks/flaws, and by extension, prt ratings.
the difference between a Blaster 5 and a Blaster 6 is not that one has twice the range than the other.
why would you try to measure them on an exponential scale, and how does this tie into how steps for perks/flaws are obviously linear.
exponentials aren't calculus, thank you.
Blaster powers generally fall into "if it hits you, it's gonna hurt," even if one is completely mental and one is a laser beam and one is a concussive blast of wind, which do damage by entirely different mechanism.
i'm reading the brute thing 'bow added and i don't know how this is supposed to work.
gr8 sk8 m8 i rate your mover power an 8/8.
it doesn't really matter if superpowers are magic, in and of itself. they basically are anyway. it only starts to matter when you turn "they're magic" into "they're magic, therefore..."
Maybe you should have been a better PRT director and less of a clown.
Some people can't take constructive criticism.
It is.
Hey, that's not my fault.
Yes, exactly.
Sounds like somebody doesn't have an internal locus of control.
aren't you dead and/or a small child
What's confusing about it?
if he posts then any _tells or $tells will proc.
Hey if you're building npcs for a campaign, do you give them skills like a pc would have? Like do you build them the same way?" I would not do that, because skills are complicated to keep track of in a way I'd avoid for the vast majority of NPCs.
Me, five minutes ago: Huh, wonder why there's been so many posts in such a relatively short span of time. Me, now: Oh, they made some Thinker/Stranger/Master. Of course.
the only thinker/stranger/master i would make is a multitrigger.
a thinker/stranger/master multi would be cool, actually.
apparently multitriggers involving n people have n+1 powers rather than n.
Two lovers have to run away from their old life because of [persecution]. A has a meltdown/breakdown, starts flipping out, possible underlying mental health issues that have been agitated or just the stress making them flip (Thinker). B is scared shitless by the whole thing (Stranger). And the absence of support mechanisms due to their runaway is part of why they're not as able to deal with it as they might otherwise be (Master).
that sounds like bad news to me
think u mixed up the good news + bad news somehow.

That's exactly what a hikikomori would say.
how is a cat murderer who threatened you breaking into your house a Stranger
nobody wants attention from a murderer. does that mean every blaster is actually a stranger?
The peeping tom is here to beat you or kill you or something, not to secretly watch you.
yeah but you're not triggering from hidden cameras! you're triggering from somebody breaking into your house to [do violent things to you, presumably]
tinker/blaster. maybe some stranger tert.
eh
whatever.
okay. what about Tinker (Stranger) and Blaster? as in, two concurrent powers, lesser expressions of either?
I just want one of my PCs to be happy." A happy PC is a boring PC.
what kinds of deviations should it have? not seeing any" bow forgot to put them in.
hi, what.
sure
Frost ghost Breaker. Enter Breaker state, take on form which looks like a floating humanoid figure in tattered robes, only head and robe visible. Pale blue, visible signs of frost within 5' (icing water, visible breath, etc), but note still physical and vulnerable to damage. Skeletal beneath robes, arms and legs present but useless.
Rather than moving normally, moves in 30' increments, pushing those hit out of way (unblockable; Brutes must pass DC 8 Brawn check to remain in place, but Breaker just moves through and inflicts effect anyway), any hit receive Chill debuff and Lesser Bash. Anyone who starts and/or ends a turn within 5' of the parahuman also receives a tick of the Chill debuff.
Chill debuff inflicts increasing penalties to Athletics and Dexterity, as numbness sets in.
Oh, and dodging, if successful, spends a half-action moving in a chosen direction (30', with effect, etc), burning actions from next turn.
Can use both actions to attack.
since what else you gonna do
ground bound
just a $pc one.
half-action, I guess?
Breaker (Mover/Shaker).
well
Striker/Shaker, maybe. eh. who cares.
noice
Hm.
Hard-ish to mix with a Breaker, though.
Was thinking could already do that. Since you can move through Brutes.
Frost ghost Breaker. Enter Breaker state, take on form which looks like a floating humanoid figure in tattered robes, only head and robe visible. Pale blue, visible signs of frost within 5' (icing water, visible breath, etc), but note still physical and vulnerable to damage. Skeletal beneath robes, arms and legs present but useless.
I'll pbin it with answers to Bel's earlier qs.
Rather than moving normally, moves in 30' increments, pushing those hit out of way (unblockable; Brutes must pass DC 8 Brawn check to remain in place, but Breaker just moves through and inflicts effect anyway), any hit receive Chill debuff and Lesser Bash. Anyone who starts and/or ends a turn within 5' of the parahuman also receives a tick

i'd say shattered chains would probably be a "double breaker form" or similar, something that ramps up/changes core Breaker, with costs.
maybe something Trump as a secondary? be easier to mix with Breaker state, more complementary than alternate. especially with Shattered Chains, don't want to go too far in on mutually exclusive options.
Umbra: When the parahuman would apply the Chill aura to a person, that person's next half-action sees their power halved. Depending, may result in halving stat bonuses, reducing damage of powers by a step, or (for more esoteric effects) halving range/AoE. Available out of Breaker state, afflicting those within 5' of the parahuman.
I have an idea on that.
Second option, cloak tears itself apart to wrap underlying skeleton. Body becomes capable of normal actions, modest stat boosts, Cuts in melee, psyche changes.
nah, don't take player control away.
hang on!
SHATTERED CHAINS: Can "push" Breaker state, as a half-action. The parahuman sets a goal, something specific but difficult. If they cannot accomplish the goal within a few minutes, they are forced out of their Breaker state. Until they have a successful, real fight, they cannot access the "higher" Breaker state again, and the Breaker's skin starts to visibly fray and peel, turning frosty at areas of it, as though their skin was the tattered 
robe. This makes keeping their identity a secret very difficult.
In the higher Breaker form, the Cloak tears itself apart, wrapping the skeletal figure within in it, as though it was flesh and muscle on the figure's skeleton. The legs and arms of the figure becomes useful, and it gains a +1 to Brawn, Athletics, and Guts over the base form. They also may attack with Moderate Cuts in melee as an unarmed attack, which, if successful, inflicts another tick to the Chill debuff. Maintains access to the exotic 
movement, but can also move normally, as well.
if no complaints, then: 
that power sounds extremely generic and practically impossible to make a table for unless you add some more specificity.
that's too much d&d. *said without checking the number*
you mean the detailgenerator?
oh, you mean anti's doc
yes
it's just some tinker named alcatraz.
yeah. so? he deleted it or something.
yes, what IS armor face
is that bad because it's hyperspecific and not very useful, or because it's too intimately entwined with the trigger event, though.
that power sounds terrible unless i missed something
a tiny minion you need materials to make that isn't even under direct control lol.
no upper limits on minions that anybody can just, like, wear boots and stomp on.
too late
whine at your gm yourself you lazy bum
i'm busy
not appreciative enough to avoid pinging me while i'm doing other things, apparently.
Hunch from canon is less monstrous than your standard 53, iirc.
it's the Simurgh, not Simurgh.
the Simurgh's name is properly preceded by a definite article.
like the Siberian.
probably because you said Detroit is the worst, scrags.
the author gives grace to those that try
Well, iri, do remember that her power was much weaker early on. Less control, no passive perception.
I'm Shadow Stalker. Or Taylor. Two sides of the same coin, really.
sure
browbeat.
no, wait, aegis.
he dies
Purity isn't aggressive enough.
firlz is browbeat.
yet
Enough already! Firlz is Browbeat.
Exactly.
Anti is Leet.
Not aggressive enough.
Oh, Thal can be Panacea.
I don't want people to think that.
I assume we're talking about what character best matches our WD playstyle, in which case Vista doesn't fit at all.
i ain't seen you play mari
Purity, ehh. Maybe.
Closer than Vista.
yeah, Armsmaster is too cool to be Mishie.
He's more like Blasto.
he's not
he got turned into a skeleton slave by Bonesaw and then died.
I don't read any of Mishie's sessions.
worst character
?? i always hated panacea
yeah, when i stopped having to pay attention to her because she got written out. blammo.
Real tough case to argue.
i think he means in general, not necessarily right now.
i was driving to  my parents and thought, "I can't wait for Christmas to be over so good music will be back on the radio."
low bad high good
"Do you prefer combat or exposition?" [in the Firlz voice] but what if I like combat AND exposition?
but that's indistinguishable from if I hate them both, Nick.
Cody did nothing wrong.
that's all there is afaik
She's going to think their kismesitude is unhealthy and counterproductive, and intervene herself" that's all kismesitudes, since knowing that word implies familiarity with Homestuck.
It's what it's.
I didn't let him out of jail.
His defense attorney did.
Those contractions wound me." And yet, they are completely correct.
"If the two of you don't stop," Schuyler roars, "I will be forced to do something so monumentally stupid that you will blow me up, leaving the two of you with no guardian and in PRT custody!" ||" Hmm. Sounds like they should keep going, then.
wow at least wine and dine me before trying to get laid, Tuzi.
Gungnir died on the way back to his home planet.
The way of the Samurai is death, Anti.
*bursting in five minutes late* Elves suck.
they already fight dragons, krakens, and demons, though.
and then uh, Crit 5, Finesse 5 and sneak 3" This is invalid to purchase and, further, it's completely dishonest to pretend like his power is great because you can do some obviously broken bullshit that's barely even related to it.
Yes.
No, it's invalid. You can't raise your Dexterity to 5 without a specific trigger that allows it.
And?
Shut the fuck up Mishie.
I am really sick and tired of your shit. You hide behind wienery bullshit while you blatantly insult and attack me, including violating explicit moderator orders.
"Dec 24 19:39:21 <Mishie>	The one who fucked a nazi and beat up people that weren't white?" Remember this? Four days ago, you fucker?
I'm not PMing with Mishie.
It's not insulting you to disagree with you.
I blame the mortal, fallible, nature of man.
you should have killed them all.
choking him out was too slow.
"Me too," Schuyler says quietly to himself. ||" Wait, no you won't. You'll be dead, and unable to be sad.
It's so uncommon it's not really worth bothering with in the first place, since there's like one hundred of them total.
c53s
Interlude 28: "He’s collected more than half of the ones we released on Earth Bet.  Fifty, easily."
only my quotes are funny, everyone else's are bad.
his power fucks with perception so they didn't realize that Contessa could be threatened by him.
iirc it just whites out stuff in a radius, so Contessa wouldn't notice the blind spot unless she did something near it.
the effects I remember are: completely no-sells Contessa; Taylor has to operate blind in his radius; and Lung's power doesn't ramp up right (presumably because it doesn't detect the threats in the radius).
yeah
watching every wd game that exists" and some that don't.
oh, 'bow, I just remembered something, uhh, it's kind of problematic to do stuff like Vastare or the +/- perks/flaws with multitriggers.
thing for bad boys is best, obviously.
what's the trigger?
I kind of like bejeweled brute.
still thinking
reads like it's a black female with plausible deniability added in in case the player doesn't want to be a black girl.
Nope.
my most concrete complaint is that it feels really vague and generic in terms of what it does, like it just kind of does whatever you feel like.
Crystal seems like it basically won't do anything, unless I misunderstand how the picking works.
does using this power involve the GM needing to understand charge-inverted electrons because i'd hard veto that
what methodology is this?
tinker sheets are basically all exactly as complicated
What's the relationship between "phase Tinker" and this trigger?
oh. then what are we doing.
Oh, that one.
Ehn.
Hyperspecialist, oriented around portals, objects that pass through have temporary energy effct. List A is focused on bodysuit, melee weapons, and utility ("portal gun" variants). List B is a few different SFXs: object desolid briefly on leaving portal, object imbued with enhanced velocity on leaving portal, object temporarily 'frozen' on leaving portal, etc.
mebbe give a tinker aug.
yes.
"Tinker Bonuses and Augments" on the tinker doc
For mild booster, assume the parahuman can always reorient self immediately after transit, and "blind fire" to teleport self. so just flash shoot at ground (free action) and pop out at a portal on an opposite wall (need to actually have a portal up before, though, and it has max range).
what do you think, turncoat?
sounds RP

Huh? But *rolls dice* Playpen is still alive?
You're thinking of Schuyler. Odd mistake to make.
I don't remember any capes named Gun Gear, personally.
Fursonally.
the only one I know is Jennings.
There are laws restricting cape business?" "[T]he Elite got their start in San Francisco as ‘Uppermost’, an organization of rogues organized by rogues, involved in production and entertainment, managed by parahumans.  In 1998, Uppermost reached out to the PRT for assistance in dealing with a bill (NEPEA-5) that sought to curtail parahuman involvement in business and media, arguably targeted directly at Uppermos
t.  After a great deal of consideration, the head office turned down the offer for assistance, the bill was passed, and Uppermost disbanded."
from Anchorage doc
gr8 sk8 m8 i rate your mover power an 8/8. (at line 540)
did the power finish gen?
think my computer froze for it, PM me?
alright, someone PMed me, so don't fill my inbox with any more PMs, I say, hurriedly.
this one? 
there's a couple docs. Playtest Capes and, umm. Anti's one.
no

I don't see what's so new about it. Seems pretty much the same as the old year.
it's a No Man's Buy reference
It's.
it's the arabic numeral 1 and the arabic numeral 4 put together, to represent the number fourteen.
big deal, so does Kaiba.
does he succeed though?
that's a pro strat
anyway, Anti, you were talking earlier about, uhh. fuck. like, the WD equivalent of adventure modules? I did a (near complete) writeup of a setting for a game, with a bunch of capes prestatted, etc. It's a bit old (and thus out of date mechanically), but I've recently come to the conclusion that I'm never going to use it myself, so want to take a look?
PMed it
would you rather we didn't do anything at all so that nothing happens in any sessions.
yeah. up there, in heaven, because your character's dead.
she died on the way back to her home planet.
elves, dwarves, and dragons are the worst part of fantasy settings. jump into Exalted: Third Edition, gamer.
in the hospital you'll have lots of time to game so i don't see the problem.
you underestimate his knee.
i have a solution. murder all players.
peace
I think there's two separate things involved. There's "everyone constantly does shit so you can't just downtime it, so the timeline gets compressed in ways that may feel odd" and "people do overly cautious shit in their sessions but you want them to do interesting shit and not cower in a hidey hole or whatever." Which can both be true.
they can also actually work alongside each other, since, e.g., a lot of the worst of turtling is in gathering info before heading off to do stuff, but you can (and should) really handle that OOG.
it means you are a frog, Firlz.
more sincerely, "ree" is the sound that an angry frog makes.
it is often used as a "meme" to express displeasure.
roll wits reeee
does it /imply/ that or does it /say/ that.
probably just a dex stat because the idea of a combo dex/brawn stat is just cancer" wut
it still doesn't make sense
that's true of any combo skill
Anyway, Critical can be used with Brawn attacks, 'bow has explicitly said the 6+ natural roll thing is intended to combo with Brawl's d8 attack and Brawl is a Brawn skill.
Nona, you around to weigh in? I want to make sure I'm reading the Table right" it's not a full tinker table, it was a rough draft/outline.
alright i did up an actual version of CaptNameless's power.
looks like Turn's not here though. alas.
should i just post it in here, then?
subject to edits if turn thinks something's off: 
really
it's best not to think about it.
what's the power? 10 rounds is insane.
then say what it does
wait so do wounds drop cooldown or duration or both?
Oh, wounds dealt? As in, you hit people and it shortens how long it lasts, people hit you and it shortens the cooldown?
???t that's what i'm asking?
That's... well. That's certainly a power. Pretty powerful, mechanically. Seems like it would be really dry in game.
where you getting that from?
i've seen bow peg it at 3 seconds or 5/1 minute.
don't think it's in the rulebook
whatt are you talking about, he's always lik this.
 <- this what you're looking for?
oh yeah, I've heard that Kingdom Death has a real problem with insane, stupid critfails which means you want to roll as little as possible.
But apparently Vita Man is part of the Protectorate." He was a potential recruit, I didn't pick him up because... ehn.
no, in the other game where I'm a PRT director.
he has like, a low-level Brute aura?
idr exactly.
If I wanted to pretend to be mentally stable, I would go outside. (at line 255)
Damn, tubes has your number, Anti.
Nonagon you here?" Hmm? What? My toilet's leaking and I was trying to work out why.
I'm not available today, no. If you'd asked me a couple hours ago I would've been. Sorry.
Yes.
What are you going to do? Not let me play my Hawaii character? (at line 270)
No what?
it's set in japan" Ace Attorney is set in America but written by Japanese people and set in an alternate universe where America decided to make it so trials last only three days to cut down on our bloated legal system's ponderous movements. iirc.
i remember that from the early bit of the first one, was like "Yeah we got tired of trials taking forever so we decided to just make it so trials take three days max! What could go wrong?"
"Anyway, moving on."
she should stab the PRT in the back
Yah.
You can do it together.
She betrayed Coldhand too.
Oh then I guess it's fine.
she was too sexy and everyone got distracted.
so i was basically right.
Blaster.
Seems
like the player wouldn't have a lot of decisions to make, and not very powerful in practice.
I'm not really seeing that much thematic tie-in to the trigger, either.
??
Oh, bow redid the Stranger doc.
oh no! *hurriedly copies it before 'bow can delete it all*
looking at it i'm not sure this is a Stranger trigger at all. there's like. they're triggering because there is an active, physical threat.
well, I mean, looking at the example Stranger triggers, even the "Murder" ones are still about largely nonviolent attention
Single bolt, desolid until point of impact? Less risk of friendly fire, and can shoot through concealment/cover, sometimes. Fits enemies behind doors, a little sniper-y for the long term nature of the trigger.
ugh crap. CG, do you have the logs for our San Raul session? Want to review before we play.
thanks
oh okay.
quit a couple minutes ago
??
1 hour means you win the fight unless the goal was to get within 30' of wherever the guy currently is.
The Train Killer
Is it at least geo-locked relative to earth?" I don't know, is Clockblocker's?
let me turn on my desktop
gr8 scheme m8 i rate it a 0/8.
don't forget I have... reinforce and protection from burn.
I get a reroll or resistance roll for costume damaging stuff
oh and i have coverage! woo.
i picked some good stuff for his laser beams.
Qualities are: Protection from Cut (reduce a step unless 6+), Protection from Burn (ibid), Coverage (protection against burns, steam, cold, etc), Reinforce (reroll or resistance roll for costume damaging), Padding (can fall further without damage)
(It's a pain for me to keep track of too, since I set it over a month ago.)
what character are you playing
cripes
rip me.
i think i'm light?
yeah, +50% to the distance
or +5'. which is the same.
Good plan. I do the fighting, you distract him with emotional terrorism.
Eh, I dunno nothin' and I'm doing just fine. *said immediately before getting splatted*
Does that wound apply to my armor or my Wound track, CG?
yeah. well, not back, but yeah.
fucked up if true.
Texas is the realest state in the union.
Sis, yes!
Sure.
oh come on.
rip me.
Since I'm airborne, that means I fall 15', according to the doc.
the changer doc
wow. brutal.
i'm the cool sister, you're the lying sister.
what the
uhh
no.
Yeah. I'm the hot sister. I have Charm 4 and the Seduction spec.
err. sex appeal spec.
Yeah, in college slutty is popular.
God has had his vengeance upon me for invoking his name in vain.
Of course he wants me to hold up, he's afraid of what I'll do to his minions. *said in the voice of someone who genuinely believes that, but also has one Wound remaining*
Yes?
At least I got two of them.
$roll 1d6+1
Hey, not my fault I can't hear what you're saying, Evie.
15'
actually
Maned Thorax is -1 Guts
so
No, I'm keeping the -1 in mind, but
My base guts is 4.
so that was my last wound slot
I guess I should roll to stay conscious.
Unless you want to read the -1 as just to rolls, not Wounds
aight
scarred a robot. bled a robot.
cool. cool.
rip.
oh, wait
i'm armored all over
not RIP!
rip
good night, sweet princess.
and may a flight of angels carry thee to thy rest.
yeah. so i'm brutally beaten + can't turn back into my normal self + still in an abusive relationship with a psycho controlling man.
i have wings mang
i'm gonna go get something to eat since i'm unconscious.
Was eating.
Probably just use legacies/existing characters, if you don't have one then a quick $pc and luck. Since powers/trigger would define context a bit.
but it's not for a real game.
since I'm unconscious in game, go roll it in game design and I'll write you up a power/trigger from it.
I'll just do the outline.
Doesn't really need the table.
Cocoon, yes.
mind_break
ping me when I wake up or the session ends
oh
well then
what the heck. we won. why do i have to be quiet.
Nate Schyluer, Nate Schuyler's evil mirror universe clone.
artisan is going to try to fuck my baby sister. messed up.
he is all reedy and thin
i just assume that powers keep your costume or whatever so you're not naked. because being naked, even if it's reasonable, is kinda goofy.
deuces? you're saying he's poop?
what is this
So for the next three months?
wh-wha? Anti betrayed me?
maybe he should have thought twice
before being an abusive psycho
Oh, just because I'm manic depressive it's okay to abuse me?
I see how it is.
Anyway, only Lily is insane.
There's a subtle touch to it.
we didn't beat all the robots though
No, not all the ones we needed to beat.
One of them clonked me on the head unconscious.
jacking it to anime babes? oh you mean his Tinker specialty.

rip
R.I.P.
Because I have a child, iri.
why would Cauldron care about a de-mutant formula for C53s, though. They'd still have their memories wiped.
Oh, I was going to wait for Evie to speak.
None are cannon. Hence none make it to GM." Doesn't make sense. You could just as easily say, none are canon, hence none can join the PRT.
what if we simulated GM
rip.
Good end.
what the?
it was a joke?
how can that be.
you play with my heart.

would it be fitting though.
"you two figure out what you wanna do as capes come give the HQ a visit." <- having a hard time parsing this, is it missing a comma?
Alright. First read was something like, was what we want to do, when capes come to give the HQ a visit.
What would we die of.
A broken heart?
I already won. Seems like the only thing destroyed here... was Artisan's feelings.
hell, who isn't?
we keeping going? seems like a pretty good place to stop. then me + anti can have separate Slice of Life sessions with our abusive exes.
Yeah, good sess.
Alright, who's up for citygen trial.
What's it sound like?
Yes.
 are the rules.
Sure.
Marigold, you here?
So that's Nick, Kura, CaptNameless, Turncoat, and Anti. That's five. Would prefer six. Well, twenty minutes until Anti gets cookied up and drunk, mebbe we'll get another volunteer.
? you can join. I mean, 6+ is what i'd prefer.
How good red tokens are depends on how much competition there is for the bidding stuff. Past that, it's less good, but it *is* the thing that determines the power of your faction.
Yes.
some madmen would say much the same of perks.
test of this:  not for an actual game. just see how it works.
when anti gets back from his cookie and beer run.
if you don't want to be power, try to be a newbie or an indie so you can decide that the setting is a crystal moon inhabited solely by androids (I will veto this).
Yeah
Blind bid for (Leader/Lieutenant/Member/Member/Member/Independent/Newbie). How much you spend on that determines your token # for the subsequent steps.
No.
A faction with the top three slots for power will be really powerful, but no more powerful if they had only the top power slot. /However/, that will mean nobody else gets the top three power slots.
Like, "Supreme Power" would be, E88 in canon, for example. Major would be like... Teeth, maybe? Then Moderate would be ABB, Least would be Coil (but he'd have high Utility). Or something like that. If E88 buys out all three top slots, then you'll have a Coil level powered gang and some really weaksauce dudes.
Coil might actually be zero-level, thinking on it.
They determine how many tokens you get, but yes.
It... says?
You use red tokens to bid for: Power/Utility/Obscurity/Logistics/Quo; and if there's too many people with Hero or Rogue/Merc factions, getting that faction. Blue tokens bid for primacy in defining the setting.
Very carefully.
"The ability to define a member of any OTHER group" "The ability to define a member of your own group" you know, I put in a lot of effort to put things really unambiguously.
Blue is add a member to another group.
It means people like Parian or pre-PRT Shadow Stalker.
Waiting for Antioch to return with cookies and booze.
Yes.
conceding is open
so whoever does it first, i guess
The only time you will bid use points is when you PM me something that looks like: Leader (8), Lieutenant (7), Member 1 (6), Member 2 (5), Member 3 (4), Independent 1 (3), Independent 2 (2), Newbie (1)
L/L/M/M/M/I/N
Yeah.
I dunno how to do it otherwise, Nick.
maybe.
Hmm.
Yeah, you're right, actually, thinking about it. Don't need to separate Member out.
I'd just keep Ls at their base levels, tbh.
Yes.
It's like how bidding works in a draft. You bid on the options, then your points remaining determine other stuff.
Blind bid
@Jack: If it was not a test, then you would play as your character in the city.
You will send me a single PM that looks like: Leader 1000, Lieutenant 999, Member 998, Independent 997, Newbie 996. Then I turn that into determining your role and how many tokens you get.
You can just bid 1,2,3,4,5, sure.
Because I need to know your preference order if somebody else did the same thing.
You can put as many as youwant.
You only spend for one.
I should probably make the array something more... compressed? Than 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9.
but whatever
like, idk, 3,3,4,4,5,5,6? meh.
it's just a test.
Keep in mind that your number of red tokens is basically halved if you don't roll Leader or Lieutenant.
You send a PM to me. It will contain the five categories, as well as the number of points you want to spend on that category. Then whoever bid the most wins. Other people go down to their second, third, fourth, fifth, choices.
On each category.
*
As in, the number of points you want to spend on each category.
No.
Yes. Don't make them all have the same cost, though.
Well. Sure.
So, Leader A, Lieutenant B, Member C, Independent D, Newbie E. Assuming A>B>C>D>E, then if you bid the most for Leader, you get Leader and spend A points. If you didn't, we go on to Lieutenant; do you have the most for that? You get it.
Yes.
# of points implies preference ranking.
Players are Nick, CaptNameless, ColdGold, Kura, Turncoat, Firlz, Antioch, is that correct? Then just one.

Firlz, Kura, and Turncoat have put in their bids. They all did so correctly.
Oh yeah.
Just pick a legacy, I guess.
Tell people the basic power/trigger/luck if you don't want to bother fishing up the sheet.
skipping that step
since it's not for a real game
just pick a character you've got and think of it like them.
Should be for whole chat, really.
If it were a double draft, you'd have a draft like normal (points determine perks/flaws), then draft again (points determine tokens).
Waiting on ColdGold.
You can link sheets, don't feel the need to though.
rolling off the pregens?
I mean. Sure. Let's take it to #GameDesign
Yep.
Alright. All votes are now locked in. No takebacks.
!search tribal
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 467)
It's actually really easy to run away when anyone moving more than 30' from a marked position gets crit rended, even if you have like -5 ath.
Yes really.
I mean if the issue is "I can hit twenty guys" then you're not going to get away even if you're buck naked, since you're burning too many actions hitting them and not enough running.
He only gets OP powers.
and doesn't play
no, as in, Mishie only gets OP powers so he never complains.
where's the writeup? I thought it was half too.
I can see how that could be the intent, but I think I would've said something if it had been explicit. Then again I didn't say anything about 30' crit rends and 1 hour duration so.
It's not so bad because you can just assume people stop moving at a certain point unless they're stupid, but yeah.
Yes, you.
somebody link the fucking writeup
how about somebody link the writeup so we can stop doing triple blind discussions of the power without seeing it!
It's (moth noises) long.
Stack or refresh?
5+
...DC 4 is 4+
It was dropped because it was an hour
which is insane
because then you just instantly take people out of the fight
yeah but then shouldn't it just be acc v dodge though
I mean if the shard's not involved in aiming other than making sure there's no friendly fire and ignoring cover/concealment.
you could say the same thing about a gun
You could say the same thing about the first shot you make on an indoor range.

Even if the power is fine a lot of this stuff wasn't in the writeup.
"You have to know where your target is" isn't in the power writeup, and, I mean, it's not going to screw you over *quite* as bad as other stuff could, because if it comes up in game, then it's probably not so bad since you don't know where your target is so they're probably not about to shank you, but it is a pretty big deal.
You're right, and it is line of sight.
how are you going to know the right direction
I mean yeah there's situations
but you tag a guy, he breaks LoS and moves around behind cover.
only if the cover is the exact same size as them
he's complaining about how the power works at shooting someone through a door
I *definitely* cannot precisely point at something via a mirror.
I can point in the general direction, but not precisely enough to shoot something.
General direction is all you need!!" Is it?? that's not in the writeup, and I still don't understand the mechanism, so I can't predict when, if this was my power, I could and could not shoot somebody with it.
Marigold did the original writeup.
So the power takes what the parahuman knows about a target's location, and uses that to aim it? So if the parahuman knows where a target is, via mirrors, cameras, sound, whatever, they can shoot at them?
it ignores walls so traveling in a straight line isn't that big a deal.
I, fursonally, really don't want to field test something that, since my power's doing it for me, I should *probably* intuitively know.
Intuitively know if my power autotargets for me.
it's best to have a general idea so you don't have to ask it over and over every time, though.
It was.
it's 11:30 in Texas though.
in what alternate universe
Come play Werewolf, my lord.
Daddy is funnier than my lord, really.
but it's in PMs so no one can see it, Anti.
just another toxic dudebro.
well tbf the man who poops tinkertech seems like a gag power.
Wow. One whole bottle.
Actually, not even one whole bottle. Part of it.
christ i feel like that gen was eleven billion years ago.
oh, he's the mad bomber multi?
or is that a different power.or is that a different game.
I only remember the defensive element of his Brute power.
He can turn into a moose and speak moose?
what for
right now?
feels weird to just immediately hop in a character from like, a year ago w/o any buildup
perfectly and with nothing bad at all?
It's done, yeah.
better question: how did you perform brain surgery on yourself so exact and specific you don't know what the words dog and cat mean.
then you intended to lie when you used the magic on yourself. blam.
the word dog includes pit bulls in conventional use, therefore you lied.
Firlz, I think if you tried to play pact, either rule lawiering would be your practice... or you would get so much bad karma a demon would eat your soul" por que no los dos
Then it would be deadly serious.
Hmm? Which powers?
what's Hush's
I remember Dodger's.
oh yeah
that's the contriction one, right?
*constriction
is hush's the power where someone PMed me "oh no! they're genning a Stranger power!"
*a Stranger/Trump power
Reading the logs, and... "Sep 15 15:34:34 <Nonagon>	what's hard is watching a bunch of newbies try to gen a trump/stranger." Damn it's true.
Yeah, that was Hush's gen.
I recommend not giving people Stranger/Trumps tbh.
or Blaster/Trump
man I really like Heckler, from the old Vancouver draft. really cool power.
I really need to get a handle on what's happening, given how likely I am to get in soon." >implying I have a handle on what's happening
did you finish the tubs stranger/trump used for iri
imp
mish's detroit cape
I mean you could argue everybody as having a sub category
they don't justify the use of tinfoil lined hats since tinfoil doesn't stop Worm mind control.
if it worked people would have figured it out by now
and PRT guys would wear tifoil hats
*tinfoil
RIP the city" Yeah, the Keepers were *really* the thing keeping this whole city together.
hurr
Did I say the PRT was playing a vital role?
The Keepers were actively destabilizing the situation.
i mean, who sicced Deep-Six on me to steal my captured capes.
I don't, and I actually enjoy acting on incorrect assumptions from limited data, but that doesn't change the reality that you can't say "wow nice no capes captured" when you're the ones actively responsible for it.
oh? you're not a Keeper?
Boy am I glad I told the cops to do a thorough investigation.
'Superstition is harboring Coy in the Keepers headquarters. She is a pawn of Deep-Six, as is the entirety of Whirlwind.'
'I have a bomb placed in my heart by the Little Doctors. They are using it to control me, because they fear being controlled again. Alexander has a good heart, but I am afraid Abigail will go down the wrong path.'
'The villain, Slither, is a victim of the same bombs, implanted in her legs. She was forced into villainy by the Brotherhood. She is too kind to be a villain, a victim of circumstance.'
'Please see this message to Cassette when you read it. Please tell her that I'm sorry.'
Backstabby McBackstabface
rough size?
she's in trouble when Sonderman finds out.
I used San Perlita a couple times.
Clayton
Murder most foul.
She planted an explosive device in Schuyler's chest and then detonated it. Wonder if you could swing murder one; even though it was a heat of the moment killing, putting the bomb in his chest wasn't.
Downsville.
Gueydan.
Ida.
You could probably get a lot of extra charges piled on, come to think of it. I mean obviously criminal threats. Probably false imprisonment, if she ever made Schuyler stay anywhere. Aggravated robbery?
Would that be robbery or larceny though. I mean it was from his bank account.
She's basically innocent. Her only crime was committing all of those crimes.
that's also true of jack slash
how does it feel to be fuckin' dead
so, were you sad.
Abigail, go to jail / stick your head in a garbage pail.
Huh. Looks like this man exploded from the inside out, and there's bits of metal shrapnel in the ceiling. Oh, and the cybernetics Tinker he was working on just engaged in medical malpractice and got somebody else killed. Oh and last time we checked her room looked like a sty and she had access to alcohol, as though her current guardian was highly ineffective. Let me put this information into the Obvious Conclusion Generator.
It's not mean.
She did this to herself.
If she'd been smart, she would've ordered Schuyler out to the docks or something, then into the ocean, THEN blown up the bomb in his chest.
Schuyler: "Dying for Abby's stealing from me profits..." Abby: I'm rich bitch.
why not shoot him from the other side of the room.
She's basically innocent. Her only crime was committing all of those crimes.
rip
how do twins interact with multitriggers.
Stronger primary (compared to normal multis), weaker secondary (ibid)?
that's what we do in San Raul
You don't own the schtick.
A tepid powerset nobody's run yet is still a tepid powerset.
in what system is an Alexandria package an absolute blast to run
straight package, just +Brawn, +armor, flight at X speed?
If you take any random game, Words, you'll find the categories are really distorted because if you roll nd12, it doesn't tend to procure even numbers of 1s, 2s, 3s, etc.
so the Worm canon leaning one way or the other doesn't really reveal that much, since there's maybe 200 capes in it?
and Strangers also would tend to be less visible by nature
Prayer.
I feel like wild west stuff might be more popular. Don't have to explain where the capes are, relatively low production values, and you kind of tap into that "there is no law here" thing which is probably pretty resonant, given the circumstances of Bet.
that's a perfectly good trigger and everyone's a big baby
The balance directive is primarily to prevent triggers from repeatedly falling into the same categories because everybody makes everything a Tinker or a Master or whatever. It secondarily serves the purpose of limiting the number of Trump triggers, which would otherwise create a glut of them because everybody loves Trump triggers because they're lazy.
yes but did it get a power
Yes? The goal is to balance the characters.
well, no, the goal is to balance the powers
that's why we balance the ratings based on powers made, rather than characters played or triggers written
To prevent gens from repeatedly making any given category over and over.
+ generally avoid repetition of ideas.
yes but my laptop doesn't like spreadsheets so i'd have to boot up my desktop
If you take any random game, Words, you'll find the categories are really distorted because if you roll nd12, it doesn't tend to procure even numbers of 1s, 2s, 3s, etc.
Yeah, and my short-lived San Perlita had three monster Changers.
A single campaign doesn't really have a big enough player count to run into that problem.
Most of my pregens worked backwards from the power, actually.
Honestly though a balanced $used pool is probably impossible because even if you did have one, you'd get distortions in actual play, because random people would be even more likely than the #Weaverdice chat to have weird distortions on how they interpret triggers that makes them more or less likely to interpret an [X] trigger as a [Y] trigger. (Blasters become Strangers, Strikers become Brutes or vice versa, everybody's a Master or a Tinker, 
etc.)
Though, I would say this: if you post a trigger here, and it gets issues with a very central element (or several, or whatever), you may want to cut it entirely, rather than try to edit it. It can lead to a too many cooks issue unless you twitch it. I used to post a bunch of triggers in here for commentary.
the pregen doc's pretty balanced since I wrote powers first and intentionally tried to keep categories even and avoid repeat material/ideas.
oh, shift+return
it's a list of fifty (fifty-one, but I need to finish editing one and clip one I don't like much) triggers + powers. No particular method, but I did use it kind-of for me + Anti's San Raul twins, by rolling a d50 (d40?) and borrowing (and modifying) the trigger. Anti used rng for a few Terre Haute gens.
I think modern Japan would be cool.
for WD
$lesser bash
easier than rolling a d4 and a d6 and consulting the chart
The wound system existed before Cashy could do it, though.
Would probably be a lot less of a bother without hit locations.
or if you've got armor in one part, or...
$commands
?
PC is more crunchy than NPC, though.
You still have Schuyler as alive on the sheet. Messed up.
I can't help but wonder what might have been if I'd let Schuyler & co get away with murder.
Even though I was obviously correct to do what I did.
I don't see how much benefit I could get from recruiting the murderous twelve year old who stuck a bomb in somebody she was operating on's chest.
Yeah, rescue her from the consequences of her own actions.
Teach her it's OK to randomly murder people because you're drunk and upset.
yeah she surgically implanted a bomb in his chest in self defense.
It's hard to see a good ending for her tbh. Can't even really work as a healer for the PRT since she's known to have put (and detonated) a bomb in somebody she did surgery on.
have her for what
She murdered Schuyler.
I don't want a dangerous twelve year old cybernetics surgeon out on the streets at all, frankly.
Best I could realistically do is ship her across the country and warn them to make sure she's acclimated and has a good outlook before letting her "heal" anybody.
Even then, Sonderman's not the kind of person to do that unless she genuinely believes that Abby's not going to cause problems for somebody else.
I don't know. Is he? Sure is suspicious that immediately after Gungnir dies under suspicious circumstances relating to medical malpractice, Schuyler tells the cops that he's concerned he's not been a good guardian for Abby, then his chest asplodes.
Maybe he was feeling guilty that she killed Gungnir and made him cover for her.
I don't know that and I have no real way of knowing that.
only 'bow can use it
Man, not being stupidly aggressive and constantly pissing everyone else has really worked out for me.
I barely have to do anything and my problems just mop themselves up.
"Do due diligence, investigate thoroughly. Don't sweep it under the rug, but make sure that if it *is* criminal, any charges can stick. No prosecution is better than a failed prosecution, so to speak." damn I'm good. this is all I had to do to make Schuyler die.
Huh? But the bad guy just got his chest cavity exploded from the inside?
Think about this: Sonderman shit talked Deep-Six to his face and lived, while Schuyler was killed by a little girl while moping. Meditate upon it, and achieve enlightenment.
You're right, Deep-Six is a better person than Abby.
Remember what differently?
Somehow?
She just tripped and the vodka fell into her mouth?
Yes, I do avoid standing next to a Striker 9, thanks.
Why don't you go hug him if you're so bad ass.
Detroit is actually okay in Worm, iirc.
but someone gave her the alcohol" Could it have been the guy who she put a bomb in the chest of and then threatened him into doing whatever she wanted?
hey if you flip the 2 and the 1 around, 12 becomes 21, which is legal. Just makes sense.
Nick got it in... Laconia?

Heckler, from Vancouver, was also a multi with some rather similar powers. Dunno what the trigger was, though, since it was a draft.
that's not too big a deal, though. lots of people are sushi chefs.
@Anti: Not really sure how to change up the Trump one. If it's not Bonesaw, it's Bakuda; if you move away from Tinkers altogether, it's Heartbreaker.
Kagoshima, Kyushu, Japan.
Kyushu only got hit once.
Kyushu, like most of Japan, is heavily mountainous.
He made us write six. One of them involved cutting a dead relative open like a taun-taun so you didn't die of exposure. " What a lame trigger.
It's trying way too hard.
what a terrible trigger.
yeesh, I thought we (you) made some stinkers.
which one's solstice
the multi?
I mean if you're going to do an Alcatraz game with capes I have to assume physical isolation is why/how it works.
because there are plenty of capes that can stomp through walls.
then what's the issue?
well you were saying "halp"
I would also generally aim at 3, maybe- oh she left.
They rolled for power levels, not going to condemn that because it can be fun, but it's a bit sketch in WD" Yuck.
Is that WD's deal.
What are the shitty cards, in this metaphor?
Worm powers aren't shitty. WD powers (shouldn't be) shitty either.
I'm not. I think people doing their own thing is bad and they should be imprisoned for it.
Sounds like you need to be sent to a reeducation camp, to me, Mega.
Offense taken.
great drawing of me talking to the discord peeps.
if you were going to do power levels by roll it should be 1d6+2 anyway. not 1d12 or whatever.
It depends on whether you're using power levels in a reasonable, normal way, or in an incestuous anime that's gone on too many seasons way.
it should definitely be either 2d4 or 1d6+2 or something.
I also generally think that triggers have the right level of detail for power generation - a lot, but you can pick and choose. If you're just rolling class and power level, you're probably going to get rather dull powers.
Which power?
If you take that reading of Crit's effects then just having a bunch of broken glass bottles would be crazy.
You can reload really quick.
Yes, effective invulnerability *would* be worth taking some encumbrance, since due to the way Wounds work in the WD system, regenerating wounds = effective invulnerability.
Huh. Wow. Another opponent who can pierce my armor, rendering my power useless. Odd.
Wow. You're right. If I get crushed by a car that won't help.
Also under most circumstances it won't help.
Yes.
I don't have anything against powers like that, where trying to circumvent it requires some thinking/effort, because even if the other guy does circumvent it, well, he had to go to some effort to get behind you.
So you still get a benefit.
"Add armor pierce quality to my knife," not so much.
Same for e.g., invuln Breakers that tire themselves - the enemy has to try to run and tire you out, which gives you a benefit, even if in the end he wins.
rip spindle
Spindle's the one who grows the spider legs out of her backside that also make webs when pressed against each other, right?
I can't take real credit for that since it's pretty much a WD version of the Lightning Spider spell from Exalted.
Don't dump Guts, kids.
What's your confusion, vanderhuge?
Not really for Tinker tables.
Since they basically exist to offload that stuff from gametime.
some real lag on cashy atm
$roll 1d2
or maybe just the once.
Scope --, something +
shouldn't've dumped Guts
I'm up for it, sure.
Actually the character died like eight minutes ago.
Lausanne has like a hundred capes in 2000. Don't worry too much about the exact numbers.
There's always outliers, is the thing.
life flaws tend not to work very well with Directors
you can just roll life perk twice
iirc in... Wichita? the Director got two life perks, and if the player bid really shitty on the draft (they did) they got additional life flaws.
Okay, reasonably shitty, then.
In Sicol me and Anti rolled $life but it was nothing but perks, so, you know.
That sounds like exactly why you should join the Protectorate, tbqh fam.
's too long to fit in a reasonable space in chat, though.
When I have a trigger that's too long I just start cutting words and sentences that aren't strictly necessary, rather than big chunks. Though, the middle paragraph is probably mostly chaff.
It's fine.
@Mari: A single line caps out at... 440? characters, ish. ATM will cut at the first sentence that goes past that, so if it's 360 and then the next sentence is 100 chars, it will cut there. More than ~3 cuts (so 4 lines) will be too many.
405?
Yeah, 's what I'm talking about. It'll linebreak that into probably five+ parts.
That's definitely a fine length for it to be.
I'd add back in the note about the musician actually being small-time, and put a better transition between the paragraphs - like, "after years of saving allowances and Christmas presents to afford it" or something.
Yeah, -2 is really severe. Either major penalty + stat you're bad at in the first place, or a really severe penalty, like blindness or something. WD eschews bonus fishing by design.
I don't think it is.
You can't use more than one social skill at a time, remember.
You can't "very easily" get 5 Soc.
Hm. It doesn't say that for Deception's, but it does for other ones, like Rapport's.
Even with that, though, that should be +2, not +3. Since I don't think you're supposed to apply Charm's "+1 to rolls using Deception" to Charm rolls.
"Either gain +1 to Negotiate, Charm, or Threaten rolls (pick one, applies thereafter), or Gain a specialty.  This is over and above the specialty the character might ordinarily take.  Does not count as a bonus point in the skill for 2-pip effect."
Doesn't say "when Deception would also apply" or anything, Nick.
Still, Social's difficulty curve is calibrated differently.
You take the highest.
rip ilidirim.
!search plump
remember when you said this and then got tired of that meme within like a month
let's ban tubs but keep this tubes fellow, he's cool.
something Deception +1 only when Deception applies thing. 'bow.
There's a couple exposure triggers. I know Flair had one.
People do a disproportionate number of triggers that revolve around LGBT issues, yeah. Which, you could argue is fitting, but they don't do as many racial ones, for example.
Sure. They'd kick you out because you're doing drugs, for example.
Or, actually, dating - yeah, what Faust said.
 sure you don't recall correctly.
*I'm pretty
Arab-German
yeah but racial minorities are like 30% of the population, LGBT people are like 5%.
"My point was that being GBLT in the setting isn't without occasional difficulties. A counterpoint to your general sentiment that the Wormverse is ok with gay people. I think making things perfectly ok and not mentioning the struggles & issues that a group goes through diminishes those struggles."
"If you read that blurb, I was saying that things are exaggerated on some fronts, so things are ok in some ways and worse in others. Such is the setting." - Wilbdow
Legend making everybody cool with gays is fanon.
I did Simulacrum's trigger, at least. I don't remember if 'bow did. Dragon triggers in canon though and she's less "human" than Simmy.
*if 'bow did such a trigger before.
Well, that quote also suggests there isn't substantially less discrimination, since things are "ok in some ways and worse in others."
I mean, maybe there's more states with hate crime laws and fewer with gay marriage. How does that round out.
Did Sploosh trigger independently of his Master?
How many have I been in? Lausanne, Sicol Bend, Detroit, Baltimore, Cleveland, Vancouver, San Raul, uhh...
More that never happened, obviously.
Does it.
How?
And there's barely any mechanics to "develop" your character, either. You can build up resources, alliances, hit milestones, etc, all of which make you stronger.
Wrong.
@Mari: the character development systems of WD aren't particularly stronger than those of any other game system. I guess it's better than ones that have mechanics like Alignment that functionally shoehorns your character.
van (pronounced as in the vehicle) Valkenburg
Maybe. How would you say it does so?
That's true, but lots of systems have flaws or disadvantages or similar mechanics.
Depends on the system/flaw.
Fate's Trouble aspect, for example, has less teeth than, like, Dying.
*said in the voice of somebody who hasn't played Hero System or Exalted*
Guts, RAW.
Guts 2 is as bad as, like, Ath 2/Dex 2.
and that's without taking into account block being really strong by RAW.
block? tank?
I mean the "can't block a railgun" thing is countered by "can't dodge an AoE."
I don't generally think of Guts tanking as something your character actively does, since that's more like, what shields and parrying w/ sword do.
Is it.
Boring isn't the same as weak. A dull Brute would probably be stronger in a fight than Lumen, but I'd rather play Lumen.
Not when you're talking about powers.
I think it should be viable (in the sense that, you should have a >50% chance of winning) iff the powered individual is not playing to their strengths and you are playing to their weaknesses.
Well, maybe >30% or something.
when did that happen
I remember you ending a fight after getting beaten up and chased around by centipedes, if that's what you're talking about.
As opposed to the fake fight where there were a bunch of centipedes beating you up.
Which doesn't count.
The universe is good at ruining plans. That's why I have none.
Not particularly.
rip Helen. rip Schuyler. rip Gungnir. rip.
She was.
worse than dead
Cauldron told her to do something and she refused.
rip Deep Six
Iunno.
Is she gone for good? She's not been moved into the dead pit.
Are you sure?
rip
*more
get rid of Horn Lord and then all the capes have powers I genned. gahaha.
what do i vote for if i think both are shitty
just out of curiosity.
Mishie.
In Sicol Bend there is problem / and that problem is Abby. / She blows people up / because she's crazy. / Throw Abby in the jail / so Slither can be free. / So Slither can be free! / We must get rid of Abby / then we have a big party.
she's in the Dead & Gone list. rip.
she's stuck in some alternate universe with no escape.
In my country we have problem.
from borat
Oh, tubes is doing gen for his campaign now, or...?
err, his one shot.
Changer, turns into a poo monster and speaks poo.
I feel like a Striker should either have utility side effects or a secondary, just for play purposes.
If it's harmless how does it create a minefield.
I did say they can make boils out of the ground. This ones would be harmless BUT they can be used to create a minefield." ??
Are the other ones not harmless to the cape?
no, roll $power perk
Yeah.
The secret identity stuff is kinda meh, tbh.
The real boost is the stats and skills rearranging.
what's going on. why was i pinged.
wait what's this power? it sounds like you just desolidify and then you're done.
Does the trail do anything?
I'd give the Breaker state an intrinsic effect or the trail an effect (or both). I can see it as an "invulnerable Breaker" variant.
If it's just a checkpoint for blink then it seems like it amounts to a crappy Mover power? With no ability to access new areas.
I mean how does this parahuman leverage their power to fight? I mean, escape from a fight, sure. But actually fighting?
Dovetail?
Hm.
Smear was better.
The afterimage was solid + he could teleport anywhere in the path, iirc.
Anti's has fragile shadow clones that, when popped, have a deleterious effect.
As an option.
It's Anti's.
Attempt at writeup: Teleports up to 3x per turn, max 5' each (free action), can be done alongside/during normal movement. In wake of each, creates short lived (dissipate at end of parahuman's next turn) illusory clones, if people hit, push, etc, them, they 'pop', creating a 5' radius explosion centered on themselves, knocking opponents backward.
People knocked backwards roll to keep balance if they're moving, if they would hit a wall they take damage.
No trail effect in this vers.
Mm.
Yes.
Was thinking maybe 10', but that adds a lot of ground.
Can teleport through windows, portholes, etc.
Oh yeah, real nice in melee.
Well. Hm.
Did end of next turn so it's easy to keep track of. You could tick up duration to "minutes," so it's not combat relevant.
Yes, that's the current thing.
Minutes would be fine, yeah. Hard to pull off anything too lazy, since it'd be kind of obvious what you're doing, or otherwise you have to lure them into a (recently) prepared area.
Ehn, I go with "minutes" because that translates to "not combat relevant." The equivalent of Exalted's "one scene" duration.
Nah.
 <- look good?
Killed the PResident's daughter.
did you see the writeup i posted

defines what knockback does better
rip me.
you didn't post "anything else"
well, I mean, your client didn't
yeah
what's the city. tallahasse?
$help claim
how that spelled
$claim 93 Tallahassee [Mazinja] Flicker-based teleport with clones in wake that knock people back when "popped."
$mover .5
$stranger .5
doesn't it?
Not really, Turn.
Sounds very support role.
Very *strategic* support role.
yeah but then what do you do
What kind of Tinker?
Oh, hrm.
Could do a sort of "Horror"-type Tinker, with the Trump element fitting in where Changer/Breaker might. Generate energy derived from a nearby parahuman source, defines weapon effect. But probably wouldn't want to give that to a newbie GM.
Not really.
broken/damaged shard.
I mean, Leet's was doing it actively.
they never told you about their horrific trigger event. wow. must be Cauldron.
then is the cape just completely decoupled from all fighting
Yes.
#74
Yep.
GM
$claim 74 Tallahassee [Camtist] Tinker makes giant monster minion, injects cape juice for boosts.
honestly the trump's kinda light
for #s, I mean
tinker .7/master .2/trump .1? idk
Different thing.
$tinker .8
$trump .2
Bud off a Brute?
Isolation's maybe a little off in the future, tbh. I guess it's the threat of isolation, but that's kind of at an angle to real isolation.
by that logic all abusive spouse triggers are Master triggers
Hm. That gives me an idea.
Probabilities.
My thought: Stranger effect is personal and fragile, shattered on contact/collisions. Parahuman develops a secondary Thinker power that synergizes, but it's a little overbearing, alerts when it shouldn't do so.
Power generally draws away from touching people, on both angles.
Tallahassee
vanderhuge's
Stranger effect warps space around self, granting a small Stealth bonus, the capacity to fit through spaces they otherwise couldn't, and resistance/outright immunity to conventional projectiles. Being struck in melee ends the effect, hard to reestablish. Secondary Thinker power synergizes, can focus on a person to gain bonuses in interaction/combat with them, but reads all touch as a potential attack.
Not really sure on the secondary Thinker.
why
Bit generic, would be my issue.
Especially for a secondary.
Err, powerful for a secondary.
Doesn't feel very tied to the trigger, to me. Mom's not lying or anything.
Stranger effect warps space around self, granting a small Stealth bonus, the capacity to fit through spaces they otherwise couldn't, and resistance/outright immunity to conventional projectiles. Being struck in melee ends the effect, hard to reestablish. Secondary Thinker power synergizes, can focus on a person to gain bonuses in interaction/combat with them, but reads all touch as a potential attack.
not really attached to Thinker
@Kastor
Maybe, Thinker power grants bonuses dealing with people focused on them?
Lemme mechanize real quick.
Was thinking the manifestation of Stranger power, with a pretty nice defensive buff, fit for that.
Stranger effects grants +1 Stealth; can move through difficult to maneuver spaces, at least an inch on one side; line-focused projectiles suffer a -4 to to-hit (versus sweeping ones, e.g. flamethrower, certain Blaster powers). Power disrupted by being struck, attack action to reestablish. Has awareness of people focused on them, gains a bonus dice to close-quarters fighting (dodge, melee attacks) with such people.
well i mean
when can you not be "seen" in a current given hiding spot
$claim 88 Tallahassee [Thalia] Space-warping Stranger with minor Thinker bonus against people who can see them.
$stranger .8
$thinker .2
It was used, wasn't it?
Generally don't increment for used.
Right, Mr. Poopface.
No.
Wits is definitely the dumpstat.
Social is useful, but not mandatory.
Know defines how many skill points you have.
There is, it's pumping dex and guts so you can tank all attacks and attack multiple times per turn with a pile of bonus damage, then dumping Ath because you don't need to dodge.
bonus accuracy
don't do that though.
maybe i have a great concept for it.
your game has withstand as reduce a step though.
yeah but you can die if you lose combat.
don't even talk about me or my friend me ever again.
yeah. you guys.
Don't think so, no.
What's the gist of the trigger?
they're coming from the noobzone, obviously. I'd have thought you'd know, given it's your homeland. boom.
Isn't exposure therapy for phobias?
does anyone have a link to spotlight head's power sheet
Not really.
"Chasing after a fix" seems relevant. Short-term/tactical Thinker power that lays groundwork for long-term/strategic one?
That seems like it would collapse the first time something happens that you didn't expect/plan for. Which would be instantly because you're not a TV character.
either the +5 skill pips OR the +d6 sixes would be really good, both is probably too much.
Yeah, so you spend one round and then have three and a half autododges.
I'm thinking about how I'd do it.
Because it's a very powerful effect.
That would probably be, in terms of raw power, about right.
Maybe 1d2.
yeah
+the pile of skill points.
@Firlz: Yeah. I mean, it's a bit generic but I don't have anything better.
iri
with the 6s, it's like a regeneration power, kind of. You spend a full action, and gain (x) 6s, but they basically serve as ablative health for most purposes.
meh.
just go with the pips.
Get one (1) auto-roll of the d2 when you're down to one Wound (or fewer, if somebody multi-wounds you) remaining.
they were when they triggered.
yeah
$thinker 1
a life perk
>not using a manual
ishygddt
thank you.
is that how it works
oh, you can't even use it as a wall, really. lame.
Roketto tagu.
i didn't realize you were a ghost after having been hit by an 18 wheeler.
my apologies if i said anything anti-ghost.
?? i feel like it's one of the most common Mover powers.
I rolled one for Pueblo.
wait
isn't kitty-corner a teleporter.
in your campaign
well most Movers were genned before the Movers spreadsheet thing.
I think it should be a Brawn roll, not Athletics.
re: Faust's.
Yikes.
It should obviously be 9. Because 9 pairs of wheels. Jeez.
Wing, obviously. :^P
aye.
isn't that pretty much a boost though
I mean it's already going to suck a bunch of shit in and blow it out. Hard to get worse collateral by tacking on a rend.
how can spotlight head have it when he's a breaker already
that sounds more like a QoL boon
$luck true use
this feels like one of the old luck rolls that had you throw out whatever power you'd done
go back to being just ace, i hate change. it confuses me.
I've already changed nick, I'm not going back... besides there was too many A names and AceOfSpade wasn't very original" Oh cause there aren't any C names either??
who actually is active here with an A name other than Anti.
I guess Avnomke.
whereas, C: Cam, CoGo, CaptNameless, CupofCoffee.
You already changed one.
You're wanting a delivery mechanism for 'bow's effect, right?
There's no delivery mechanism in his writeup.
It's basically the effect-of a (Blaster/Striker)
On being struck with what, though, Nick.
Yeah, your gmail has your real name.
Which I thought was a fake name because it sounds like one.
I did keep coming back to "minion"-Blaster, but wasn't quite sure. Felt like double-dipping on themes, re: the Blaster effect being Master.
Draws a shadowy projectile out of darkness, targeting an enemy, vaguely 'claw' sfx. Range increment 40', but counts from point of emergence. LoS-limited. If the enemy is within 10' of the source of darkness, they suffer a -1 to defense, -2 if their attention is focused elsewhere. If hit by projectile, get the Regret debuff that 'bow wroteup. Doesn't count as an attack action - no damage.
less human-looking hand monster from Zelda, made of shadows.
sounds right
grabs the person and then dissipates.
@Bevillia: Requires darkness. I figure that it's one of those materials you can just count on being "around," and it's just a matter of how close/far it is.
Dubious.
Are morale cappers supposed to be "roll 1d5" or "roll 1d6, if it's 5+, it's 5."
The projectile emerges from the darkness and targets whoever. If they're near the darkness, it's a lot easier for it to surprise them.
I mean they're different curves.
1d5 is worse than 1d6 (max 5).
mean of 1d5 is 3, mean of 1d6-max-five is... uhh, some shit idr.
1/2/3/4/5/5 versus 1/2/3/4/5
wouldn't rolling a different type of die interfere with some skills?" Probably? I mean, it is a debuff. So good.
Such as?
Yeah, presumably.
@Words^3: A decently dark area. On the street in day: storm drain, under a garbage thingy, closed up building, etc. Indoors: under desk, room with lights off/no sunlight, etc. Outside, night: not under street lights, basically.

noice.
Is combative shard supposed to be either/or, or both at different times?
Combative shard: for first two rounds of a combat, can't get the "surprise/closeness" bonuses, I guess?
I mean it's not like it makes it awful or anything.
Could just make it proc in everyday scenarios, though.
the claw's not physical so it can go through grates and glass and crap, but you have to be able to see both target and darkness.
maybe there should be an electoral college for these things. certain people getting more votes, like me.
I get ten or perhaps even 11 votes.
It definitely feels like it's got weird overlap with the other end.
...with the other flaws, like, uhh, Apocrypha and shit.
sure
oh, claim.
claim
$claim 66 Cayo Huesa [Kura] Generates shadow hand that depresses people grabbed. No damage.
$blaster 1
yeah... your own!
it's $trigger
he's just afk i think
well
anyway, i think kastor wants his thingy too if people are still up for it"
"Being face to face with a threatening cape would be the most direct relationship in both proximity and separation"
trump
I don't think Four really fits. Null or One.
Imbues objects with "suction" effect. Draws unattended light objects towards them, curves projectiles, makes movement more difficult, etc. Personal immunity (and immunity for equipment). Power effects which pass through area get warped/degraded. Weapons and equipment enhanced by this effect slowly tick up in weight, becoming increasingly unwieldy/hard to use, but with bonuses to damage and durability while active.
Still makes it hard to move. Think light whirlpool effect.
Let me do a writeup.

Hm. Should probably note that the +armor is, like, +1 torso armor becomes +1 overall armor. I guess if the torso gets hit then it becomes +1 torso armor when you hit the +1 overall armor.
maybe a max level, too.
Yeah, just say 6 is max level.
since it takes a while to turn off
so you don't just get smothered
Eh. The armor boon can stack.
 thre
*there
Have you considered giving them the Changer power to turn into a moose and speak moose, Doctor Pupper?
look good, tubs?
ugh i forgot the "knock people off balance" effect.
 there
$claim 33 Cayo Hueso [Kastor] Suction Striker imbues objects: knocks projectiles off course, warps/degrades powers (Trump), enhances armor/weapons.
$striker .5
$trump .5
was just blaster, yeah.
yeah, that.
" There is also the light and armored aspect, so maybe something warrior-like." Oh, I meant light as in the opposite of heavy, not the opposite of darkness.
however many you feel like.
call him Stormbringer.
Weather...deliverer.
for example, my style is being extremely polite and kind at all times.
It's fine to do it that way, as long as the end result works.
Just because she totally failed in every single one of her goals via murdering the person she tried to save and also getting sent to china doesn't make her a joke." But enough about Schuyler, Gungnir, Helen, etc.
Durandal hasn't been taken yet, in WD/Worm." Pretty sure it came up in Old Lausanne.
How are you planning to handle the triggering?
Cool.
You see, Lexi, when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much...
Yes. Thal and Pink became twins ages ago and it is only now coming to fruition.
If I had stayed with you, you'd still be on the waiting list.
not really. they're just dopes.
gah. everyone keeps changing their names. first serk. then ace. now this guy.
so change it
maybe i should change my name to Decagon! Huh? How would you guys like that??
tetrahedron
only very slightly more effort than changing your name.
Rargh.
 me irl
i suggest you make it so your client automatically inserts your name/password/etc when you join, like what I do.
Which is...?
I don't know about irccloud.
that sounds like the kind of things a Tinker with a relevant specialty could make, sure.
Well. I mean it depends on the Tinker/Stranger.
nice link m8
Nach, upon Cwn getting stabbed in the butt whilst on the toilet by the ghost of Mortal Lock: "Good." (at line 470)
Cwn x Death
*extremely belatedly* Didn't tubes want to avoid Tinkers since it was a Birdcage escape campaign.
I thought they were escaping the convoy.
I feel like playing in the Birdcage would have canon issues.
hi tubs
he rolled it.
ppl didn't realize the GM wasn't on at first so there's a pre-luck power. or two.
Uhh. Training dummy Tinker that makes dummies that get bonuses in repeated fights against one person, or, Magi/Controller (?) hooks hardware into body/mind and uses it to control nanomachine clouds/oozes.
i think.
i weren't here so don't blame me.
you know whose name is really original. the many people who keep changing their names, confusing me and thereby making me angry.
sirocco is a wind.
yeah.
constantly changing your name.
you just showed the evidence for it.
yeah. change your names to dongs.
that name will ping me.
Llllloser.
IIIIIIdon't care.
write it like a regular trigger.
re: muh eyes
doing it as a legal opinion makes it disconnected from the triggeree and hard to get into their head.
i'm talking about the muh eyes one
you can still do that
but like
is the guy triggering because of the injustice? because he's going blind and knows there's no way out? rage at the judge? is he panicking, calm, morose?
those are facts
not feelings
yeah. I mean you could write it to emphasize the degenerative illness aspect, the injustice aspect, the poverty/lack of resources aspect, and then there's frames you can look at those through, and they'd probably influence the power and without them it'd be a bit rudderless and the genners would have to make it up.
which trigger # was that again
punch is about presentation
+ suction because you're a fake master and draw people in. or something like that. idr exactly.
it's interconnected
you touch stuff, suction effect applies to them, they get ticking up bonuses.
and some penalties
Kastor: put a linebreak between paragraphs in Haruspex
err. two linebreaks?
actually in general
if you want to do a paragraph break do two line breaks or put that option on that basically does that automatically that i don't remember the name of.
or indents
i guess.
GMing isn't a popularity contest. I write to have fun." GMing isn't a popularity contest... for you.
i saw a bunch of posts over the past 4 hours and thought that tell had finally done the gen, but no, it's this.
How do you recommend that I do that in an elegant manner?" Trigger events build to a crescendo, so focus on what establishes context for the final point, and what the final point actually is. It should be a little story with a clear ending, and a lead-in that builds to and culminates in the ending.
tubes disappeared in a puff of logic. rip. (at line 266)
_c 216-197-12
_c 5+5+3+5+2+3+3+3+2+3
tomorrow or wednesday.
where's the npc battles.
I won that argument." God am I glad you died.
"Not my call, and not really up for debate," he says. "By, 'not really', I mean you could debate it, but you wouldn't be winning that argument."
the argument about whether she stays in a prison cell
instead she stays in the morgue. bitch. fucker. noob.
it's a completely disproportionate over the top reaction to totally reasonable behavior on other people's part, with only destructive consequences and after the fact 0 remorse or regret, making Ashcloud Akira's death one of the best things that happened to the Sicol Bend PRT.
Oz dying was a destructive consequence.
Damnatio memoriae.
look at it this way, Saff: at least Cwn Annwn is better than Ashcloud Akira.
Ashcloud Akira is worse than Deep-Six.
Well, was.
Also dead.
My enemies fall before me with pitiable ease.
I don't have a grudge against Ashcloud Akira, she's dead and buried and I have no reason to care any longer. But when Panda comes in it's like somebody did a seance with her and she says "I don't regret it at all! Hell, I'd do it again! My only mistake was not killing Playpen!"
the most badass dude in the universe.
is our session today or tomorrow, anti?
you're in Texas, right?
So 2 PM-ish?
$classes
ain't that real Master tho?
I'm not a huge fan of "somebody who is not you suffers and/or dies" triggers in general, so I can't evaluate it that well.
$trigger 36
this is used i'm pretty sure.
for a vern game, I think? Mishie said it was "literally" (note: it was not literally) his trigger for the doctor guy from whatever au campaign scrags run. was some tinker with a Breaker secondary. can somebody confirm?
I'm on your laptop?
wait hang on
I looked up trigger 36 in the logs and it's trigger 28 there?
okay so Pink DID roll luck
he's the one who rolled trigger 28
former 28, now 36
okay it looks like it was never claimed. i don't know how its number increased though.
my worry is it might have been incremented for.
hmm.
I don't see it getting claimed later... maybe when the trigger doc moved it got rearranged?
eh, whatever.
you rolled what is currently trigger 36
for some vern game
generally speaking Worm does not treat capes as a minority group in any meaningful sense.
Think Anti + I are doing Cleveland in about an hour.
I remember what happened. I beat up some dude who made teleporting rock pillars and made him run off crying, then kidnapped a Blackjack (?) drug dealer.
I don't remember why I kidnapped him now that I think about it.
cool fact: if you get an extension to make your browser pretend to be an iphone on docs.google.com, it automatically makes everything mobilebasic (or htmlview, for spreadsheets). so nice and convenient.
i use the desktop view on my desktop. not my laptop with 2gb of ram.
"Chrome User-Agent Spoofer" for Chrome.
user agent spoofer [browser] should find one if you're not using chrome.
put docs.google.com in domain and iphone 6 in user agent string.
you'll have to turn it off if you want to edit stuff though.
"Hey, dipshit. It ever occur to you that I'm getting stronger the longer the fight goes on, while you're getting battered and bruised and beaten?" Hopefully he doesn't notice she's concussed. "Stop wasting my time and fuck off, before I pulp your guts with some more of your own stupid rocks." ||
 nach ftw.
*in the Palpatine voice* I love violence. I love murder.
wtc
the only secret is how soon i'm going to put my boot up your ass. you're dead, kid.
I'll smash your kneecaps so I can say that to your face.

She can, and she did. What're you going to do about it?
lifelong crook
because torturing people is about technique, not size.
me to me: I don't even remember who that guy is.
Did other people capture her targets for her?" probably at least some of the time.
a semiprime number.
so she's one of the following ages: 4, 6, 9, 10, 14, 15, 21, 22, 25, 26, 33, 34, 35, 38, 39, 46, 49, 51, 55, 57, 58, 62, 65, 69, 74, 77, 82, 85, 86, 87, 91, 93, 94, or 95.
i only have Brawn 4.
I'm wearing armor.
Nach yes.
Double 6s... a perfect three pointer!
Damn it's true.
Mess with the best, die like the rest.
Yes, it's normal to notice when I roll 6s and decide it's divine fortune that I managed to land one hit, and not notice when I roll 1s and have to completely change my course of action.
!search tribal
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 467)
My average roll this session is 3.6.
a whole 0.0909... over the mathematical average.
the standard error on that sample is .4, which is well above my actual deviation. Enough! Dice magic is not real! Every time anybody says it's happening, a math check confirms the results are actually just average! You are deluded!
Headshots have to be confirmed.
My winning personality and endless charm, obviously.
smdh
Zalgo thing?
This is a totally normal roll set: 5,2,1,2,5,2,6,3,2,2,1,3,1,6,3,6,6,5,3,3,6,6. Mean ~3.6, std errr .4. Haters try to do the math, they can't because they don't know what a standard error is.
Gahaha.
there's also 2 2s in a row, and 2 3s in a row.
the power of self-actualization.
Same.
Nach is very florid.
Coon.
Sounds vaguely racist don't it.
Not even vaguely, really.
it's pronounced pawn.
great idea
Given that to pawn something implies ownership, pawn makes sense.
I think Pink wants her to roll again.
redeemed amphetamine queen
re: age
Trump 2 and/or 3. Muscle seems appropriate.
Reach/height emphasis for Brute, tying into high perch of hero.
Trump 3 - "rejected by a cape who led you on with the idea you could be a sidekick".
Sure. It's two disconnected trigger stimuli - being beaten, and the person betraying you - which iirc tends to two somewhat reduced powers (versus interconnected, which would be Breaker).
I mean, the trigger specifically mentions "the raw physical trauma" "being beaten to death" "wailing on you," etc.
I was actually thinking of a Striker/Master power I'd made for something else that dulls emotions/volition - seems fitting.
Brute, some middling stat bonuses, increased height/reach. I'm imagining an aggressive manifestation of Trump 3 - beat somebody into submission to... hm. Each strike on a powered individual gathers 'motes' of power? And can spend motes to manifest elementally aspected Brute/Striker stuff.
lol
Hmm.
Maybe? Don't think a power ever got genned.
If we did.
Reach Brute + Duelist Trump 3. Power mimicry procs on entering and staying in melee range with an individual, wanes immediately on them leaving it. Light, Brute/Striker-ish manifestations. Emotional effect on parahuman (i.e. Saff) themself, making them suffer social maluses to interact with target, become aggressive, etc, the longer they stay in close. Basically, not for friendlies. Can suppress.
then she'll have an easy time RPing it.
Muscle Brute package. Get big, boosts to stats, increase melee reach.
iirc Pink isn't a big fan of disrupt/drain Trump variants.
I could almost see it as like... conjuring a pseudo-Changer, larger-than-life, "shield"? That can be sent off like a minion. But... ehn. That's Blue Bomber but a Master.
wow look at all these amazing dice luck god rolls guys. oh wait you only notice when it's good rolls and decide I'm magic!
Oh, how about, keep the gathering motes element (either duelist or via beatdown), can use motes to 'imbue' nearby materials with life, creating a minion with powers aspected to the stolen cape's.
Copied cape's, I suppose I should say.
which one that
I am so close to lying and saying Full Throttle is Protectorate, even though it's an obvious lie.
"As far as people know"?
Anyway, the reason it's unreasonable is cause his costume look like a dishrag.
Yeah... cause you don't want me to laugh at how dumb they are.
!*
I barely do anything.
That's my secret.
My current iteration, I think - Reach Brute: bulk up, tick up stats, gain reach/height/move speed. When laying the beat down on a cape, gathers [power energy], can use to imbue ground/inert materials, causing it to come to life with a [power element] effect (stronger minion/power the more energy gathered first).
power energy being from guy getting hit
rip full throttle.
Qui audet adipiscitur.
Maybe he shouldn't have FUCKing attacked my boy Full Throttle.
Awww yeah.
Man the line breaks in that trigger (41) are not good.
8 messages? cripes.
Apology... not accepted!
I'm fine, it's Full Throttle who's at risk.
He my boy.
They said Wits wasn't a dump stat. They were wrong.
It ain't been updated for triggrs what ain't had powers made for them.
Anyway, of like 90 triggers, only 10 are Trumps, and Trumps are about 5 behind where they oughtta be, so I don't think it'll really distort it that much. Definitely stop now though.
10? 11?
how could you know she's a cape without knowing what her power is.
anyway iirc that's scrags' waifu in Detroit.
wow look at these great rolls. 0. 0. 0. 0.
It's still a dump stat. *said through bitter tears*
yieah let me just run with a 3-line lmao. not.
Has it yet?
hurr look at these great rolls. *rolls a 2 on 2h6*
yeah social pressure where everybody wants it to be one way, when actually it's the other way, can make a changer.
I could almost see Tinker.
Magi - Tinkers that focus on utility or self improvement
Highly mobile bodysuit, flight emphasis (going to jump), but little in the way of defense (delicate/fragile). Offensive options oriented around focused beam weapons that require some time/setup (everyone being hyperfocused on the para).
It depends on how long it takes for them to ramp up. If it's just a round or two, combats don't end that quick.
trigger 69 (!!)
'Flowing' Changer state. Skin peels and strips away, creating a sort of fleshy scarf/cape/etc material that flows around them, skeletal, thin and tall doll-like figure emerges beneath. During a fight, each [dodge? flowing proc?] in melee gets a little strip of the parahuman's "skin" on the target, causing [effect].
Could combo with like, secondary Tinkr who makes a glaive.
you could get on a waitlist. gahaha. that's a joke. because you won't be here when your turn comes around.
It's good for me that Ashcloud Akira is dead.
Hell, most of the dead people in Sicol Bend are good for me. But AA especially.
uh because you murdered one of the PRT capes for minimal reason and even now, like a year later, think your only mistake was not killing Playpen.
Then I guess it's good for me that Ashcloud Akira is dead, isn't it?
I don't even know who Candela is, that's how far beneath my notice you are.
It's in character for me to be glad that AA is dead rather than running around Sicol Bend murdering more PRT capes.
Mishie's the one who wanted you to know, Panda.
Like he said. Nothing new.
lmao. Owned.
That's like the fourth contested roll that's me rolling +1 and him rolling +3 and the first one I won.
I'm sure my arms woulda been fine.
Yes!
It probably needs a little something, like the ability to use/pull clinging ribbons somehow, or a secondary Tinker.
I want to say Focal x Binary, two-mode spear/glaive/naginata? Iunno.
Should've gone down the first time.
I just KO'd them.
they were both good. unfortunately, i'm better. *flexes*
what do you do as a victorious villain who just KO'd two other villains.
As you wish, spelt.
seriously though do i kill these guys or what.
Seismic did attack my boy Full Throttle and break his leg
And I warned him.
maybe you're supposed to call the cops?
what's the doc with the rep rules
thought it was play guide but apparently not
Anyway. *mournfully* Remember, short people get less rep.
i'm not seeing it anti
What's your Miami Tinker?
maybe bow set it to private :^)
brb
oh it's just in the gameplay doc. i remember it being separate.
Sorry non gimme a sec. Grilling some sandwiches." It's fine - brb, like I said.
Just got back.
rip Blackjack.
You gotta pickle 'em in formaldehyde first, obv.
you're the guy who gets mauled by the tiger.
no wait you're the tiger's dead wife.
$help join
I'm working on it. Trying to figure out how to do secondary Tinker that works with the Changer.
He said who they are.
Vorpal?
Changer primary. Skin peels and strips away, creating flesh ribbons that flow around a skeletal, thin and tall doll-like figure which emerges beneath. Gains +1 Ath and if the opponent rolls a 1, 2, or 3, they always miss, and if in melee, one of the ribbons attaches to them and inflicts a vertigo effect.
Secondary Tinker power, creates a spear/naginata/glaive-esque weapon, alternates between a relatively conventional cut/slash/stab mode, and an elementally charged mode which is stronger, but has very limited charges/heavy cooldown, and is enhanced for each 'ribbon' attached to the target.
Pink? What you think?
oh and elementally charged one clears the ribbons. probably.
am I in paranoia mode or is this SUPER suspicious.
'oh let me offer medical assistance. and by that i mean call an ambulance. and by that i mean text somebody and tell you it's an ambulance.'
She lost though?
I don't think Playpen's a pre-teen.
99% of the time when people say they're 99% sure of something they are actually only like 50% certain of something.
You have to be God.
Playpen's got some social disability because she was raised in somebody's attic or something dude. You picked on an autistic girl.
Dead people can't run for President.
if you're dead then your vice president becomes the president.
pretty sure just in general.
the real pvp starts hre
*here
the real pvp starts here:
let's make it a secret session, anti.
Sun-Wed.
Friday's not going to be free any longer come next week.
Sure.
No problem.
Sorry I dropped out. Irrelevant now but I don't particular like the ribbon thing, that's much more Breaker than Changer." Not really? I mean it's just flesh strips. It's like a lizard that can abandon its tail combined with a jellyfish or something. No physics breaking. I mean hell you could even pretend there's nerves in the ribbons, unlike, say, Hookwolf or Fog.

that's a huge, dare i say offensive, oversimplification.
what, like what Lumen has?
I just do the same things but with a different powerset.
I mean, a group of powers that draw off the same battery is how basically every ST system works.
Storyteller. WoD/Exalted.
No.
Lots of fragmented spending levels works better in Exalted than in WD, I suspect, since everyone has access to them so it's like a bidding war against your opponent and there's strategy there. But in WD, almost everyone has static defenses they can't raise or lower, so it seems like it'd wind up being a very solvable problem.

Glaive.
You have my attention.
I'm not seeing it on the cape database doc.
Changer primary, tall/thin with flowing flesh ribbons that attach to people in melee. Tinker secondary, spear tech that alternates between conventional and heavy/elemental (with the latter having high cost/cooldown).
is your character a boy or a girl, saff
Izanami? Rotting flesh associations for the Changer side of things, used the heavenly spear Ame-no-nuboko.
wow. i found it by googling legendary spears.
Guandao?
"On modern versions, a red sash or tassel is attached at the joint of the pole and blade."
Sashay.
just steal Anti's.
the ten most common surnames in mainland China are Wang (王), Li (李), Zhang (张), Liu (刘), Chen (陈), Yang (杨), Huang (黄), Zhao (赵), Wu (吴), and Zhou (周).
keep in mind that the sound which is transliterated to Zh in Chinese sounds much more like a J than anything else.
yeah i know all those symbols
it's like a J but you put your tongue on the roof of your mouth or something.
yeah
yeah. like i said. sounds like a J.
Changer primary, tall/thin with flowing flesh ribbons that attach to people in melee. Tinker secondary, spear tech that alternates between conventional and heavy/elemental (with the latter having high cost/cooldown).
I'm actually not really sure about the primary/secondary language, though. I feel like they're both about as good.
Two mid-tier powers.
Yeah, but in a fight she's going to be going all wuxia style with ribbons and a spear.
Skitter's isn't weak.
Anyway, when I'm talking about tiering here I'm talking about the relative strength/importance of a handful of powers. Stronger/easier/more reliable = more primary, weaker/harder/more intermittent = more secondary/tertiary.
So Skitter's Master primary with Thinker secondary (which emerges over the course of Worm).
Flechette has her Striker as a primary, plus some Thinker secondary.
timing?
the Thinker doc mentions "Split Thinker," with two mid-tier powers (Thinker + another).
being a Tinker.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 467)
Even if his move had procced successfully, I doubt it would've killed me in one hit, and he would've lost that insane Withstand bonus. You assume that when I roll a 6 and succeed, I must have evaded the worst of all things, because you don't know what I evaded.
Tired of losing fights? Just don't get hit, suggest experts.
Anti has a Brute who gets an even bigger bonus from a power hitting him and he lost to Firlz (??).
My recommendation: don't fight multiple people at the same time.
I recommend making every fight a 5v1, with you the 5.
That's not what happened, though.
I beat Seismic Surfer, then I beat Boxcars.
Sick of losing? Try winning more.
It's worked so far.
lol
#DamnIt'sTrue
The worst decision of Weaver Dice. It was by... come to think about it, his name was... it was you. Damn!
lol
Vern is sad, we bullied him too much.
I mean if you're worried about spoilers, seems like asking about all the capes is a little silly.
[15:12:42] * [Dolyn] idle 00:00:15, signon: Wed Jan 25 05:47:27
somebody needs to.
It would be badass.
I forgot before making Stray, but BDSM is pretty white anyway so w/e.
If I close my eyes and listen, it's like I can still hear his voice...
Stray is from the suburbs, those are white." I think you set that, since lord knows I don't know how Detroit is laid out.
Having one.
Oh yeah. She's from out of town, so that he could socially isolate her from her support group.
Albany, I think.
what is never born can never die.
Then you're the prettiest girl at the ball.
Speaking of newbie games, Case 53s seem like they'd be useful for a bottle game.
You can get the normal range of RP/combat/character creation/definition but then just dump the person into an arbitrary scenario of your choosing.
I bet if you asked the GM nicely he'd tell you no and to go sit in the corner.
Kosho isn't a playtest cape, he's a spit test cape. And he fails.
Is this character wheelchaired confined.
I'm sorry, let me correct that: is this character wheelchair confined and severely autistic?
Ath 1 Soc 1. Get outta here.
_c 3+1+5+2+1+5+5
hell he's even got an extra stat point
not only is he clearly minmaxed in violation of the rules, he also has too many stat points.
The backstory fails to mention his debilitating physical and social maladies.
The Most Illegal Character In Weaver Dice.
think he meant as is
c53 campaigns are like "You wake up in the dungeon with none of your items or any memory" except that everybody knows that's what they're signing up for.
Someone *can*. But will they? Unlikely.
and i want a high-paying job in actuarial science.
where's the spelt game
Yes.
That's his character concept.
teller (pbuh) did.
just read Nachzehrer's sessions. she's the best character. you can tell because she's played by me, the best person.
Sicol Bend, Cleveland, Lausanne, San Raul. Also technically Bogota and Detroit.
Baltimore.
Easily. Boom.
*saved
I don't count dead campaigns.
My skill is rapidly working out patterns, and my playstyle is aggressive and straightforward.
what's the point of arguing with dice luck people. if evidence would persuade them, they wouldn't be dice luck people.
$seen drom*
you should read Lausanne since there's only like ten sessions grand total between everybody.
also most of the players are good and the ones that aren't tend to die.
Very carefully.
I'm pretty sure he improvs the NPCs for the most part.
including powers.
That explains so much tubes... wait that doesn't explain anything.

Too true, Anti.
Anti owns a cat? Friendship with Anti ended.
It is but it's not funny at all.
You might've claimed them?
Or were for your game.
"Panda, you're kinda flaky." - said in the voice of Teruzi.
I don't flake out, I just disappear for months at a time at random. - not aflake
is fairbanks the one I submitted Nenet to.
when do I get in with my great character.
you heard the man, Fairbanks peeps.
die.
Too late. The friendship is ended.
hey when do i get to play my hawaii character
oh you did flake on that
I remember. We set it up.
And then I was there the whole day.
And no session happened.
If you ever wanted to play detroit you'd be in it nona" You always ask when I'm busy and I don't want to spelt you.
Yes.
He understands the meaning perfectly fine, spelt, he merely chooses not to.
So do you think everybody else is stupid enough to fall for such an obvious farce?
"They're dope, don't worry" *worrying intensifies*
GMPCs are good if they're dorky losers who the PCs treat as comic relief.
it's $entience, Ellardy.
$roll 1d6 Cashy is woe.
remember that time i beat two Blackjack capes in a row with my mad 1v1 skills.
i remember 'cause it was two days ago.
I'm just good at the game, tubs.
Ashcloud Akira died.
IIRC the only character I've had bite it was a one shot chara in a Panda murderbox who, also, was the last person to die as the world turned to lava.
No, it was where we were all mercs trying to find some dude's daughter and were driving off, then a bad guy who was immune to bullets showed up, made the floor lava, and then made the car lava.
what are you confused about, Saff?
we were unpowered
avenge this. *tosses all these psychos in prison*
Anti's gang broke my last batch out, but Anti's gang is dead now so no one can stop me.
Ashcloud wasn't under my watch so it's more like 60-40.
'twas a heart attack.
No?
A member of Anti's gang arranged for Coy and Furor to get broken out.
iirc.
Alright bitch when I get Abby I'll ship her to the Birdcage. How do you like that?
'tis.
He was acting at their behest.
And anyway, I learned how to hurt him.
By using a small autistic child.
No.
Maybe a Tinker gun could.
Probably.
the lobby of what
can it still be called the Keeper's HQ now that Schuyler's gone.
Man, I get to arrest a lot of people. Abby. Coy.
why would i not.
Hmm. This Gungnir guy died under suspicious circumstances. Investigation found worrisome material in Abby's room, suggesting she's not being properly cared for. Then the next morning, Schuyler's chest exploded from the inside out. Meh. No reason to check it out.
Obviously Abby murdered Gungnir and used her gut bomb to get Schuyler to cover for her, then when Schuyler had a crisis of conscience, she killed him too. No other explanation.
Old enough to be sent to prison for life for double premeditated homicide.
I think Caul's real name is Alexander. But he's not the Alex that is Abby's brother.
I mean, if she was a regenerating Brute or something it's not like they'd hack her limbs off.
There's probably a procedure for cybernetics Tinkers and I doubt it's to leave them limbless.
So would a Brute's being super strong though.
Yes, but most Tinkers don't have their tech incorporated into their body.
I mean they didn't hack Bonesaw up when they had her captive, for ex.
And they already have to deal with people with powers in prison, which is basically what a cybernetics Tinker is.
I mean, I dunno Abby's exact loadout. But she's probably not appreciably worse than some random Brute/Blaster.
what's with my Heart Will Go On on recorder. I mean other than the fact that it's Bet music.
err. Aleph.
Why no 'my heart will go on' ringtone teller?" I had the very same question.
He's going to be in big trouble when he gets sent to prison for obstruction of justice and accessory to murder.
so my guy is a hyperspecialist. does he really get everything in list a, b and c?" He can build that stuff. Generally I think you give a weapon and armor, with appropriate pattern, and maybe like three things off C?
to start.
unless you're starting right after the trigger
you bother Anti or Bow to do it.
what's the spec
specialty. of the hyperspecialist tinker.
Bodysuit means a Tinker costume which doesn't, and can't, provide Armor.
why did he pay $55 for a cosmo.
what's the context here
_c 55/(1.25)
So he paid $44 for a cosmo?
$44 for a cosmo and $11 tip.
really, the main problem would just be that you could get unlucky and grab someone who can't trigger" That's not really "unlucky," given that the odds are, to be generous, a fraction of one percent.
 how does this look so far?" unless "5 rounds to shoot" means you have to sit there for five in-game rounds, then the 2h gun is way too powerful.
crit pierce is instagibs.
the old rulebook gun stats are really insane.
many of the guns are so hyperlethal they have a strong chance of killing a Brute in one hit.
Well. One round.
what's the spec again?
do you have the power writeup or whatever.
as in when the power was created, what was set in stone.
Is the Tinker stuff supposed to be a secondary or a primary?
i mean, are they a Blaster who can also do some Tinkerings for breadth, or a Tinker who uses a Blaster power that fuels their Tinkerings?
Ah.
here's a crack at it, lysa: 
"Lausanne (hiatus), Hoisington (hiatus), Baltimore (on Hiatus), Detroit, Grantsville, Ontario, Spokane, Tampa?, Raleigh, Honolulu" *pours one out for all these dead games*
And I'm pouring one out for the dead ones.
Hm?
what game
well i'm here
Blaster
#36
"Bubble" Stranger. Generates a static, immobile force bubble around the parahuman, hiding its contents (hiding effect), provides some mobility boosts since it can hold the para (sort of scramble up roofs, avoid long falls, etc). Bubble pierced by attacks in/out, harder to put back up after being broken. Blaster power stocks up shots, once per round, to a maximum of three. Can fire all of them off in a single burst.
Bubble Stranger for being trapped in the house, having a child to protect, the "get a sniper perch," mobility boost is to combo with a Blaster power. Blaster power is barrage-type, oriented towards alpha strikes/long pauses to fit with Stranger element.
It's a stealth bonus. No immunity to damage, just requires, like, a targeted application of force rather than just the person inside resting their weight on it.
It just breaks if somebody shoots it, or punches it, or, etc.
You can go up walls and such, like with a n immovable rod.
really slow gliding, too.
I was thinking like, you jump, activate power, it's now off the ground, repeat. Climb up walls to help get further up inside bubble. Since it spawns around you. Though you could have it spawn externally. Definitely more "get places you couldn't otherwise" than "get places faster."
Also good to get a weird sniper perch
Element for blasts?
Hm. Tying into the sniper perch thing, power manifests in hands and can eject as projectile, or hold sheer surfaces. Manifests as creeping alien vines that grab/tear stuff they touch.
lemme check
$lesser rend
Nah, make it cut.
I did a bunch of PMs.
Rend has some nasty brawn crippling effects
and it's secondary Blaster
Yeah.
should I do a mechanical writeup or do you tend to play more fast and loose.

$claim 36 Berlin [Nick] Stranger makes sessile bubbles they can perch in, with secondary power creating a slow-to-charge barrage of Blaster shots.
$stranger .8
$blaster .2
what's up
turns into a helicopter and speaks helicopter.
since we're ignoring Shaker...
Short-lived Breaker state involves slamming forward. In state, moves 30-60' (chosen at outset, attack action to enter) in a straight line, targets suffer moderate bash, pushed aside. Targets that won't move (e.g. walls) are broken through/shattered. Makes spinning, "drilling" movement when in Breaker state.
Each time the Breaker state collides with something, parts of it shatter off as "dust" cloud with same SFX, cause lightening effect on those within 20' of point of collision, reducing weight by ~20lbs each time. At 0 or below, weightless; beforehand, increases pushback of appropriate effects. Effect declines at about one per few minutes.
Can save a half-action (not necessarily attack), spending it to activate power reactively, allowing them to roll Wits in addition to normal defense to enter state at such a time that the attack can't connect.
alright bye
Short-lived Breaker state involves slamming forward. In sta - Pastebin.com ] - pastebin.com
where da gen at
Momentum or die Brute?
He did.
From the panicky stuff, was thinking it lends itself towards a frantic power, where you have to keep going and hitting and such or it winds down/out.
them flipping out
what's this then
this power. feels a bit like it's just stabbing, in practice.
magic
Striker power imbues a weapon. Opponents struck with the weapon are tethered to the parahuman - they can't break out of melee range without passing a DC 7 check, and have reduced mobility to boot (-1 Ath). Additionally, this connection serves to enhance the parahuman's own power. For each individual currently tethered to the parahuman, they have an effective point of armor and +1 Brawn, as an ablative shield is created around them.
Note that if the parahuman leaves (15'?) range of those struck, the tether is severed. When tethers are broken due to this or other effects (e.g. allies dragging them out), broken ablative armor points are lost *first*, healthy ones last.
oh, Brawn
I guess? 15' max range though on the tethers.
Imbue a knife. Bam.
I mean. Sure?
get ardeur
get ardeur
$trigger 7
$seen ColdGold
$claim 7 Berlin [ColdGold] Striker power imbues weapons to tether others to stay in close, and gains improving Brute package the more people that are tethered.
$striker .5
$brute .5
did that power get claimed and incremented for.
that's not the right syntax.
$unclaim 537
$claim 86 Tallahassee [Kastor] Switches between breaker states with a striker power based on reality alteration. Understands multiversal powers. 
what should be incremented.
you lean towards Breaker over the Breaker's sub-powers. My eyes glazed over reading this power gen so idk if it's Breaker with sub-Striker or Breaker and also Striker.
that's like .1 thinker at best.
that's all powrs
$thinker -.1
$breaker .1
whatever happened to AceOfSpade. I miss him. He was cool. Cooler than this Clawford guy.
Google translate is garbage as fuck" You have to look at the synonyms/alternate meanings of the words. Knechtschaft also translates as "servitude" or "slavery".
...
what power did anti get again
Ah, right. That one.
It's an attack action to enter iirc so it's 1/round.
Well, the reflex defense isn't.
iirc Tuzi's a manlet so he's no threat.
They resist you easily, since you're a manlet.
I'm about average height.
Nobody uses the power testing cards.
So, has anyone ever used power testing cards with their characters?" No.
Tomorrow, I think.
Is it because of the thing I did?
No, you could freely join my Protectorate team with your exploding legs.
Bad news, tubs.
the typical use would be "they arrive at Anne's door."
trying to decide between napping before my session with Anti or taking some caffeine.
Ave.
do it at, uh, 3:30?
am I in Cleveland and I'm just not seeing it on the list
maybe in Earth-Bet they use a different letter.
vVMeth_PrincessVv
One guy isn't all of Earth Bet.
Yeah, we killed off half the Cleveland Protectorate.
depends on which half.
Cwn Annwn, Lumina, Valiant, and Feral.
I'm really good at the game, what can I say.
You can believe it or not, it's your choice.
Won't change the truth.
feels good
that's what you get for blowing him up.
Abby: I'll get wasted and blow up Schuyler. What could go wrong?
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE WOLF CAPE IN TOWN" Pretty sure that he was a wolf cape first.
Famous last words.
I'm not a coward, so all my sessions are public.
does anyone else feel like Loup-Garou has softened since his introduction.
*said in the voice of someone with Stockholm syndrome*
the system really starts to buckle under pressure when you start making people do multiple wounds per round or let them do crits, without some very serious limitations.
I would honestly not give people a "real" sniper rifle. It effectively makes you stop playing the same game as everybody else, where either you win (instantly, since your gun instagibs), or you're forced to play the same game as everybody else but without anything relevant.
You could probably make a reasonably fun subsystem for a sniper-versus-sniped thing, with play and counterplay. But WD does not have such a subsystem.
I'd do it something like: "[Tinker Sniper Rifle] Range increment 100', resetting to fire again is a half action, shots are an attack action. If target is less than 20', -1 penalty. If in melee, -2. Successful shots deal 2 moderate wounds."
Also, and perhaps most importantly, Number Man isn't a PC in an RPG.
if you spend all day every day in snek form and Abby blows up your legs, what happens.
actually, probably the signal wouldn't get to the legs. so you'd be safe.
Keep Scared
Katja Sneak is probably it.
Me.
Problem?
Is this a prelude scene or is Audrey going to try to kill herself *again*?
Me: *tries to make a good power* Saff: *epically trolls me by suiciding immediately*
Me: *tries to make a good power* Saff: *epically trolls me by suiciding immediately*
You didn't suicide with her, did you?
death wish hyperaggression is totally different.
make her think it is a sin to make a good first impression and phrase everything she says or does in the most unsympathetic manner possible.
(in complete deadpan) It's not that funny.
there are too many people in Detroit with canon names. let's feed them all into a wood chipper so things are less confusing.
all the more reason to mack on her.
You understand nothing if you think that will dissuade anybody.
oh no, not a purity pledge card, so unsexy.
Here are the things that will stop a guy wanting to mack on you: being literally physically repulsive, being a direct blood relation of his, and, uhh. I'm sure there's more but none come to mind.
the male gaze is like the Eye of Sauron, in that the only way to truly escape it is to be beneath its notice. (at line 52)
They're being considerate and making sure you notice the light turned green.
Wow, weird that they would honk at you then.
maybe he had a stroke
you'd kill like one person.
tops.
I already did, remember?
Yeah. And my side suffered 0 parahuman fatalities, while yours ultimately suffered 1.
He deserved a medal.
Remember that time, when whatshershit punched me, and Anti accidentally did Coldhand's trigger event instead of mine?
e basically the same character, when you think about it. Fire and ice. Star crossed lovers. & so forth.
*we're
he probably deleted it from the logs
pls no bully
Are they actually injured?
5 armor is a lot and the trigger doesn't really feel very Three tome.
What power, Turn?
That has four armor "naturally" "quite easily"
Figuring out the best way to take down a cape's power is one of the funnest part of WD though.
Parahuman generates power-inhibiting sludge, a grey-black ooze which is hot to the touch and drips from them and hardens into protective but easily shattered layers. While it's liquid, successful strikes bind/inhibit powers, and while it's solid, it blocks power effects from passing through or reduces them in intensity. Shattered bits serve as caltrops, but are too weak to apply any power dampening effect.
Can voluntarily refresh to turn it back to liquid, takes a few rounds to harden again, during which they don't have defenses up. Defenses are [2-3] layers of ablative protection that block any attack, including most high-end powers, then shatter, creating the caltrop effect. Probably a couple options on how to attack when it's liquid; spray, grapple/bind, etc.
I don't think they're that interesting. They're almost always Trumps, for one. A thin subsection of them, at that.
I was told he was injured.
Wait. How injured?
Oh, if it's just one lesser wound, yeah, I'd move away from Brute towards Mover, Striker, and/or Blaster.
I could see it Object or Enchantment Blaster. A step removed from the perpetrator, right?
yeah but the wisps are projections, right?
Generates a flat, whirling discus, about 5' in diameter, which they, or their allies, can stand on. Typically, inflicts Mod Cuts; when it cuts a parahuman, their power's reduced a step (-1 to DCs, reduce mod to 1/2 chance mod 1/2 chance lesser, etc). Discus moves at up to 60' per round. Can't slow/change direction fast enough to attack the same target twice in one turn, however.
Can position discus as shield, serving as cover; if the attacker rolls modified 6+ (4+ if the attack deals 2 mods or more), it's shattered and the parahuman has to manifest it again (attack action), otherwise it holds.
Sure.
Yeah, spelt. Or fly around on it.
whichever skills logically could apply to a giant discus thing apply. which probably isn't a lot.
Mentally directed.
Aim/Gunfight applies, Barrage doesn't, I'd say.
Basically, whatever skills make sense. The ranged skills aren't 100% finished yet I don't think.
well what's his Wits
Eh, sure. free +1
Anyway, I think it's supposed to be more an elementally related secondary than an alternate application of the same power.
Oh, I know. Thin force field on self, doesn't provide armor against mundane attacks or most Brutes, but counts as one tick of ablative armor against powered attacks (fireballs, these things, etc). Grants +1 Brawn while active.
Regenerates after, idk, a half hour.
It's a free point of armor and a free +1 to a stat.
So does health.
Only if you take down an enemy?
I'm almost done.

accidentally on purpose
"I didn't really get anything useful done, but I also didn't die." - tubes, every night before he goes to sleep.
The portal tinker's main booster isn't its melee weapons, yeah. They're meant to be middling.
yeah but most people don't really use the specialties as written or use them as vague jumping off points for a more specific manifestation.
What power is it?
mods remove the channel limit
Oh yeah, that one.
I think basically everybody whose Tinker tables I've ever seen does them differently. I know I have to sketch back and forth between List A and B to work out how to make it come together like I'd like, whereas if the Tinker guide is anything to go by, 'bow just does List A and then List B.
Teller's Tinker tables look different beyond just order. I dunno Anti's process.
It's not about competition, it's methodology.
_c 12+11+10+9+8+7+6+5+4+3+2+1
I understand bow has his own purposes in making insane piles of tables, but I'm dubious that making a full writeup of 78 power types and 100 fully written elements (or whatever) is that great for helping with power gen.
I feel like Power Armor Vehicle is just a really big mech.
There are sizes between 10' and skyscraper.
like RTL or whatever his name was in Oakland
Anyway, it's obviously a transformer.
@Anti: Yeah, it's a fine way to practice (parts of) power creation, and to carve up and use ideas elsewhere later. Same as my pregen doc, really. But I think there's both, a) a lot of work that goes into that, proportionate to value, and b) people have a natural inclination to try to be creative and put their own spin on things, to the point that it can feel unsatisfying to have 50 things because then you're like, "alright, what can I do 
that's not like one of these. No, that's like this one. No, that's like that one."
Racism.
It's a classic, Ell.
she hates heroes. she hates people who are cooler than her. she hates people who forget to put down the toilet lid, flush, and then wash their hands. she hates people who don't follow through.
pink wants a Draconian for your chara other than honesty because he already has Verdict.
is gymnast like swimmer in that insane asian parents think it will turn you into a muscle babe.
it's spreadsheets.
am i
She has to get the channel limit increased, by any means necessary.
Man hating's overdone. Do woman hating instead. Mix things up.
Who was bullied by other girls.
Some code of behavior that specifically targets bitchy women.
I'd like to see it burned down and you killed. How does that make you feel?
be one of those "most women are really into drama" girls. but on crack.
why would anyone waste time fighting you when you've already defeated yourself.
probably join anti's next campaign.
good news for saff.
I'm pretty sure she can have multiple charges. I want to say 3? With them waning outside a fight. That would be my best guess based on my recollection of her power.
Non is one of those people that makes it like. So fuckin difficult to like them but half the time I can't help it." Wow. I'm feeling really attacked here.
It's kind of a compliment." Yeah, the backhanded kind.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 376)
That's weird. the ping sound just went off, but it looks like nobody pinged me." Did you get a PM?
if both he and his players have good luck then it cancels out.
what if you got the power to keep playing after you got powers.
bwuh, i missed a lot of conversations.
has anybody been instagibbed by the new guns
alright, in a nonspecific order: 1) the lack of granularity helps balance things out because Wounds do a huge amount of legwork in leveling the playing field. 2) We have about as many Alexandria packages as canon, which is to say, not many. 3) A (kind of) balance still needs to exist in any system where you have combat (or any other activity) play out over multiple rounds.
4) I still feel like skills should maybe use dice tricks instead of straight +1d, but that runs into issues where you trade skills for stats and vice versa through the Know stat. 5) People (used to) constantly die to guns because guns (used to be) way too lethal, beyond what the system can really stand. I'm not sure where they stand on lethality, now.
Mods? Anti? Mishie's spamming the chat with plus signs.
Type "/rules" and check the server tab.
It appears in my client as "Parahumans," while the channel would be #parahumans.
Anything is possible.
Yes, that's the /rules one.

the player with the power doesn't really get any choices to make.
I'd let them pick the targets and make the effect scale up in intensity the longer you're trapped, instead of down. As is, it's basically impossible to disable anybody with it.
unless it's +1 per discrete time
which is still really nasty
@Yum: No, Mari just made one for fun and wanted feedback.
use civvies as your anchors, obviously.
"Dendrocnide moroides, also known as the stinging brush, mulberry-leaved stinger, gympie gympie, gympie, gympie stinger, stinger, the suicide plant, or moonlighter" Australian person: Alright, this is a plant that causes agonizing pain which lasts years. What shall I call it, that has the gravitas it deserves? How about the gympie gympie?
mourn.
I don't need a plan to do that.
sounds like i should wait until thursday to do it, then.
as terrible as he was, i like saint-type characters who hold their own despite no powers" I used to like those characters then I realized that they're just big Mary Sues.
Yes. And the "one character who has no/a shitty power, but still wins everything anyway" is a Mary Sue, because they distort the rules of the setting in order to win.
It's a pretty common trope in, like Korean and Japanese crap.
Saff/Pink, Draconian is a power flaw, not a life flaw.
if that's what you were rerolling.
Nona you went with a manic phase of bipolar for Lily right?" Yes.
why?
If the PRT fired all its parahumans with mental issues these walls would be manned by ghosts. (at line 416)
I think I avoided BPD because I felt like it was hard to wrap my head around and RP.
"I think the trick of incorporating a personality disorder into a character is seeing how you would mesh it into the story" For my two crazy characters (nonverbal autism in Vancouver, bipolar in San Raul), I just made like half their personality notes a description of their mental illness.
that's why it's inappropriate for our Teruzi.
Yeah, I was concerned about the depressive episodes being boring in practice, but fortunately you can easily get a manic episode lasting years, and I don't think any WD campaign has lasted one.
I think the most stressful role in WD is a puppet of two Tinkers who are controlling you via a bomb in the chest." Maybe if you're a pussy.
It's not very good.
it's not even really a pun
unless I'm missing something.
i mean i could just as well say dolls and balls. actually that's a better pun.
how do late to WD
*scrolls relate
not sure what happened there. well I am sure. my computer didn't process a chunk of my text for no reason.
hey dips and drips.
>tfw you can't tell if the noise is your computer or crickets.
they're all going to jail.
He's just covering for the fact that he knows he can't convince Abby to do the right thing.
So you're admitting you can't.
you'll help with the bombs. getting them detonated, that is.
how about this. i arrest all of you and send you out of state.
maybe she shouldn't have joined a criminal gang then.
the only sad and distressed person is going to be you, when you're sent to prison.
it occurs to me that timeskip is probably a better time for a WD campaign because then villains can openly swap over to the hero side.
i'm actually very kind and just.
I don't hang out with Plower or yell.
I wouldn't throw her in the birdcage.
what has she done that's birdcage worthy.
you don't even have a power yet.
or a trigger.
he's stated that for Thal/Ponk he's taking some of the triggers from the list that would work for twins and rolling between them.
I'm not, since luck is not real.
put a [RENEGADE INTERRUPT] at the end of each line of your post to remind players that they can interrupt you.
imo
The rules get more complex but certainly not tighter." I feel like whenever you talk game design stuff there's some vast inferential distance between my own way of thinking and yours and would like to find out what is responsible but never quite can.
The mechanical systems of WD have a few niggling flaws but largely work.
and the flaws aren't deep-down flaws like, e.g., the necessity of a perfect defense in Exalted 2e.
3e is actually pretty damn good. Definitely better than previous editions by everything I've heard.
oh yeah I play with BP for advancement because Holden definitely deserves to be murdered for that.
it's not a hard fix tho
I think he means they don't need, for example, the WD skill system. as in any skill system they would not need.
what did Firlz do this time
Get this: "a list of moves" is actually good and cool.
Scared?
Throw Mendez down the well / So Cleveland can be free.
hey what percentage of capes are c53" In DM's interlude, she describes fifty-ish C53s as something like over half their total population.
wow. implying members of a cult can't know anything about Christianity.
Often I find I have to do a writeup to make sure the power actually works, because there are a number of little bits that intersect.
(Also some really terrible powers have resulted from somebody who's good at genning suggesting something, having to go, and other people trying to make a power from the suggestion while assuming that the person who was good at genning knew what they were doing, when probably if said person had stuck around for the power, they would have severely altered/adjusted that element to make the power work.)
After a suggestion won, someone can make a writeup with mechanics and the like." That's a pretty big thing to leave out. 'Oh yeah btw somebody do a writeup.'
i have it no more than anyone else with logs to that has it.
someone really needs to take care of the 12 year old who puts explosives into people" I have a plan for that.
here's the plan: throw her in prison
she's not a ward. whew.
I would, since she's guilty of murder 1. Pretty obviously.
and violating her duty of care as a doctor, on multiple occasions.
she performed surgery on somebody then refused to fix it when they bled out. also she performed surgery on somebody then stuck bombs in them. twice. i'm pretty sure that's a tort, at the least.
oh well i guess if somebody is clearly abusing their power of guardianship it's okay to put bombs in them. durrrr.
the YG's job isn't to protect Bonesaw.
it literally came up in Anchorage that Moms hate murderous cape children.
yes.
concerned moms.
it will, because she'll tell me where Abby is and I'll throw all of you in prison, where you belong.
"Subject line: Fuck you
‘You are exactly what’s wrong with the world and the PRT SPECIFICALLY. Fuck you, you corrupt SCUM, hiring a MURDERER? That MONSTER hurt GOOD people, paying businessmen, and you’d have her working for you? That’s SICK. If you EVER dare have her come NEAR our schools or our children, we will have lawyers on you so fast you won’t be able to see straight!!’
- Concerned mom at nonamemail dot com."
that's what concerned moms think about Abby.
i doubt playpen goes to public school.
maybe special ed or something.
that's not a burn, that's my legitimate appraisal.
yeah when we arrest him.
didn't you commit murder.
BAD babysitter: "Murder is wrong. Don't murder me." *gets murdered* GOOD babysitter: "Well, he probably deserved it."
BAD babysitter: "Murder is wrong. Don't murder me." gets murdered GOOD babysitter: "Well, he probably deserved it."
BAD babysitter: "Murder is wrong. Don't murder me." gets murdered GOOD babysitter: "Well, he probably deserved it."
and like schuyler, he's going to die.
you should be scared someone will accidentally throw you out, Saff. since you're waifu trash.
I'm like the kawaii oscar the grouch" 
that reaction image took too long to find.
yeah it's weird how hard it was to find.
but the first result was Access Denied
you should have copyrighted it if you didn't want it stolen.
have you ever tried.
no, he really likes the Sonic franchise. obviously.
*sneeringly* You're thinking of *omni*sexual. Pansexual people want to have sex with pans.
How should I know.
Apology not accepted. Friendship with Saff ENDED. The cold inevitability of death is my friend now.
not really.
At least he died doing what he loved: being alive.
I always kill my enemies.
yeah, friend sounds like a strong word, especially considering you're dumping on him like this.
actually, it's never needed.
aggression may be necessary but stupidity is not.
that's basically my RP philosophy in a nutshell, really.
probably thinking of a different one.
@Teller: It was: roll trigger; some preliminary discussion of power categories, themes, etc; PM power sketches to bow; put them all in a doc; go through one by one, discuss and vote (can vote for multiple ones), including constructive criticism. It didn't get to the actual "write down a full power desc" step which seems like a pretty serious potential oversight to me.
It went perfectly well for the stages it covered. Not that different in terms of results from normal.
box blocked.

you'll be needing this.
Yes.
Christ. Hitting on her is one thing, breaking down into a blubbery mess when she rejects you is another. Good Lord, girl.
Yep.
Vern, you're really cool and we all love you. /s
That better?
Firlz the Shrink would be some win.
wow. what am i. chopped liver.
_c .7+.1+.1+.1
Nor is he running me, or bow. CHECKMATE.
so you're saying it's about normal, 50/50 odds.
it looks like $card brute takes a random thing that can be rolled, that has the word "brute" in it, including the PC Brute, the NPC Brute, and the Brute Madlibs.
with Slow and Rime being NPC brute elements
Yeah that's way bette" I'm not a huge fan, tbh. It takes forever, and I think it's # of iterations rather than # of ideas that's important to good powers, and they get iterated on once in, like, two and a half hours.
sure, but at that point it's pretty much just regular power gen
not really. i mean we iterated on the power we would up going with, and that wasn't anon.
*wound
*cowardly
turns into a moosa nd speaks moose.
you fucked up the claim command tubs.
looks like somebody fixed it
me + Anti's San Raul characters have like fifty billion forms.
no thre aren't
Dol's Lausanne character has anything illusions.
our SR Cocoon changers can... probably pretend to be other people? it's not explicit in the writeup.
zoup is on topic.
i dont get the rolling" she's RPing a pig.
Cwn is going to have a lot of depth, when I put her six feet under. Blammo.
I don't think Finesse is for unarmed.
I'm quite fond of the modern era tho" You could have it be modern era Incan Empire, in a parallel earth.
hi.
WD gunfights  Nobody's has their head explode so I'm dubious.
it's cashy
_seen Kastor
relative time is better because I don't even know what time zone Dashy is set to.
Who knows what time it is in GMT.
So no one important.
keys are not actually sharp and even trying you're unlikely to make somebody bleed.
Am I wrong?
As a slashing weapon you can break skin but I've never drawn significant blood with them.
All my keys have blunt ends.
if I was buying something to be a lethal weapon to protect myself I'd just buy a regular ass knife.
or gun.
that's the point of a knifee.
to kill people.
how about a knife that stabs people.
don't you generally want references to be positive
did I miss anything
our sess is in ~1h, right Teller?
nah
@Teller: Sorry, I took a nap because I was tired, took a bit longer than I expected to. Sicol in ~15m?
Honorable.
I'm ready.
Oh yeah, I forgot, I need to go arrest all the Keepers for double homicide.
That wouldn't happen since I'm pretty sure that Nathaniel's exploded body is in Keeper HQ anyway.
!search blu
!search a bl
!quote 459
Anyway, he did have a plan, the plan was to die, and he did so.
*die and leave me and Cassette to clean up his mess.
As I said.
what IS procedure for a situation like Abby's. do I just call CPS.
like what I know about Abby's, which is not the part where she blew up Schuyler.
but the part where she's chugging alcohol and living in a sty.
Is it my job to take custody from people though. It seems like one of those things you'd want to put a check on, so PRT directors don't just steal all the parahuman children in the city.
I have contact info for Schuyler, right? He gave me that when he was trying to seduce me?
Sonderman doesn't know Schuyler is dead so I'm RPing her accordingly.
Sonderman is resistant to his masculine wiles.
she's probably been anticipating him getting murdered by the Brotherhood or some shit for a while now, as he is a dope and a maroon.
Nothing I could do.
You're going to need to send CPS to discover somebody's exploded corpse?
how old is Gareau again?
this why do you hate me shit is so high school.
wow. no privacy.
she only killed two people. ;_; poor baby ;_; so unfairly benighted. ;_;
And I don't expect to be loved for it.
Coldhand's ghost.
If you liked it so much, why didn't you miss it? Checkmate.
Sounds like it wasn't doing much.
You know I want to say yes, but also Gareau is saying it in a really annoying way.
She.
the Gungnir killing, not the Schuyler killing.
I've rolled two 1s and two 6s in this session, as well as a 4, which is average.
It's within standard error.
It's literally impossible to get more average than that!
I rolled five dice, though.
_c 3.5*5
Impossible to roll a sum of 17.5.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 376)
the fact that every time people go "oh my god, how unlikely" I count the numbers up and they're perfectly average is really revealing tbh.
I've seen a dude roll like, two successes on 15 dice in Exalted, which is way more unlikely than anything you guys flip about.
They might.
did Ian always talk so strangely.
Oh no, he doesn't.
Oh, fuck off Playpen.
This is 100% Playpen pretending to be Ian.
Argh. How should I call her out.
Alright bitch I tried to give you an honorable out.
It feels like swods.
*swords
lol
I gave you the chance to lose with honor, bitch. It's too late now.
lol
Playpen is a top-tier waifu and if I was an appropriately aged boy I'd join the PRT just to romance her. Alas.
Ah, fuck! I should've pumped her for info!
I did get some nice info, at least.
Damn. Now I have to follow through with punishment.
I don't think she can do long division.
She is/was illiterate.
Changer/Shaker who makes a pocket dimension that looks like an attic and is illiterate. What do you think?
Tinkers grow wide/broad even without a second trigger. I think there was a second triggered Tinker in Vancouver who got a Breaker-y power.
Wish for a better power. Blam.
Most of the more complicated stuff was regurgitated, and she definitely was reverting towards a bunch of short sentences towards the end there.
to give me a pat on the back for advancing her education so far so quickly.
A small animal would be lesser cut I'd think, unless it's like a pitbull.
You can roll Dex or Brawn for unarmed, there's rules under equipment.
You can use MA.
why wouldn't he snitch on you.
why wouldn't you realize he snitched on you when I said Caul should definitely not join your team ever immediately after he met with you.
Caul don't join the Keepers oh God no.
Was I even a little bit wrong?
lol
Man, who even were members of the Keepers.
@Foss: I doubt it. Rend is stuff that grips and twists, basically.
great timing for me to go to sleep.
thanks for running
In six years, everyone dies of radiation poisoning. Now he has plans for six years. Stumped?
Wellwick: cant be much worse than me tbh" Let's not say things we can't take back.
I was suggesting that there's plenty of space below soulpelt's level of skill which one could occupy, which is actually a compliment.
rip
just ignore all the rules
You shouldn't, no.
or should I say"
Nickeled and dimed.
rating the app" i rate it a five. see ya.
Isn't he now Clawford?" No, he's dead. Dead. RIP. RIP. We'll all miss him.
It's full of Irish people.
One of the E88 regularly goes to London so the Simurgh attack was probably a defender victory.
I thought Mannequin was American.
Maybe. I can however refuse to play "pink things and ponies!" 5 year old, since it is not a mentality I can simple depict." Just say the trigger event happened a while ago.
I don't see what's so good about it.
Corpsis.
the tinker sub isn't doing anything, though.
I think the idea is that the submarine cycled all the water back out, somehow.
by magic
I feel like the childish psychology should play into the power a bit.
is submission even closed
29

I feel like power #1 is just doing too many things that don't really fit together, or work with the trigger particularly well.
you're deep underwater
It feels very... results oriented? Like, most PC powers tend to kind of have a mechanism and the player can play around with it and maybe do things a bit differently, it feels very much to have an emphasis on you do the one thing you're good at doing.
Not particularly noisier than any other gen done by this method.
They get rescued.
Sure.
Tornados of "whatever" feels weird.
Unless it's meant to be whatever material's available.
I'm not sure how much mechanics should really be in the voting stage, it makes making a power take longer and introduces issues (too big/small bonuses, synergies, etc) that aren't really relevant to "which of these is cool/appropriate".
Yeah.
6 seems like you can't do a whole lot.
idk if it's stranger
just kind of generally get weak benefits, especially since it's a pretty extreme Breaker form.
and even if you up raw power, it's still kinda, you tentacle people and fly. Not a lot going on.
Maybe being able to leave strands behind to do stuff would make it better. Unless that's the intent already.
doesn't really seem Shaker at all.
I don't see how the teleporting would actually work.
It seems like you'd mostly just use it as a Blaster power.
Yeah. Doesn't feel like you could really teleport with it.
I have very little idea of what the limits or functions of 8 are.
did you mean to vote for 4 twice scrags
Without substantial iterating: 5, 9. With iterating: 6.
3: bow, scg, tuzi, shade, kastor; 4: bow, scg, shade, kastor; 5: vander, tuzi, bob, non, shade; 6: bow, scrags, tuzi, bob, non, kastor; 8: vander, scrags, tuzi, bob; 9: bow, vander, tuzi, bob, non, shade, kastor. I think.
so 5 for 3; 4 for 4; 5 for 5; 6 for 6; 4 for 8; 7 for 9.
oh right, some people voted before leaving
so 9 still in lead
FossilDuke, 
Seattle, Portland, Toronto, New York, San Francisco, London, Moscow, Beijing - it's all the same, because it's not in Texas.
Two of those things are the same, but one of them is extremely different, as it is Texas.
You could fit countless North Koreans in the United States, as shown in the hit video game series Homefront.
Foss needs to confirm he's good with the power genned.
FossilDuke, are you there.
Hm?
Corpse.
Valor
valor is a funny pun because stolen valor
oh yeah, what were the complaints with pink fissure? I remember you mentioning some, did anything change with the power?
Everybody has a type of character they prefer to play, there's not really a need to step out of your comfort zone unless it's getting worn really thin (like you always play a Half-Elf Barbarian in literally every D&D game you play and also in Exalted, Dark Heresy, RIFTS, and Champions). Games are for fun, in the end.
It's incredibly easy, and also Islam is not a race.
Almost all my characters are aggressive in pursuit of their goals, have crippling personality flaws driving them to fuck themselves over, never back down, generally avoid straight up killing unless it's necessary, are rarely (if ever) treacherous to their allies, and are female. I don't intentionally write them into those holes, I don't have a checklist or anything, but also I'm not really particularly interested in stepping out of that 
playspace.
you're just saying that because you were the GM
Schuyler just died, give him some time.
For all you know you'll forget about him in a month.
Coward.
Rented, not owned, Mish. Jeez.
It's not his ruin. 'twould be stealing.
they're just a badass curved sword like a scimitar, makes sense to me.
Katanas should be the best weapon in all RPGs, especially WD, since they are the best weapon IRL.
Sounds like they're dopes then.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 376)
Consider this: if there is such a thing as dice magic, I constantly say there is not, and you claim I have great luck. Therefore, you should do what clearly works for me, to improve your own dice magic: stop believing in dice magic.
Dice magic requires you to believe that, yes.
Actually, Clawford, your rolls were within a standard error of the mean. 3.63 average.
Speaking truth to power often carries consequences from those who fear the truth.
The drain effect is extremely easy to interrupt.
At least he died doing what he loved: being alive.
go do real people things or you will regret it.
sounds like an insane pain in the ass to run
the distribution of powers is a consequence of shard distribution more than trauma distribution, and shard distribution is mostly even afaik.
Strive lower imo.
Who strives, dies.
at the risk of feeding all these loons, are ATM's dice functions true RNG or pseudorandom
Probably.
Alternately, it could be currently set to being positive and when Simmy attacks it goes negative.
the odds of 1,2,3,4,5,6 winning the lottery are the same as the odds of 2,12,21,28,32,47 winning the lottery.
German Shepherds are still highly rated for killing rates. It's not like beagles maul people to death.
Tsarina
Tsarina Bomba
Silverback gorilla.
dunno if he's the main villain. nona probably has as much claim on that" wtf. i didn't do nuffin.
I already have his spots, since it's me, I mean by default I get to keep my spots when I change my nick" I don't know, I've never seen anything like that in the rules.
seems like something you're making up.
There's none saying that you keep it, either.
I don't see any rules saying that things staying the same is default.
I dunno, I was with you the first time but the second and third you lost me.
gr8 sk8 m8 i rate your mover power an 8/8. (at line 448)
no more special effects to skill pips" Ew.
Spelt, no. Curiosity is bad.
"Someone."
it means it's a WIP homebrew
which actually isn't very much like WD at all and looks like a damn WoD homebrew.
i'm not really sure what, if any, part of the WD system actually appeals to this person.
just make a shitty disorganized one
How about talking to him OOC about your OOC issue.
The issue is an OOC issue related to his behavior. Talking about dealing with it IC by killing his character or something doesn't actually resolve anything, except maybe by making him have so little fun he leaves.
I probably do, can you give me a quote or timestamp for the session so I can find it in my logs?
@Pink
before that is a verdict/freeman bit.

I admire his follow through.
 ?


"Nov 03 21:21:06 <Pink2>	The place is a lot nicer than the other parties she's been to with this crowd- if it weren't for the little things, familiar faces and cars, Katie might almost think this was the wrong place. Some guys she doesn't know sort of flow into the growing group as she takes it all in, falling a bit behind. The newcomers start laughing with the grabby assholle, so she probably wouldn't want to know them, anyway." ?
Then no.
Maybe on my desktop somewhere, idk.
"Feb 16 16:57:32 <Thalia|Katie>	"Show me you're willing to make an effort, at least." Katie did have one more pressing question than anything else. "I'll ask you one question. If you answer it honestly, I'll come with you and we can go talk to the PRT. Fair?"||" Is this the right log for VB&K visiting the PRT?
it's across like four different days or some crap
this is from Nikki to when apoc had a sess: 
@Teller: Got your $tell, but I'm running games tomorrow and Friday I still need to do prep for, so I'd prefer to do it next week.
wow i wasn't invited to Saff's game. i feel really hurt and will feel that way for the next hour and ten minutes until i go run a game elsewhere that I didn't invite anybody here to.
it's messed up ponk.
wow, i show up all the time.
I think QoL is about strategic boosts, stuff that applies on the long scale rather than the short one.
There's a mutations table in the new rulebook.
which power is it.
5?
They've still got mouths though.
Traps are a way to allow players to set things up later in a scene, which means that you get a little bit of strategic level play, options on whether to try to apply things immediately or later, maneuvering enemies into position or closing things off, etc. Lots of options.
the [] should be in the claim
Changer.
can we use the word dog to describe domestic canines
this is... Striker, I'd say? Maybe a little more abstract, Stranger-y.
They can, and I can complain about it.
Is it?
People fucking with you is unwanted emotional attention. The puppy isn't dead yet and your older siblings are assholes, I'm not seeing very strong Master.
There's no, oh I loved my siblings, then this happened.
Is it?
$classes
Smother.
Unless I'm missing something you, the player, don't really do much with 2?
I guess there's the Breaker versus Master choice but that's not very much of a choice, really.
crushing black effect, abstract for the relatively abstract trigger, the break down walls/set traps element to give a Stranger flavor.
4 seems a bit generic, idk. It's tele-arms.
It's not terrible but I'm pretty sure I have seen tele-arms suggested before for... the bully gets thrown in a snake pit trigger, I think? Might even have been me. Wasn't that long ago.
It's mostly fine, except that it's really Shaker and the trigger isn't and we have a ton of Shakers.
I don't know if you can asphyxiate someone into unconsciousness within a minute.
By obstructing their throat? Versus a blood choke.
Those are fine limiters for some other power that isn't this one.
Power 7 is a joke.
Power 7 is a literal joke.
I'm not really sure how you'd mix 4 and 3.
Mm. Maybe.
I thought the issue with 3 was it was a level too abstract from the trigger? Which mixing with 4 doesn't really fix.
I'm imagining the 4 + 3 and not super liking it, it feels really... clunky. Like it needs a pass to streamline it a bit so it flows together better than "make tele-arms, tele-arms apply effect A, can touch with own limbs for effect B, can mix tele-arms together to do A & B both." Feels like a bit too much.
I like 3
since it's mine.
the alien symbol looks like a dog head. blam.
That sounds extremely weak.
How many marks can you put down?
At once.
So what, they walk away.
no, now it's just Mishie mangling it.
And? Do you have a point?
I was answering tubes's question.
I don't like it either, it takes way longer for no discernible difference in power quality, possibly even a worsening of it. And this - "I feel like a lot of ideas come out half baked and that tossing them back and forth improves them immensely." - was something I felt like from the start: one idea iterated on five times is better than ten ideas iterated once or not at all.
The old system was fine in my book but a lot of people complained about their suggestions getting steamrolled over by veteran powergenners" I guess the effect is reduced but it's still there. Most (all?) of the time when I've made a suggestion it wound up winning.
Pink fissure.
And the one from last night is a merge with mine.
The writeup for Thal's power doesn't say how the marks get activated, btw. Or if the marks vanish when the dogs are killed.
the stranger element was for the shroud luck though
so it shouldn't be incremented.
incrementing for luck distorts it.
Christ if I'd known people were going to fight about this shit for days on end I would've recommended Jack just reroll the trigger.
I think the PRT lawyers will have my best interest at heart, since I'm on the team and I haven't done anything wrong" Jesus I don't even know the context and I can tell you're about to get fucked.
"I haven't done anything wrong, so I don't need to worry about the legal system screwing me over." - quote from man screwed over by the legal system
I assum "agent" is blake's word for passenger/shard" Agent is what Cauldron and the PRT call it.
Tomorrow or Wednesday would be best.
Sounds good.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 376)
Teller, it's Sicol Bend time, yes?
 see Manton & Bonuses sections
crap

Good session, thanks for running.
Nach, upon Cwn getting stabbed in the butt whilst on the toilet by the ghost of Mortal Lock: "Good." (at line 379)
No.
let's all play mobas and eat paint chips, not necessarily in that order.
south US" da fuq. alright, now listen here you little shit- oh he's not here.
BAD babysitter: "Murder is wrong. Don't murder me." *gets murdered* GOOD babysitter: "Well, he probably deserved it." (at line 503)
Good thing that Abby is going to prison soon for her many crimes.
yeah it's all Schuyler's fault. not Abby's for being a spoiled brat.
It is.
Every parahuman has a tragic backstory but Abby's the one acting like a spoiled brat.
It won't happen, I'm not keeping Abby in Sicol Bend if I get my hands on her.
you mean the guardian she installed a bomb in and threatened into letting her do whatever she wants?
She sounds like a child who thinks she's more mature than she is and is making lots of bad decisions in fast sequence that will result in her suffering a lot of negative consequences for her bad behavior.
Here's how to fix it: throw Abby into prison.
I made a helpful diagram about how to deal with Abby: 
Expect Abby to just do the stupidest thing all the time?
Hell is down not south.
wow I play a sadsack who exists to be bullied and I suffer. why my bad luck soooo bad. - tubes 2017.
have you rolled more than once this session.
all I see is a 1 tonight, and a 5 and 6 yesterday from you tubs so it seems like you're making up your bad luck.
$roll 1d6
wow look at my terrible luck everybody.
there's a 1/3 chance of a result that poor or worse.
I'm not afraid of you.
1) I stood up to Deep Six and called him an idiot. 2) I'd just push you over and you'd start crying.
I got lots of intel bitch.
Playpen fucked him up.
The Way is found in the acceptance of death.
A much better hero than you or Abby.
Not as good as Schuyler though. RIP.
That's defeatist talk.
Slither should find Alex and have him fix her legs, he seems much cooler and more intelligent than Abby.
Admittedly that's not saying much.
you should have killed Abby when you had the chance.
Tfw tubes|Slither being pathetic may have ruined things for Michael" Seems like it was Abby's poor decision making skills that did that tbqh fam.
How well has waiting for people to help her worked for Slither in the past. Fool.
tubes is a memer so that would be the height of hypocrisy, Lex.
he would go to jail then. i mean he's going to anyway but he'd go sooner.
He should. But he won't. Because he lacks the firm moral fiber of an honorable man.
No. He didn't.
and in doing so, caused his own doom. deep.
a meditation on the futility of murder. if you murder somebody you get shot in the heart and then some psycho kids put a bomb in your chest, constantly bullying you until they finally blow you up.
I have to deal with Lacrimosa because somebody's an incompetent dope.
She doesn't really do a very good job of seeming like good, reasonable people honestly.
"Haha, sorry for being two hours early. Linear time, am I right?"
I think she's on multiplication.
How can you go donger.
You take that bake, Alphamoose is a great suggestion.
*back
Be that as it may, he's right.
The issue is that you're handwaving away a clearly established element that is of thematic and plot importance (being locked into their body), rather than the laws of physics which all readers have already agree have only modest influence on Worm powers, if that.
did you consider giving her a spanking
You're the one who needs to get his mind out of the gutter if you think spanking such an awful child is sexual.
Just throw her down the well
Michael is trying to clean up after Schuylers mess." It's Abby's mess.
It's going to be sweet when she gets owned, by me.
Yeah let me tell you, her ally, my plan.
It is.
If that's tubes's plan for Abby hates off to how good he is at accomplishing it.
*hats off
Probably but who cares.
You care what Mishie says?
I meant who cares what [he's] saying not who cares that Slither is a hobo with no friends.
Obviously Slither should try to join the local Protectorate.
Was she committing a crime before she hid in the garbage, tubs?
(in DSP voice) wooooow. I commit crimes and law enforcement tries to arrest me. Nothing I could do.
Game's bugged.
I just tell my people to patrol, if they see a criminal, well, not my fault.
The RNG is identically and independently distributed actually.
someone made a comment about dice being anything other than random!" Hmm? What? Oh. Dicebots are random number generators which produce independent identically distributed results.
Hot streaks and cold streaks are post hoc rationalizations of the results of entirely random events.
It was too good of a name to be used and thrown away like that." Gallows II
Someone was looking for me?
Oh, I see.
I'd lean on Thinker, yeah.
Concussion, escalation, use of a weapon, environmental damage.
I'm pretty sure performing surgery while lying about its nature is a crime. Perhaps you could testify against Abby.
Good plan.
No, that's tubes.
True. I'm not clear on how much criminal crap she's done publicly.
He said he found that segment cringeworthy.
It's more that, mm, the player has a role in making things interesting, and so does the power. The power's like a multiplier, I guess. Shit players can still be shit and good players can make do with bad powers, but it's better to have a good power, ceteris paribus.
re: Nick.
Early Skitter wasn't that strong a sensor.
But yeah, later on.
Shh. You're falling to your death. No critiquing the villain's rants.
Hi.
):<" Is this supposed to be a stern muppet or an angry frowning person.
Be that as it may.
What channel?
Jan 27 22:02:51 <Pink|Lensdoc>	"You aren't smart," she says. "You have a computer hooked up to your brain that you trust implicitly." Her accent, funnily enough, grows more prominent as she speaks more clinically. It might be humorous in other circumstances. "I don't think that it is right, or worth it. But I think that the only way to stop Junius at this point would have consequences."
It ends with a |||, then the next part also ends with a ||| but the third (?) part is somewhere far down. 
Actually I don't see a third part, or indeed any further sessions, after that.
wait, memnzy had the murder your whole family trigger?
Yeah, that one.
Lol, Non's quote as Nach killed him was just too good." What was that again?
Naming your kid Fellatio is begging for them to get bullied relentlessly the moment a kid at school googles their name.
Thursday through Saturday I will be busy gaming elsewhere.
Shakesphere's dead?
Swarm, handful, or single minion?
Handful tend to be weak one way or another (bad statlines, major limiters on control/actions) because action economy is such a huge deal. Single basically have the statlines you'd associate with a cape who has a physically oriented power (Brute or Breaker or similar), probably a step up since they won't get skills and the Master is a point of vulnerability.
Yes, lots of people.
could people doing new gen please not delete all the non-winning options, it makes it functionally impossible to read a gen after the fact.
Damn.
Simmy started with 5 because he was his mom's lab assistant. Rundi has 5 because milestone." Simmy was a he??
Nice kink shaming.
those are fine justifications for like, 1-2 dots, maybe 3.
Uhh yeah I'll just recreate the collection I spent years of my life slowly building and that has countless memories associated with it.
Computers implies programming knowledge, not just "I can type and use Google" which is assumed to be true for all characters.
I don't think mobas give you dots of computers.
David is the good baby!" Even more wrong somehow.
If you think all kids are shitty you are incapable of judging how shitty anyone's kid is.
Would you trust someone who said all food is shitty to tell you which food is better than other food.
I used to drink ketchup out of a bendy straw.
Then my nightshade allergies kicked in and I can't consume any tomato or potato products.
Oh, no, this was when I was an adult.
No, I just feel like ass and sleep for sixteen hours.
Normally I feel like ass and sleep for 8-10 hours.
An allergy to nightshades, such as tomatoes, potatoes, paprika, tobacco, etc.
I can eat whatever, it will just feel awful so I don't.
I get pizza with alfredo instead of tomato sauce.
Nona are you free at all tomorrow?" I'm free, but I'm feeling pretty shitty recently so I'd like to take a rain check.
Nach, upon Cwn getting stabbed in the butt whilst on the toilet by the ghost of Mortal Lock: "Good." (at line 372)
I called it first.
Non was really on the ball for that one. I think I got a PM about it a day or two after the session, if not less." Actually I just posted it in chat a few days later. 
It was a real pain to find that because I had to like, find when Mortal Lock died, and then find that in my #WeaverDice logs, then ctrl+f for Lausanne? Mortal Lock? Anyway.
I remember reading the logs for that fight, and being suspicious and checking his dialogue, and whenever you described Mortal Lock speaking you used phrases like "speakers" or "digitized" or w/e.
Well I mean. None of the Yangban were called Great Leap Forward" Gonna go out on a limb and say the "Chinese Union-Imperial" is not communist.
hey Nonagon, do you have the log from about two years ago when ritic rolled up a character?" Probably not.
The skills change over time, and pips also contain a lot more than just +d, they grant specific special abilities and mechanics.
I wouldn't use, say, Acrobatics 3 to represent somebody whose power made them lightweight, because what Acrobatics 3 does might change over time, and it's not thematically intended to represent that.
Adding skill pips is about the same level, maybe a little better, than adding stats. Making powers that are just stat bundles isn't a good idea, skill pips, same deal.
I really don't want to do power testing in play.
Clearly someone needs to go over and tell them they're having fun wrong." They do, but somebody else do it.
One could say the same of Danny and Cody.
Cody did nothing wrong.
Consider Fifty Shades of Grey.
It's based on fanfic of Twilight.
Basically, I think the logic is that the author has the sole right to create derivative works, but that does not mean they own the IP of any derivative work ever made without their permission (and by extension derivative works of derivative works, etc).
Record of Lodoss War is based on a replay of a D&D campaign too, I think.
I really don't think Wizards owns the rights to anybody's RPG campaign.
They're traitors.
I remember reading something along the lines of a 2nd trigger being the shard consuming an undistributed bud, but my memory's fuzzy on that front." Yes, but you can have an undistributed bud without having been a parahuman for a while. Brandish is a bud off Lady Photon (or the other way around), iirc, and they basically triggered back to back.
@tubes: 
"Yes. Bud shards. One had it, then the stress they were under prompted it to bud, it found the nearby host who met the prerequisites." - re: Lady Photon/Brandish being bud shards.
I could feel Brute, for the poison.

Can the web move?
I'm not super sure about #1, I tend to shy away from alternate forms without manipulators. I guess wouldn't be much of a mod (if it is, even) to add them.
Sessile powers are really NPC fodder, in general, I feel like. Way too easy for a PC to get owned by enemies just standing slightly outside their range.
Yeah, at tubes.
Very slow pace is about the same issue, only marginally better.
2 seems fine.
2 does some stuff, has options. Not sure where bone comes from but elements shouldn't really be 1:1 anyway so it's fine.
I feel like Shakers of that type offer enough choices especially given they interact with natural environment features that change from fight to fight (chokepoints, etc).
Oh, no, I was going down the list and commenting.
Sure, he can, Nick, but if I had to vote now I'd say 2, 5, maybe 1.
It's fine for it to do so, it's just a matter of that tending to produce dull or straightforward powers if that's all it's doing.
I'm not sure about 3. I /feel like/ it'd be a tactical collapse into a very simple and repetitive tactic looking at it, but I'm not quite sure what that collapse would be, or honestly how the power itself works.
4 is... I don't really have any issue with the power itself, other than a couple clarity niggles, but it doesn't seem to be connected to the trigger itself.
anyway, my votes are for 2, 5, and 1 iff it's at least near normal levels of ambulatory/manipulative. gn.
how about just you know. Don't suck?" That seems to be pretty hard for a lot of people.
I'd definitely give Grue Stranger in incrementing since the power is a sensory-oriented non-damaging effect.
You should put any Breakers at majority Breaker cripes.
Do you make Tinkers Tinker .3/Blaster .4/Brute .3?
Is it a Breaker?
You're thinking of a different one I think.
 #2
The deer gen is what you're thinking of, I think.
All powers do that though.
Practically, I think a lot of the variation between Breakers and Changers are in specific manifestation. Breakers tend to a lot more "perfect" effects and variations in normal functions (speech, movement, etc) that are "esoteric."
I did a big list of Breakers in canon/genned here/etc and my common notes were: esoteric health; invulnerability with limiters; body-derived Shaker effects; esoteric movement; desolidification (ghost/straight intangibility); and desolidification (merging with environment).
It's a really lazy list that's just what I could remember, includes pregens, failed gens, etc. Trying to put down what common factors were to better get at it since I have an alright intuition of it (I think), but hard to explain verbally.
here it is tho: 
forgot her i guess. esoteric move/desolid (ghost).
it's not exhaustive or anything
don't i have like sixteen of these
Damn, am I really only in 5 active games? (said before brutally offending someone) Cleveland, Sicol Bend, Lausanne, Detroit, and San Raul?
Jesus Christ the last time I opened Stray's sheet was January 2016.
I should, my schedule just opened up a bunch so maybe I will.
Oh, right, Baltimore is active isn't it.
Alright, should have submitted Stray, Screen, Nachzehrer, Cocoon, and Lumen.
I remember it, was genned for Australia game?
Was genned in #GameDesign, iirc.
The Aus electric Brute.
Think he got stabbed by his dead Tinker boss's shit, unless I miss my mark.
here's the trigger: 
that's the trigger event of the metal man, yes.
Sweep and blind to the effects of own power.
Which look to be incorporated into the writeup.
PP21, PF7.
. o O ( It would be funny to play a hero who funds herself by cybersex/phonesex in her cape identity. )
what the. this isn't AO3. this is spacebattles.
"Prom Dogs, Zee, Multicross" jesus christ. "RL, PromDogs" JESUS christ.
is Prom Dogs the equivalent of MLP
what's Earth-Bet's point of divergence, 1982?
I don't click them, I just mouse over them and cry.
oh, is this QQ instead of spacebattles.
they're indistinguishable to me at this point.
it should be Creative Writing (NSFW) then.
I guess this could be the (SFW) one though.
It's prom dogs crack fic.
I think UR2 was much better than UR1. The pinnacle of the series, really. Big fall off in the future sequels.
I wonder how close fictional parahuman powers in like, Earth-Bet TV shows and movies are, to the real thing. Like are there lots of fictional parahumans who have powers that aren't any good for conflict, or that violate rules or principles, or are super abstract to the point of nonsense.
Yeah, but part of the reason movies and such portray hacking poorly is that it's not very dramatic. Whereas, parahuman powers have their rules basically designed to create lots of interesting and varied conflicts, in setting.
Maybe to the extent that most cop movies are propaganda for the police.
I was thinking stuff like, would you do The Dead Zone (the TV series) with the protagonist as a parahuman?
It was already wrecked.
Cripes, this is horrible, 8 topics per page? Can you imagine?
what do FF and BBQ mean btw.
wait is this femslash between Jetstream and Amphetamine Queen. good lord. have some taste.
that's like writing slash between Kennedy and Lee Harvey Oswald.
It's a fictional... TV series? Movie? that Pink uses so people IC have local media to talk about rather than every character in Earth-Bet always making references to Earth-Aleph media.
lol from the Terminator wiki article: "The studio suggested O. J. Simpson for the role, but Cameron did not feel that Simpson would be believable as a killer."
wonder if the US got into any big wars since 1982 in Worm.
iirc there's a civil war or something in Thailand in the timeskip.
nah, just "conflict."
Alright now that's just ridiculous.
probably just some shooting between friends like Operation Praying Mantis.
whatever happened to the laser disc.
I suspect, though don't know, that 'bow's going to retcon away the references to people born post-1982, like Justin Bieber.
Oh yeah, he's bones right. we were gonna change the build %.
Before it had any kind of real systm.

#2, what %s do you think it should be.
Oh, you do?
so after Social/Mental/Physical but before Wits was separated from Social or people had hit points
?
well, "Wound slots."
Breaker .7/Brute .2/Shaker .1? .6/.2/.2? .8/.1/.1? Hard to say.
alright, so, it was 2/4/4, right tubes?
$breaker -.2
$brute -.4
$shaker -.4
$breaker .7
$breaker .7
$brute .2
$shaker .1
Sonderman would run away and hide in Playpen's pocket dimension.
She did last time.
Capes are the cancer, violence is the answer.
no one can put me in the gay baby jail" Yeah, because you're already there.
no it wasn't! she invented a totally different dice-based RPG" Yeah and so did Gary Gygax, doesn't stop them from slapping the D&D label on subsequent editions.
I don't think I've ever had a Tinker.
da fuq
Yep, no Tinkers.
Out of fifteen total unless I'm missing one.
Fourteen, I double-counted one.
Mistral (Shaker), Stray (Changer), Yata-no-Kagami (Trump), Enjambre (Master), Nachzehrer (Brute/Trump), Mantle (Striker), Essence (Breaker), Calamity (Thinker), EJ (Striker), Komainu (Changer), Zulfiqar (Striker), Sliver (Changer), Archon (Brute/Mover), Lumen (Thinker/Striker), Cocoon (Changer).
Did you mean for the power census to link to the response page?
Not that much. Only 24.
Yes, that's how you form words.
No, you form English words by putting letters together too.
Rake is an archaic term for a playboy though.
If the PRT fired all its parahumans with mental issues these walls would be manned by ghosts. (at line 409)
I'm pretty sure I've already tarnished my reputation as a GM a good number of times, though x_x" What? How? "[00:05:23] * Antioch crams the decaying corpses of Vancouver, Atlanta, and Flint back into the closet while trying to hold back bitter tears of regret." Oh right, that.
Hey, Non, what's the |UB tag for? I don't think I've ever asked." I used Nonagon|PC for my PC and Nonagon|Mac for my apple laptop. Now that I have a new laptop, I use Nonagon|UB for Ubuntu, the OS it runs.
it's just the one it uses when i reconnect too soon after dc'ing.
well i mean prt is good for newly triggered people who dont have an issue with heroes. they offer therapy, money and a structure." Shitty therapy, shitty money (especially for Wards, it's fucking ridiculous, minimum fucking wage), shitty structure.
$70k for an actual Protectorate member iirc, some % up annually.
Wards get minimum wage and $50k/year put in a fund. Fuck off. The world's gonna end in two years and you want me to wait till I'm eighteen to get at that cash?
Minimum wage is literally the least possible money you can get for performing work.
I could get good pocket money working at McDonald's, and I'd be less likely to be eviscerated by a giant robot.
same diff.
I wouldn't voluntarily join the Wards because let me at that cash.
Put it into an investment portfolio.
Except I can remove the money from the investment portfolio, and I'd bet dollars to donuts if I invested it, it would make more money.
Yes.
I don't care. I'm not getting paid minimum wage to get mangled by tentacle monsters.
Here's how you manage a bank account: put the money in the bank. Then transfer most of the money to a robo-advisor. Done.
Cool.
Yes, and? Keeping as many capes alive as possible doesn't mean keeping all of them alive. It's an extremely high risk field.
Like what. From the list?
I don't care. I'm not getting paid minimum wage to get mangled by tentacle monsters.
That stuff's about preventing escalation, yeah.
Lots of parahumans who basically played by the rules in canon could very easily go ham and kill a lot of people if they were totally fucked.
We're not told that the powers there are unusually strong or dangerous and plenty of the non-BB powers could also really kill bunches of people.
I don't think it (the mortality rate) is that high, I think that's the numbers for independent heroes.
@vanderhuge: You could probably ask 'bow to help fill out the vial list, I think he's been doing it kinda piecemeal when people did Cauldron gens.
How about I join a hero team that's not the Wards, and make real people money I could buy real people stuff with.
There's corporate teams, there's stealing from criminals, there's lots of ways to make money as an independent hero.
Sorry, didn't catch that, could you repeat it for me?
Money.
Make your own hours.
A lot of those people are stupid as crime is an extremely unproductive career path in general.
Sure, yeah, I'm ready, Anti.
a simulation of a real forum where people randomly use [Font=Times New Roman] for no reason.
When are we going to have a PHO thread that randomly devolves into an argument about pineapple on pizza.
Hotlinking to other posts would be a huge pita, but you could do a close-twin type deal. Hm.
Something like, instead of the # of the post in the entire board (/tg/, /b/, etc), the # of the post in the thread? Or per-thread identifiers that are RNGed from a list like that one gif site that calls everything DarklyHilariousAntelope.
It doesn't, but it's a huge pain to put in even fake links to previous posts and the legibility of a 4chan-type board goes way down if you can't click the >>1830492 thing to know wtf somebody's responding to.

it would be funny for Nach to say "Hello... friend." to Wink, but she doesn't really go in for the smug.
"Hey, retard. So do you wear that mask because you got Downs, or is it just your employees?" would be more her style.
Wow, look at my constant perfect luck.
Just noticed there are several quit messages in Cleveland 17.6, Anti.
Aight, just making sure you knew.
how have you not killed him and taken over the gang yet nach" It's just never seemed like a good time.
Nice banner.
Seems to me like the snake very much wants to be stepped on.
Well, it's a lucky draw then.
Oh, wait, you meant @Tuzi.
. o O ( Man I really hope the PRT held onto Boxcars and Seismic Surfer. )
Indianapolis.
@spelt
Yikes.
You just keep reusing the same damn trick.
what kind of gang IS silver bullet. drugs, primarily?
generally speaking when I know something OOC my character doesn't I ask what plausible alternative explanations for the facts I can come up with, and try to use those instead.
metagaming to get characters in a room together/not in a room together is generally fine I think.
which one was your alcatraz cape.
It would be really funny to answer RR with "What can I say? He's a hell of a lay." Too bad it'd be OOC.
No.
It would be a joke. But not the kind Nach would tell.
Remember when 'bow heard about that power. Ah. Memories.
why do the ovipositors matter. someone explain this to me.
are you ovipositing people.
what are you doing with this info.
Good.
Sounds as though you are frightened, nay, terrified.
All I remember 'bow saying about it was that it was a dumb power because of the stupid Stranger thing.
Yeah I Check My Email.
That's my San Raul character less the random.
She randomly gets stuck as a bug, I guess.
Sonderman looks really good even though she hasn't done that much that's proactive because Schuyler murdered a bunch of villains and then himself.
Thanks, Schuyler. Thuyler.
Man, doing that census thing makes me wish we did legacies more. Komainu, Zulfiqar...
When was Amphetamine Queen born?
Then why would she go to high school?
And high school will educate her?
He wants a name that's going to emphasize the leadership part of his power, or something unrelated and heroic-sounding." Lionheart.
Cats eat rats, it's thematic.
No, it was one of the good crusades.
Rat Prince sounds better than Rat King, as well.
but what about rat princes.
it's like how Black King sounds like a villain but Black Prince sounds badarse.
Prince has more of a connotation of legitimacy since nobody ever declares themselves prince when they unjustly seize the throne.
the Perfect Prince, Reverent, August, Redeemer, Crown, [Adjective] Crown, Mandate, Victorious, Aurelius.
Princeps.
maybe Nick should join the Elite.
how's that different from now
two word combos make it easier to get a name in.
Gutter Crown.
a prince who usurps the throne becomes a king.
also he became a prince the normal, fair way, he just also tried to usurp the throne.
the normal, fair way of being born into unimaginable wealth and power.
From where?
Deep, yet also true.
_c (2+3+6+1+1+1+3+1+1+2)/9
that's a pretty bad roll, yeah.
no, I just can't count to 10.
Today, like every other day, it produces strings of random numbers, and random numbers often include "hot" and "cold" streaks.
[in the voice of someone cultured and with good taste] I wouldn't know anything about which of the Prom Dogs movies is the best, as I don't watch trash.
Ah yes, the rich characters of Prom Dogs, like Brittney the Brittany and Chou the Chow Chow.
It's a real deep and critical examination of the human - no, I'm sorry, canine, condition.
That would make me the only human being on the planet to do so.
Grumpy Cat The Movie
No, it's definitely because we constantly made Masters.
It is, and extremely outdated.
see
>using non-cashy bots for quotes
Uhh okay.
Dashy's cauldron function is really really old.
$luck
Now I'm confused.
I'm doing the application after rolling luck and getting a power?
blaster.
Is it?
Blaster, spray, shots are "heavy", pin/drag people down.
I'm sure there's an "Do Not Accept Oral Pleasure From Amphetamine Queen" bulletin on the drug dealer listserv." They pay her in bitcoins.
wtf saff" Frankly if there's one thing I've learned in my time on the internet, it's that arguments about food are even worse than politics or religion. btw cereal first then milk.
Mishie is three Australian spiders in a trenchcoat.
They're squeezed in pretty tight.
Fey Hirlz.
Are any Cleveland PCs polite?" Nachzehrer.
you called me a dumb cunt" Dishonesty is impolite.
rat king is an awful name for a hero
How do you feel about Eager Beaver as a cape name, Nick.
Scared?
how about Bonaparte.
Captain Dumbass.
ImpeRATor.
Imperator Trix.
what if the avatar isn't a perfect square.
I'm expected to believe that the leading discussion forum for parahumans can't tolerate having an avatar that's wider than it is tall? Look, I can put up with giant space whales, but that's just ridiculous.
. o O ( The saddest thing about Worm is that the world ends before the word cuck starts getting used constantly, so I can't use this as an av on PHO:  )
Because it's very funny.
yeah but what about like 100x80 or 80x100
S06E02: The Gang Unnecessarily Mentions The Wiki
what about a meme that doesn't involve parahumans at all
It was cool that time Nach posted mean comments towards Cwn and then made her cry about them in therapy.
>tfw you realize none of your characters have your sense of humor so it's inappropriate for them to make the jokes you find funniest
Shoot her. It's a Cleveland tradition.
It does, yes.
When is Ellardy generally not asleep?" Whenever we're not doing gens.
He wakes up right after we finish doing a bunch of gens.
I have found inspiration  I think we've all been there.
But feel free to explain how you feel that tact has anything to do with session scheduling spelt" Well obviously if you act like a tactless moron then people will give you fewer sessions. So I'm not sure what the source of your confusion is. Is this new information to you?
Nick blame Teruzi and Non and Claw for being adults with regular schedules." What the heck is this slander.
pretty sure that's in the brute doc.
Regen brutes offer benefits over time, and healing abilities.
They arise from damage over time, and from self-harm.
A catgirl character who makes dog puns is a funny idea.
I'm going to sacrifice the Hare." I'll help, since his player is the guy who killed Ace and stole all his characters.
what the heck.
The other thing with checking everybody, is not everybody with a corona has powers.
In fact, come to think of it, Lisa says that scientists estimate for every parahuman, there's 1-5 untriggered potentials, right? That sort of kind of implies most people with a corona don't have powers.
The brain scans they do don't distinguish between potential and actual afaik.
Yeah but the end of the cycle is in several hundred years.
Eden dying didn't do that so I don't see why Zion dying would.
There are natural Eden triggers, and Zion notes that Taylor's was "the last shard" he threw out, iirc.
Yeah, Eden's personal shards had a similar issue, that's why they introduced the balance formula.
That's not true, Miss Militia's trigger vision is of Scion dying.

I think it's ambiguous, as 'bow has said that Leet's shard was trying to kill him to "pass on to greener pastures," and then clarified that some shards are damaged.
hmm. how do I mold "your spouse divorces you out of the blue and you do some snooping and it turns out they did it because they got powers and don't need you" into a good trigger?" You're an abusive spouse who is mad your spouse got away.
/msg [ATM] $command
Mostly violent conflict.
it's $commands
The issue with PRT versus gangs isn't that gangs don't care about their capes, its that they expect a lot more initiative out of their capes than the PRT is (typically portrayed as) giving. PRT would never say, "alright, we want you to go beat up Dr. Destroyer, figure the rest out."
And initiative, or lack thereof, is the major issue with PRT capes.
It reminds me of military RPGs, where you basically always want to set the campaign/story where chain of command breaks down and you have to rely on your own initiative, because otherwise it's really tiresome to play.
It's excruciating to GM even in the short run, ime, Faust.
Well now that you say we're all in agreement I want to argue the opposite.
A non-PRT hero group has similar initiative possible, too.
If it's a power then generally the power is built around how strong the attacks are.
My main issue with multiattacks is that there's nowhere to go up from there for a power, once you say you can attack 2/turn. I mean it's also too lethal and makes alpha strikes and etc, but, if a dude with a sword can do 2x mod cuts per turn, well, what's the dude with a relevant power gonna do.
Even imbuement strikers, they tend to operate on "here's an extra effect for hitting," not anything that relies on the actual weapon's stats or effects.
How so?
That's nothing to do with attacks per round, though.
I think [Sicol Bend is] in Oregon" I figured it out guys.
Hmm. Nope. Pretty sure I'm thinking of Oregon.
please stop deleting all the losing options from new gen docs, it makes the power gen completely illegible
just highlight the winner or put a big WINNER on it or something
I wouldn't say Null really. More Four.
You could tick the regen down a bit, but even just 3/session is +3 hit points (plus an extra ablative 7) and 7 Brawn.
remember when profundum was six perks instead of three.
jesus christ
Alright. So. Impendium into Profundum into Shardsense/[Wild success: Ferocia/Reckless]/Emotionally Stable
Power perk at a reduced effect for Profundum?
Yeah, let me think on it. The issue is it needs to have like, 1/6, 1/3, 1/2, 2/3, 5/6, 1 steps, which is a huge fucking pain.
well. i gues it's halved/doubled so 1/3, 2/3, 1, 4/3, etc.
but that's still real annoying for Ferocia.
Vern: vanderhuge rolled Impendium which went into Profundum which had a Wild Success. So the GM decided to just reroll luck.
One of Profundum's ticks was Ferocia, and it's a big pain to make a power that you can up in thirds.
Stealing people's bodies?
I don't think morgue owners get to just eat the corpses.
Half point? Iunno.
Sure, Firlz. I'll try to come up with something.
~
Breaker .7, Brute .2, Changer .1. Multi-usage is kinda Trumpy but ehn.
uhh wait fuck
$used 571
you claimed a lower number before claiming it.
$trigger 57
$unclaim 571
$claim 57 WDMinneapolis [Vanderhuge] Marble Bust Breaker
Uuugh. Master, Trump, Thinker.
Three, Four.

The floor of power tends to be "too weak to be able to beat a normie with the initiative" so like, a three.
I could see 5.
Loss, illusion, companionship.
PM to JLurks, right
Hey Teller.
Doing new-style gen on trigger 69.
There was a very similar trigger.
No Trump, though, was a coma.
Has Mega ever not been played?
I mean it's probably dtf.
Very well, I shall.
Not very well at all.
#69.
Better question, what isn't?
the standard GM answer is to reply with a question. "Is that the case?"
Rule of thumb for cauldron is the more powerful it is, the higher the mutation chance, right?" New Cauldron is more static, since players aren't scared of their characters turning into goopy monsters like people are.
Healers are useful for the same reason infinite organs would be" Not really? Healers mean that anybody who survives a fight can get back in on a new fight tomorrow. Healers are primarily for injuries, not diseases, which shards generally don't care about.
and unless you deus ex machina it like. it's boring for the player" Nah? What WD game lasts four years?
lmao
tubes|Zack: SyntaxError, eval((6)-1 soc), unexpected EOF while parsing (<unknown>, line 1)" this was a 6.
that's what eval((6)-1 soc) means.
All of them have rich stories.
Killing capes and unmasking capes doesn't do that.
It's an implicit rule about escalating to lethal force being something that'll come around on you, so, depends on who you're killing, if they've got buddies, if they're civvies or crooks, etc.
Power related.
It doesn't limit your pips I don't think.
is to refer to this: "Provided there is an established history (however brief) of using strength/powers, intimidation and coercion against a target or group, may use a relevant stat (typically Brawn, sometimes Knowledge) in place of social when interacting with said target/group."
Probably.
Man, I'm having trouble with this trigger, without doing a split power or something.
It seems really Thinker. Hrm. I guess you could do it as Breaker, split Breaker (x)/Thinker, or something.
Maybe a "soft" Breaker like Velocity or something.
Yeah.
30.
Is it?
I'd be up for that, turn"
It's primarily emotional rather than physical.
Alright, here's my idea, having trouble making it work. "Soft" Breaker, pumps body full of energy (+Brawn, damage causes energy to flare out and hit attackers/nearby people), but with a cost for pumping more and more energy in (psychological? easily tossed around/hard to hold a position?). Secondary Thinker makes them ignore pain/confused/etc and less likely to pass out.
Spacewhale magic. It does the thing it says in parenthesis, mechanically.
The issue I'm having is figuring out the cost.
Figured something out that I liked well enough and submitted, thanks for the thoughts.
Was it good for you?
Pretend to be the cape waifu's normal human sidekick.
Aww yeah. Three way.
Somebody else had that trigger.
Which was the first?
Oh, that.
Two Firlz were walking down the street, when one of them was... A-salted!
iri's the one who triggered.
There's one who comes up in Anchorage. Actually two who come up in Anchorage.
"Can ramp up/down Breaker state, one tick/round, as a free action."
I'd almost just say to shelve the gen or something because this trigger's a pita and it was done when there weren't many genners on.
30.
Even 2 is pretty passive.
Yes, that's why I'm using the word "even."
You are, n0us.
Don't worry, it's just an insurance fraud scheme.
Not much.

I think that die bonuses in general should be much more limited than they are at present. It makes skills far too "necessary" in contested rolls.

And if they have to buy the accuracy skill because otherwise they'll never hit, then they effectively can customize less.
Re: dot in skill/-1 in stat: I think probably a better solution would be specs for skills that do something like set your relevant stat for 3, for the purposes of those actions.
Or something like that.
It's a skills argument, because the reason you NEED the skill to have accuracy is that the other guy often has a skill of his own, especially if we're talking combat.
Nah, pretty sure it was just the crazy stacking you could do, and discussed solutions.
 is the chart
oops, output 2 is misphrased.
It's about the interaction in contested rolls, particularly in combat situations. My main mental example is a hypothetical fight between Nachzehrer and a flier with 4 Ath and three dots of Dodge; she can't use her normal attack skill (Brawl) or her normal attack stat (Brawn), so she's stuck with 1d6, against 2h6+1, which means she'll very rarely hit, which results in unsatisfying play. This applies in basically any circumstances where 
somebody's made a modest defensive investment and someone hasn't made any offensive investment.
With social stuff, was more a reaction to something Bel noted, which was that players would not try to take a given social action when it didn't fit with their relevant skill.
2h6+1 defense against 1d6 attack is 25% chance of hitting, which is miserable and even if you win means combat's gonna drag forever.
I think the main issue with combat though is on the defensive edge, giving accuracy-type skills a boost is fine.
So it's more the size, I think? Like I could imagine a defense skill that lets you reroll a natural 1, once per round, and that probably wouldn't make a fight too miserable.
That's another edge of the issue, I don't think +1d one size fits all is very good, since for e.g. Medical, it comes up less so the bonuses should be bigger, whereas Brawl comes up basically every scene Nachzehrer fights in, repeatedly.
No, Firlz, because it's not one roll, it's a sequence of rolls.
I'd lean towards changing the "value" of a pip (raising/lower how good it is) than the cost, since the former is much easier for a player to remember and deal with.
I don't think that's true at all, Pink, since I don't get to choose between having a prehensile buttocks and having flight and lasers, but I do get to choose between Medical and Computers.
and skills that are actually useful
From 8:16PM to 11:26PM to RP" were you letting people attack (Dex/2) times per turn
damn he left.
Does it?
I'm glad the tether shielder thing worked out, it was a little odd and I was worried about how it'd work in play.
At least, I assume it worked out.
rip Serk.
whatever happened to that guy. he was cool.
I'm just gonna change my name to Septahedron or something and you'll all have to put up with it.
Nach, upon Cwn getting stabbed in the butt whilst on the toilet by the ghost of Mortal Lock: "Good." (at line 372)
That's two more than we should have.
!who 372
Not my fault, Nick, see?
Anti and Pink did it.
She has the power to ruin docks right?" No, you're thinking of the people who shitpost on PHO threads, Mish.
Oh, well, if you're gonna be like that. *has Slither deported to the CUI*
am i the only person in this chat who is a human and not some kind of group of animals in a pile.
Imagine if your life was a blank slate where you had nothing planned and could do whatever you like. How horrifying.
maybe stranger/shaker.
no
Yeah, check the spacing.
'bow is one of the few people on the internet who use double space after a period.
I don't use double spaces after periods any more because online, it either a) doesn't display, or b) fucks up linebreaks.
It is proper.
>using word instead of notepad.
We're doing new gen so no useful discussion can happen until all the suggestions are in.
I'm.
Leyline or w/e's power was my second suggestion for that gen.
Seems annoying to adjudicate and not... *particularly* tied into the trigger?
Try studying naked.
Needs more visible linebreaks. Also so do all the other powers.
why dolls
It feels very passive, fire and forget.
Right but you just kinda point the power in the general area and it runs. Re: 4.
Blasters doc kind of is pushing powers away from that because if you have a laser power you actively shoot lasers but also you, the player, are just going to say "I shoot a laser at enemy A" instead of "I punch enemy A."
I'd say more like renders an area a minion summoning point.
Doesn't fix wounds, just lets you go longer.
Yes?
So if I cut you, you're still bleeding or whatever. You just don't get KO'd as quick because you now hav, effectively, an extra wound.
isn't that an effect
also it only takes place once, on a round where you're NOT hit.
then it's just +skill pips
then there's no encouragement to do anything before you build up to max.
Super passive in effect.
No, you're hallucinating.
it's a 30' range create a clone that dies if it moves 20' out of range of somebody and emotional manipulation that's just "ramp up what's already there."
You summon a clone and make them punch a guy, basically.
the clone can't really do anything more interesting than punch the guy because he's stuck around a guy. Maybe you could double your forces? But even then, it's just force multiplier stuff, nothing really new.
They're a big deal but they're not interesting.
Dealing eleven billion damage on a hit is a big deal but its only saving grace as a power for a player is that at least it doesn't drag things out.
caveat imperatrix.
Emotional manipulators should probably just be set to one/a specific selection of emotions. Making it reliant on the cape/their target's preexisting emotions just makes it a pain.
oh god
let's instead update the ones people thought were pretty okay.
The thing I really hate about new gen is that there's so little iteration, I think it seriously reduces power quality.
well you know what they say about intentions
4 and 6, sure, for iterating.
Hm. I don't really like just doing flat +pips to a skill. Hmm.
Ath is huge.
Pink was suggesting boosting the power of the tar rather than the Thinker-acrobatics.
Is it?
Oh, I mean, boosting as in, the slow boost.
Over the fight.
Yes, that's what I meant.
That gets rid of the elegance of the third dot of Acrobatics increasing range of jumps, though. Hrm.
True. Such as?
Push off; leap, not flit.
Oh, I like that. High levels ignore fall damage altogether, convert fall damage into on-hit splatter in addition to normal on-leave splatter.
Mover: 30' leap, 10' film, DC 3 escape. Each round not hit, during which they pass within 15' of an enemy, DC increases by 1. At DC 6, stops increasing. If parahuman hits target trapped in tar film at this point, deals an extra Lesser Bash. At maximum, always ignores fall damage; if would suffer Lesser Bash, leaves 5' splatter, Mod, 10', Crit, 20'. Can always cling to surfaces they leap to.
Thinker: Natural sense of areas (hard to get lost, blind sense of where stuff is when they've been in the area when it was lit). Always lands on feet, can't be knocked prone/supine (though can be pinned or similar into prone position).
As short-form.
That seems like a pain to track.
Issue then would be that you've got base DC, which... hm.
DC increases by one for each new splatter or round someone spends inside?
starting from 2-3.
Each new splatter a person goes through.
Long enough to last a fight, was my assumption. So like, an hour.
If you have to track durations, that's gonna be a pain.
A few minutes, sure.

I think so, unless Pink has some criticism.
Sure.
afk walk
I'd use Athletics as the "roll a 1, get hit," given the nature of the power.
Hm.
Have the skin of the torso area have the photo negative syrupy look of the film.
It doesn't say you should roll for mutation.
That's internal physiology though.
Like, organs and bone and such.
That's a different one.
There's only one "or," it's an "or" for the whole list not a single item.
Now all that's left is to abandon the campaign.
thal  Man, and I thought the S9 were scary. The idea of click for stuff ads still being a thing is possibly the most horrifying thing in Earth-Bet.
This would probably be a lot funnier if I knew anything about The Tempest.
The canon one is completely implausible because everyone has their thread display set to show the OP at the top of every page.
who would use that.
Horrifying.
Honestly I find PHO harder to deal with than fake-other-forums because it's just so... fanfic-y? At least how it plays out in WD context. Classic fanfic (or video game sequel, hmm) thing of, "remember this one thing that came up one time? Let's do it 100x times more until it doesn't make any sense at all."
do you want them posting on PHO or Twitter?
where are the microblogs for discussing the events of WD, I ask you.
Taylor didn't even know what a trigger event was. She's really stupid I think.
right but Zane's talking about knowing what Blaster/Striker/etc is.
not knowing who is a Blaster
What else you gonna say. It's not like pyrokinetic is less of a mouthful than fire Shaker. I mean, police codes are like, just numbers.
It's established that Taylor doesn't know anything.
She doesn't know what a trigger event is in canon, and 'bow has explicitly said that he'd probably touch that up.
Who cares about the official sense, anyway? I mean, are there people on the PHO threads pedantically pointing out that, ACTUALLY, if you have a range of under 5', you're a Striker, not a Blaster?
sure, but this isn't fanfic we're talking about.
I'd just use some other forum, because it can get pretty fanficcy and I have a hard time mentally conceptualizing what exactly a forum that's as big as PHO seems to be, yet has a scope as narrow as "parahuman-related stuff," is like.
Yes, given it's moderated by a robot.
'11
Birdcage predates Dragon.
Given that they care about capes, yeah.
It's called the Beumann center or something, theree's WoG.
because it predates her
somebody else started it and she runs it now
Iunno. Maybe when people say it they mean after a certain point, or maybe it did but facilities were very limited.
Good fanfics don't have PHO scenes.
Harsh.
number ratings in fanfic are way, way worse on every level, yes.
Is it?
You can ship plenty of stuff by boat.
Do you remember the part in Worm where it mentioned the UK starving to death? No, because you can ship stuff by boat. Leviathan disrupts shipping by smashing up ports and kicking up big waves, not by destroying all ships in the world.
They have to have, like, government insurance for Endbringer stuff or the entire economy would collapse.
The difference is you can't shoot Endbringers with bullets.
They're more like natural disasters.
Parid :^)
*Paris
They're probably in the Suits zone of control.
Don't think there's much more than that.
It's probably not that different from Lausanne, which is run by 'bow and has logs.
what the. tubes, you can't be younger than me. you definitely need to die.
it's a meme. get on our higher meme level.
Typically an even number.
Arms races are fine if you direct them in a logical and enjoyable fashion and the game's about fighting.
>good >d&d
Good strategy, listening to what he says would be letting the terrorists win.
The only thing they don't share is their precious bodily fluids.
I can.
did you claim and increment for iri's
"acting like a human"
make your perfect dream waifu by choosing your fights.
Was thinking Changer, yeah.
"3+5^X = 3" 5^0=1. So this is true for no one.
It doesn't honestly seem that Mover-y, she's not trying to run away, even though that would be 100% effective.
Changer ideas: Gives 'birth' to some kind of projectile or weapon. Injects people with venom that causes pregnancy-like symptoms. Whines like MiL causing brain damage in those that hear. Insinuates self into others bodies as parasite. Bloated, disgusting body that survives being struck easily.
and?
men can't get pregnancy powers now? nice.
it's partly so players don't go, "mreh, let's spend the first hour of the session on google."
80
What is 'fair'" To see your enemies deal marginally less damage than you, and to hear their lamentations as they inefficiently apply their skills and power effects.
take it from me: never give your children rhyming names.
I have a brother whose name rhymes with mine. My parents constantly called us by first + middle names so we could tell who they were yelling at.
their name is Dirk.
do you know what an almost rhyme is
hard to believe your brother's named after a famous DBZ character.
is this the cauldron chick
it's like the really wanky stuff you see in bad wormfic" *begins to read Auterville for the first time*
Who's Explosivo and why would I play them well.
The topic does make me think of which of my characters are the most/the least "smooth" to play for me.
It seems basically guaranteed to attract the most obnoxious players, yeah.
Because if you're not obnoxious, you can probably RP without paying a dude $300 a month.
Sure.
I'm thinking more of the guy who played a fae catboy in ever single game on roll20.
It should.
the only chill tonight is Netflix and Chill.
Nach's probably smoothest for me, I do have to pause a bit when she gets... loquacious probably isn't right, but you know. But other than the dialogue, yeah.
Clarissa/Stray is probably hardest for me. She's just not me at all, so it takes time for me to really think, what would this miserable spineless wreck do in this situation?
Yeah you can just paint in broad strokes and move on.
Mustard.
Hatchetface wouldn't be that fun to play, he has two powers: boring Trump, and boring Brute.
The latter.
I had fun.
Actually, "here" has changed. So I'm not so sure you have been here longer than literally everyone else.
Really everyone who came over to irc.parahumans.net when it got set up has equal claim to being here the longest, basically.
We /can/.
oh no not a game where you make stuff up on the fly
Monsterhearts has much better fuck mechanics than FATAL imo, but that's more a discussion for #GameDesign
You're a nerd.
Y'see, I'd play that as "You have to look for job openings" that's fine OOG. "Interviews" and on would definitely be RP'd." RPing someone failing job interviews would be too real for me.
Could cut out the "sniveling" and the sentence's meaning wouldn't change one iota.
what happened to claire?" What didn't.
Hello! Have you heard the good news if the Simurgh? " Oh no, everybody, the Chatter guy has changed religions and hacked Thal!
tickling her toes
using a Stranger power to tickle somebody... smdh.
Just go ham and cut up the air wherever this invisible person is. Teach them a lesson.
This invisible bitch definitely needs a smackdown.
Oh yeah, CG, when do you want to do another Lily session?
rip.
Abigail seriously needs to be brutally beaten with pots and pans.
Abigail: the new main villain of Sicol Bend, now that Schuyler is dead?
rip slither. she had a good run.
She had a good undulating motion.
I'm a little surprised the Protectorate let her out. I'm curious to see where it goes." I don't want to have to clean Slither off the walls of the HQ.
I already lost one cape to mental illness.
I've done all I can for Slither, tubs. Now it's up to you to do the rest.
Now, I know what you're thinking: "You haven't actually done anything at all." To which I respond: exactly.
The pro strat is to not let Abby perform surgery on you.
Yep.
Roger.
I keep forgetting that anti has a twin" Brutal.
It's too tempting for me to make OP builds." Make OP builds with 4 in a relevant stat instead of 5, since 4 is the soft upper limit.
Can't wait to throw this little shit in prison and never let her out again.
If you get your hands on her first, sure.
Caffeine is an addiction.
regular use of caffeine is self-defeating
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 369)
Has anyone come back from the dead in the entirety of WD, even like just being dead for two minutes and getting resuscitated.
even NPCs really
Marginally.
because the system was written with d6s in mind
It's much easier to get d6s.
You can play it offline, though, is the intent.
People with powers sometimes have Brawn 7-8.
you're a person, not your power." Your power's an expression of yourself, though.
Man, has being operated on by Abby ended well for literally anyone?
None, because "bulletproof face" is a shitty (and non-Wormy) power.
Does it?
Are they?
Actually, we often speak of it.
"worst" on what metric
_c 970*3
4+3
This is both Nachzehrer's theme and the kind of music she likes: 
"PLAYPEN taunted PIONEER about being blind." Jesus, what a bitch.
The overall OOG log.
Very carefully.
Whew. Just finished OOG plans for the week. Good luck, tubes.
>reddit sub >good
there's a weaverdice subreddit people sometimes try to inject life into, yes.
yeah and it was last posted on two weeks ago
I guess it is a good subreddit, since the only good subreddit is a dead subreddit.
Yeah, why roll if you want to fail.
I don't think that that is possible under the rules as it stands, actually.
I guess... maybe pulling a punch?
Why do you think riot police have shields?
Well, there are still bullet resistant riot shields, so there.
 there
Very few.
I feel like they trigger as Trumps too often.
They're incredibly expensive for whatever your price point is, I think.
If you're a hobo they're like 1,000 bucks or something, probably.
It doesn't come up in Worm, since there's only one buying from Cauldron scene.
I wrote 37 of them" I wrote 128.
You don't need to fill in a slot.
A person with 4 Know can have two different skills at 4 each.
You interpret their +1s as +1d.
It's supposed to be for getaways but chase scenes basically suck in all RPGs.
/mobilebasic
replace /edit with /mobilebasic, comments will be marked with [a][b][c], and then they'll be at the bottom of the page.
Some tables and such will look wonky.
Boo hoo.
what's hr power again
No, I don't think that.
the man who stole the bicycle
I was reviewing the San Raul logs to get in character, and lmao: "Hey, Artisan! If you don't like listening to my sister, here's my opinion on you: I bet it'll feel real good to beat you up and give you a swirlie!"
Was Kyle... sleeping in his high chair?
do I seem like a purple person?" If you do, Saff, then there's someone with one eye and one horn in a very relevant line of work.
He'd be eating you, as he's a purple people eater.

There's a couple early Lausanne sessions which have Tinkers trying to work on their Tinkering.
Was thinking Manticore and Armada's sessions prior to the reboot, though Reimann as well.
is it Armada?
My kid is fine. God.
Holy shit. A one year old can't immediately spoon food into his mouth, better throw him on the floor.
Yeah, cause the world will end in three years.
@Lysa:  Manticora and Armada are Tinkers.
Oh, you mean like, on a mechanics level? Generally I think we do one roll for Tinker crafting, since from what I've seen, most projects don't take a huge chunk of time to do once you have materials.
I just realized that auntie sounds like anti, making Kyle mistaking me for Evie create a funny pun.
Nailed that lie.
Ice cream.
I am a great wife.
It helps that I'm nothing like Evie so thinking I am her would be crazy.
Oh, yes. That. But I also don't cook IRL because I don't really like food.
saff is just getting her own wish fulfillment in, sheesh.
Slither deserves everything that's happened to her in the past, that's happening to her now, and that will happen to her in the future.
Seems sensible.
d/w, Sonderman cares.
I'm taking action on the Playpen front, I even dedicated a whole timeslot to reaming her out.
Jesus. Leaving your stay at home wife on Christmas to go to your friend's house.
Take her to a crematorium.
ALREADY
Yeah just take a break in the middle of breakfast to fuck him. Durr. No, that's for tonight.
I don't need to get him in bed to murder him, as I can turn into a giant bug and eat him whole.
However, Lily is a nice girl who doesn't want to cannibalize her husband, even if he is a controlling jerk.
*reading San Raul logs for Evie* Jeez, Evie's a total psycho.
What have I done?
Wow. Wow.
If they could, Slither would have by now.
I have two flaws, spelt. Nex, which just says I'm going to get in a big fight, and mental illness, which translates to me being manic.
Let's compare and contrast our Christmas plans. Evie: Pretend to be an offshoot and randomly attack people to increase bigotry against offshoots. Lily: Have a nice dinner with her husband and child.
No, that's Evie, Lily just wants custody, even though afaict Evie's ex isn't abusive while Lily's is a control freak.
who's carly.
which campaign was that in again?
you Anti, what's your husband's name
*yo
A righteous ending to an unrighteous story.
Lily's husband actually is more than just a jerk though.
Oh, Billings was run by Serk. Whatever happened to that guy.
$seen Serk
rip
That's the best part of the joke.
$roll 1d6 lucky
_c (1/2)*[(1/6)^3]
_c (1/2)*((1/6)^3)
Those are the odds of that.
Oh God, I just realized, Lily would totally flirt with all his friends.
Yeh, I'm reading it.
Finished.
Well, I am.
Deranged, and his mommy.
Don't think I'm his mommy IRL.
rip.
There's narration to the effect that they sent out trillions of shards, iirc. So no.
That's because it was one of the shards Zion kept. Like an unbalanced Eden shard.
Crackhead, with eyes glowing: "I am growing stronger."
Pumping Guts is good for certain concepts. I did it on Lily and Akane because it fits their respective characters.
Determined? Never say die? Fearless?
Actually, it says to direct them elsewhere.
No.
Mostly, you don't need that much in the way of rules for gear, and the old rules for weapons are at times completely insanely lethal.
that was a big part of why gun store robber died, iirc.
She got shot, like, one round? I think?
If guns are mechanically powerful enough to kill someone in one round, then there's no point to using powers that don't let you kill someone in one round or ignore damage, since they are less good than a gun. And all combat building on being instantly splatted makes for not fun play.
WD uses Wounds, Wounds measure out not killing you instantly by having attacks typically deal 1-2 Wounds per round.
*Why no one who ever goes with less than 3 guts lasts more than 1 fight.
It's really not lol.
It's not importance per se, it's how it interacts with the system. Unless you've got a compensating power, Guts 2 is like Ath 1 or Dex 1 in terms of how good you are at fighting.
I still think you should have an extra Wound. So if you've got Guts 2, you have 3 Wounds, Guts 3, 4 Wounds, etc. Makes people more survivable in general, and makes Guts 2 less suicidal.
Mental fortitude doesn't come up that much, so it makes sense. Guts is more the meta "how much you can keep going through" stat.
I think mental fortitude fits better with Guts; focuses thinking more on determinator type characters than just bulky blobs of meat, and makes sense from an IC view (being shot is really about as bad no matter how much meat you've got, it's just whether you go into shock).
"just out of curiosity"
Driving no longer exists as a skill. Owned, Scrags.
Nothing.
It's a skill that's really limited in application and would need a subsystem for it.
Wits and social probably get rolled the most, but failing those don't outright kill you." I think probably the combat abilities get used the most, Brawn/Dexterity/Athletics/Guts. Since you roll them every single round every single fight.
rip Schuyler.
and look at that. Schuyler has 3 Guts but he's still dead.
Jesus. Every single one of your characters have 4+ Know, Anti. You have a problem.
Akane did fine with 2 Know. Stretch your wings.
Akane was 3/4/4/3/1/2/4 with only combat skills (Dodge 3/MA 1). The ultimate minmaxer is me.
I think Anti means  more like, being in a situation where you don't give them an opportunity.
A definitely depends on the GM.
*Naruto senses flare to life* I sense his killing intent.
What is your obsession with the poo yourself in front of everyone trigger, Firlz?
There are much better ways to do a Brute/Stranger trigger than that, and I believe that you, Firlz, are smart enough to come up with one.
whatever happened to the pile of powers Brute/Shaker multi
no, the one with 5 powers
nick got him I think
no, explosivo is megajump, damage reduction, and pillars? I think on the last one.
p sure you're confusing it.
Black Samurai
I think Ronin 8 is taken.
It's a very generic power.
Photon Lady is flying artillery.
I'm not sure how everyone choosing ancient cities for names would be less generic than names like Glory Girl and Aegis.
Alexandria is a vastly better name than Lugdunum.
And I say that as someone who knows more or less where Lugdunum is on a map.
Gonorrhea.
Also I think the Alexandria-city connection is played down, in story.
Alexandria is a decent name, but naming yourself after ancient cities just because Alexandria did (if you're even aware, which you're probably not, since it's a girl's name) is goofy. It's not like all flying artillery have Legend-esque names or all Trumps have Eidolon-esque ones.
Alexandria was more than 'an ancient city'" Yeah, it was like sixteen, because Alexandros liked to jack himself off like that.
My next cape's name is now Captain Retard. Hellhound me, if you dare.
No, he's just a self-deprecating Alexandria package.
Handy.
It's been mentioned in OOG stuff, I think. I haven't done anything on that front so probably not.
They'll just call you Shit for short.
Life is an unending series of agonies inflicted largely at random.
what about killer bees
They... literally... are?
Are you a bee?
I was mostly just asking like, "On a scale from enhanced athletic abilities to high-level reality warpers, what's the general level that people are most commonly at"?" Literally every single human being on the planet is vulnerable to the subtle but completely unstoppable mental influence of August Prince. His rating is Master/Stranger 3. "Enhanced athletics" guy could easily be better in a fight than "high-level reality warper" guy.
A real bad strategy.
wrong bot
still wrong bot
I think discretized Wound slots is one of the best elements of WD's design by far.
Horrible.
Anyway, Tally, I'd say the general ballpark for power is: "Not so strong that you can't face meaningful opposition without someone bypassing your power completely, and not so weak that you can't reliably beat a normie when you have the initiative and are leveraging your power effectively."
Note the low used number.
about the bottom quartile.
Keep in mind a trigger that was made years ago could slowly worm it's way up to the 1 slot before finally getting pulled, so there's a lot more mushiness on when triggers stop being dumb.
Is the person deeply emotionally attached to their pants not being shit in.
Generates [material] to cloak self, provides [stealth effect] and [deleterious effect on people touching it], can leave as slime trail type deal.
Maybe use the stall as thematics for the self-protective effect. Small, "safe" space.
Parahuman generates invisible, thick liquid, similar consistency and feel to mud, which evaporates after a few minutes. Spreading it on the ground creates a hazard, each 5' in it takes 10' of movement for people other than the cape. Can spread 10'x5' rectangle as a half-action.
People who touch it with bare skin suffer a loss of strength, -1 Brawn for each round of sustained contact, regenerating at 1 Brawn/two rounds when out of contact.
Finally, while standing within area created, can spend half-action to will it to form a bubble around self, protecting from visibility. Can move along areas of material, and spread them further out as normal without bursting bubble. Attacks or contact with an enemy cause the bubble to "burst," splattering outward, but may still cause strength loss effect.
Seems pretty clear what.
Should she?
How appropriate.
A competition to kill Shades?
Dammit.
Wooooow.
you got a relationship and a loving family. I got porn and staying awake until 3AM listening to my parents shout at each other " Sounds like you are the winner.
Attack of the WD memes.
What the.
No one is allowed to be born after 1991, whn I was born. All of you must be killed.
what are the WD memes. PHO being dumb. Saff's character crying. Scrags going nuts on a campaign. Thal being called a psycho even though she isn't.
My rolls are perfectly normal, I'm just good at the game and you take my statistically normal positive rolls as an excuse for it.
It's a fact of life.
abstract lols
What's my action/descriptor
how
@vern
gr8 sk8 m8 i rate your mover power an 8/8. (at line 441)
the censorship has gone too far
You know I feel like a parahuman who had the ability to identify others powers would actually be incredibly useful, but like, what kind of trigger would even cause that?" It's a really tepid power honestly.
The luck roll is different.
You would get the power to reroll the trigger.
Lots of powers are just straightforward in application.
There's no holes like e.g. Shadow Stalker.
On an OOC level, the power's basically fun cancer. For a PC, solve every puzzle fight by hitting the HINT button, and for a GM that power either does nothing or just chumps a player.
then the power does nothing.
No?
There's a big difference between getting hints and getting the solution.
And?
Do you live in some kind of gender segregated country where women and men don't interact?
rip.
He died doing what he loved. Being alive.
As long as you stay on non-evaporated fluid.
All these similar names are the death of me" *said as he names himself in a way almost indistinguishable from n0us.
*
$seen n0u*
I'm arguing that sometimes the powers are random and are not always designed to be used togehter." I can't think of any that work at an actual cross purpose or are redundant, and any that don't do that can easily be used together.
Actually the shards compliment each other and the flattery makes the powers work better.
Complement.
A color complements another color. A sycophant compliments a person.
Why can't I fling a building with +10 Brawn, panth?" Because it's not physically possible to fling buildings because they'd collapse rather than actually get thrown anywhere.
It's actually mentioned in, uhh, the Circus bit that 'bow posted somewhere.
"What mattered to me right at that moment was that he was walking right into the building as it fell down and as far as I could tell, tearing it out of it's foundation. Any other strongman hero would have simply had their hands go through the ceiling above them or had sections of the building come apart as they lifted."
Strongarm.
I did feel kind of weird in my recent San Raul session because I knew I had a mental model in my head of my character's house, and I assume CG does as well, but there's no communication between us on that so odds are mine's 100% off.
It didn't really matter but it was an odd thing to think about.
Alright check out my awesome house mapping skills, if you dare: 
Ah, yes, that's the only problem with this map.
Bath and toilet.
oh and the top quarter of the kitchen is the pantry, whoops.
none of it is to scale
the bathroom with a bath and a toilet that's the size of a couch is also off scale
it's just my grandparents' house lol
alright, new and improved: 
they swing out of the entryway
let's have all the doors swing into the narrow corridor. durr.
Uh oh.
Oh, you want to pick up with Lily on Sunday, CG?
actually insert me screaming
I had never considered how awful new gen was for multitriggers until now.
It can't be worse than audrey" da fuq?
Well it's also bad for regular triggers too imo but it's way worse for multis.
New gen = anonymous submission, then criticism/votes afterward. Old gen = everybody talks it over in chat. New gen has less iteration (or intermixing between ideas), more initial powers.
PM to GM, then they put it on a gdoc.
You do like one iteration pass and that's it, because the feedback loop is like 5x as slow.
No, that's not true at all or what I said either.
Blushy...
Archival, Explosivo, Panoply and Citizen, Inflame and that other guy. Explosivo had 3 for a two person unit, P&C had 4 for a two person unit, I&whoever had 4 for a two person unit. If I&whoever is the conmen, anyway.
Err. Forgot quote marks.
Archival did have 2 for a two person unit.
where were you guys last time
I was busy gaming elsewhere.
I meant as in what did you have when you left off.
I'm not sure how you can do practice switcher when fights typically last 5 exchanges tops.
hello
6 rounds is the duration of the combat.
Doesn't really feel like a multi's Thinker power.
^
they powers should be linked thematically, not mechanically " They should be synergistic.
what was it
that's not what i mean by synergistic
Oh, I had a write-up but I didn't want to just take over gen. Should I post it?

Which one's the primary in yours? It's kind of heard to read with the way linebreaks are done.
No, I sat down to do it and just went uuurgh there's nothing to work with.
The trigger isn't Thinker primary though??
Don't roll luck within ten seconds of being asked then
I'd like to at least take a moment to look over CG's, I had to copy it over to actually read it because the lines run into each other.
You only get to use the Striker moves every third strike, right?
err, fourth.
OK, my two major issues would be, 1) it should be Brute primary given the trigger, and 2) the Striker bit only gives you choices every nth attack, whereas the rest of the time it's pretty much "keep attacking."
Of getting stabbed in the ribcage?
It's on people, though. The mechanism is putting crystal in bloodstream.
I really don't feel Brute minor; the other guy's not getting stabbed or anything, it should be major or nothing.
Where did bow say to do it that way?
These two powers haven't been discussed very long at all.
I mean, if we start the gen clock from when you posted, thats like 25 minutes of gen.
Do you want a bad power Saff, I can just write up a bad power for you and give it to you.

$help claim
.4/.3/.3
yes
is for horses
CG, want to pick up San Raul in ~30m?
Scene skip would probably work better.
Big deal.
You know, I'm sick of people acting like your day job should decide whether you get custody of your kids.
Unlikely.
Still.
He's really close to canon.
He can't die because he only dies at the end of the world, and he can't really lose because his powers are insanely strong and versatile, so he's busy off in Houston or wherever he lives.
Dermis.
Maybe.
Oh my God he's cheating on me.
I thought he was just trying to control my movements, finances, life choices, etc, not cheating on me. There are lines.
No, that's Evie.
Divorcing him and getting custody of Kyle.
I thought he was just trying to control my movements, finances, life choices, etc, not cheating on me. There are lines.
findom is the most deranged fetish i'm aware of
just give your money to some chick. this is hot.
I'd just reroll if I got it, findom is just so fundamentally opposed to everything that I am as a miser.
His side chick's very insistent it seems.
Awkward.
Hi.
The great thing about "I hope you're single" in this context is it's completely deniable, I can just clarify "I meant because you shouldn't be hitting on other girls while in a relationship" if it goes wrong.
Can't wait to ruin this bromance.
rip
A place to sleep? Meh. A place to put a computer? Life or death.
Boom bitch.
Time to send a text saying "Hi, this is Andrew's wife, Lily. Merry Christmas!"
I'm planning on divorcing him, jeez.
Lily is a good girl.
Besides, you're not even murdering your husband, you're getting somebody else to do it for you, you big hypocrite.
All capes are professional death dealers.
I had the really funny idea of Lily interrupting and saying, 'Yeah, bro!'
If Anti was a real pro he would do like I'm doing, ruining his husband's life and leaving him to wallow in it.
No?
I didn't click the link at first so I thought that was BorkleSnar
One of the upsides of a manic episode is that you don't sleep very much, which makes cheating on your husband a lot easier.
You wanna OOG that, or?
It's a pretty simple plan, yeah. Take his hand, thumb on the screen, find whoever he's sleeping with and send them a text warning them that he's a control freak asshole, then fuck his bff's brains out, ruining their friendship. Gahaha.
She's not telling him she fucked his best friend until after she serves him papers, obviously. His side ho might though.
lol
RPing Lily is an interesting challenge because a) she never says "I think," "maybe," "probably"; she knows, it is, definitely, while I tend to say maybe probably I think I guess a lot, and b) she shouldn't take much in the way of precautions for if her plans fail, which I instinctively do.
If Anti was a real pro he would do like I'm doing, ruining his husband's life and leaving him to wallow in it." Consider: Your husband is a cuckold who will probably just find another woman and never learn his lesson. My husband will be dead, I will be able to watch and replay the video of his death as  well as the moment where he realizes
Alright, I'm considering that Anti. Okay, considering complete. While he may just get another girl, it's really hard to recover from your best friend sleeping with your wife.
Yeah but it's a peaceful kind of non-recovery.
She might not even know he was married, so that would be wrong.
I won't be able to turn it back tho.
I already forgot that.
Can I? I don't have you for reference.
I don't have extremely detailed photos of myself naked from 360 degrees and varying camera distances, no.
Did you get caught?
wb
Nothing's been genned for it.
It got rolled but gen didn't finish, maybe swapped triggers.
Striker
Maybe light Trump.
Themes: being hung up, long-term pain, binding, very gradual damage, helplessness.
Alright, I got something. PM it to you?
They can be twisted. Removed the word in editing without realizing.
Yes.
Very mechanically bland.
It feels kind of one-note. You just punch people and auto-apply the bindings when you do.
It seems like the weaknesses probably don't compensate for the benefits, yes.
Or, overcompensate for them.
Maybe if the destination isn't visible, but it's still somewhat slow?
Ehn.
I'd prefer a writeup of combined 3 & 4 to pass judgement on.
Fulv's doing a writeup I think.
plx use linebreaks
Honestly I'd prefer it as the donut disk thing you wre discussing earlier, detachable hands feels a little armorfacey.
I'm like 80% sure you can get your hands back from that, since the trigger was in part inspired by a story of somebody doing that doing stupid BDSM shit and they didn't lose their hands.
They tied themselves up at home when no one was there.
It was black or grey.
It's not the durability that bugs me or anything, it just feels... a little silly? Iunno what the word is.
"I can discard and regenerate my hands" feels oddly specific in a very strange way.
Oh, you'll never be able to grapple people with Brawn 1.
Well.
There's a grappling subsystem, is this supposed to be keying into that? Because that has specific rules on how to break out of. This looks more like you mean Brawn v. Ath or Brawn?
Sure.
Is it an action to remove them, at least? Honestly they seem real shit as far as holding people goes, even against a cape with a major group, they'll break out 50% of the time.
Hm. Actually this just seems really weak.
You've got, in effect: +2 Brawn (for pushing only? Can you attack with a swarm?); +1 armor; and then a kinda meh delaying action that's got a good chance of just costing your opponent his turn.
Err, of just costing your opponent an action, leaving them another action.
Are you supposed to be able to grapple-swarm multiple people/as a free action? Maybe, then.
Then give them more of a normal Brute package to go with the hands.
If you don't want to make grapple-swarming easier/more frequent/multitarget/etc.
It's not /that/ convoluted. There's like, five options of what to do with the hands, two of which are just another option, but twice as good.
That's a little strong.
And by that I mean insta-wins fights very easily.
The discus thing also makes it easier to fluff up a Brute bonus. Hrm.
It's easier to say, "oh, and the discuses give you +2 armor +2 Brawn while you're wearing them," though, versus hands where you basically have to give some Brute secondary booster shot.
We could try rolling a Brute Bonus, they're filled out it looks like.
Hm. That could work. I'd say it gives an extra... either +1 armor (if hive mind can change its mind and get back to defending after a nontrivial criteria), or +2 (if it doesn't). And +1 Brawn/+1 Ath (for hands shoving you around), maybe?
Oh, hey, here's an idea: hands regain confidence to block after taking down an opponent.
Sure, sounds good.
Your hands come off repeatedly, grab, and power drain people.
Who's Night Hag?
Alright I made a Cauldron app, now all I need is a game to use it in and then get 1 star.
I've had "burn yourself alive in protest, but then realize this really sucks" on my trigger ideas doc for a while.
Oh, chance of deviation IS optional now.
Who has done Cauldron capes that were just normal Cauldron gens, with the current rules?
Do we have a clue why his timestop is so wonky?" The GM didn't want to have to work out exactly how many seconds it would take to do every single action in any scene he's in.
Do we have a clue why [Clockblocker's] timestop is so wonky?" The GM didn't want to have to work out exactly how many seconds it would take to do every single action in any scene he's in.
What would be a good skill for a really bookish/intellectual 14yo? I have 2/2/3/4/4/3/3 Scrutinize 2 Tactics 4 right now.
it's not in the TOC yet but it's there.

Mm. Lower class background so I don't think Computers quite fits.
14.
Scrutinize is basically old Investigation rebranded.
Medical might could work.
She has a chronic illness... I guess that could justify a dot or two of Medical, yeah.
?
Oh, the stat lineup is pretty much set, unless I want to just give up points for no reason.
Oh. Well I have 8 points to spend and Scrutinize is capped by Soc.
Background: Born with homozygous (SS) sickle cell anemia, which is highly lethal. Father took her around a lot of different doctors, quacks, faith healers (including a UFO cult and a Tenrikyo church), parahumans, eventually hits Cauldron. Intelligent, introspective, analytical, but taciturn and withdrawn due to constant moves, listens more than speaks. African-American, pretty, 14 years old, thin.
I decided to prepare a Cauldron cape for whenever I get into a game where I can be Cauldron.
Harsh.
Yeesh.
wb shem
I decided to prepare a Cauldron cape for whenever I get into a game where I can be Cauldron.
christ
passw0rd?
you people ought to be ashamed of yourselves
just make it like, a list of random crap you have in your computer room. so ChairPepsiUsedTissue1995.
Nay.
pretty sure it's /msg nickserv
even p1ssword would be better.
Lesson Jearned.
She was eaten by a monster.
Oh, did I apply to this already? I remember the X! thing
So this is 2003?
Finally free from the English yoke.
I ran really soon after coming here, too.
when you say it that way it sounds like you're being insincere.
because you're overselling.
I wouldn't say it's odd.
Small percentage of powered people makes it easier to hide, not harder.
@Fulv: roll 1d4 (LF/PF/LP/PP), then roll $life flaw (or whatever) twice, and pick the more appropriate one to the background/power/etc.
a ton
all of them
are we talking populations of like 800 here or what
because OK, in a town with 800 people who mostly know each other it probably is hard to keep a secret identity.
Their big guns are the ones most likely to be able to keep a secret identity though??
The people in a small community who make a nuisance of themselves are likely to be figured out, because everyone knows everyone so they go, where's the teenage boys, oh Patrick's missing, it must be that fucker Patrick. The public, well-known hero could be any of 4.5 million people across the country.
There's the Suits (EU?) and the King's Men (UK/Dominions?), I think.
Take pride in not outing your heroes and exposing their families to grievous bodily harm.
That would happen if somebody related to a cape mentioned that they knew they were really X Cape, in the USA, as well, however.
Is the government keeping your family members under 24/7 protection
The thing is that there is a subset of parahumans who are fucking insane retards, and they aren't entirely comprised of me and Thal's characters.
tbf the rest of New Wave was also public ID'd and none of them got knocked off.
there's a guy in the US who runs around with a gang of homicidal maniacs and murders tens of thousands of people. you think nobody in Ireland is going to be willing to kidnap your wife?
The thing is that there is a subset of parahumans who are fucking insane retards, and they aren't entirely comprised of me and Thal's characters.
the Irish are a civilized race.
He can be a celebrity and a symbol of how great Ireland is without having a public identity, though.
It's basically a conceit of the setting that people with superpowers decide to dress up in costumes and fight each other rather than doing other more sensible things.
that would make it less likely to stick because only outed capes get shanked.
she deserves that though.
yes but then it does happen, to the people who do it.
There's a guy in the USA who is on a psychotic endless death rampage.
and has been. for decades.
it's a canonical sociological assumption that that does not occur.
I am thinking politics. There have been countless shootings, and gun control has still been devisive" Yeah, in the USA, because the US has private gun ownership deeply entrenched in culture and law for literally hundreds of years. Not in Australia though, where one retard shooting like fifty people resulted in heavy gun control.
Didn't Scion literally just crunch the UK up so that number is about 0?
Funny thing to imagine: Scion destroys Great Britain and Northern Ireland but leaves the rest of Ireland because that's not the UK.
Based on my understanding of the Isles, I don't think NI wants SI to help them with their "power vacuum."
the Cauldron people?
or are you saying Resh is Cauldron?
Huh. What gossip have you to report of this group of people.
rip.
that would be pleas.
it's probably some irish thing.
That'd be Phleas.
See, there it is again Faust.
Sure, but "don't ask anyone here about your campaign" sounds like overselling though.
I don't see why you're writing them in a way that makes them insincere and am confused if it is intentional or not.
Do they?
I wasn't thinking of you.
Cauldron only gets one perk/flaw I think.
Ah, yes. I hate having to play characters" Well, given your characters' track record...
rep's moved away from sliders towards rep cards
it's in the Gameplay section of the rules.

Negative Reputation is what you're looking for.
what the hell. Kyle is a precious angel.
he's one year old.
I'm great, Kyle is great, and Andrew is about to get owned.
Your kid has your awful genes though, Anti.
lol that you don't remember your own son's name. smdh.
what the. i'm not evil.
Lily is in an abusive relationship and acting out to try to regain control. Evie is going ham on a bunch of kids on Christmas.
Your son's name is David, btw, Anti.
didn't you have two kids, or am I misremembering?
no, I totally forgot him, who is he again?
I assume it's a he, since he's Grey Boy.
Speedwagon.
Not yet.
I assume it's because we all fantasize about it being destroyed by violent assholes with superpowers.
You should have used that as your name.
poor foss.
reveal that it was all just a dream
Why aren't police officers in the real world silly?
I have a doggirl I'll never get to play. rip.
I'll also never get to play her.
It also has slutty bug girls.
Well. At least one.
Oh, now it's bad for it to be silly?
>implying
Lily is happy because she's in a manic episode and she's even got the sex appeal spec for Charm so she's sexy.
You can cheat on your spouse, like me.
Scared?
Scared to RP fucking your waifu?
how would you know if you haven't read them
Which one's that?
presumably, Weaver Dice set in Victoria, British Columbia.
be nice to me
ty
Also too close?
This one's more Tinker.
Incapacity, invalid, taking care of someone, loss of self/identity (of spouse), throwing oneself in a difficult situation out of moral/personal obligation.
you can
...I would have started from the high end.
nooo
You claimed from the bottom up.
I found the old claim command.
Let me do it.
$trigger 87
$claim 87 Tallahassee [Shadewalker] Breaker state makes an electric horse that explodes
Faust is the one who unclaimed the wrong one.
Skinsuit option for disguise?
I'd say toxic interactions with attached flesh, but treatable by the parahuman themselves, so that it creates reliance in people enhanced.
Yes.
Also "requires maintenance" is a common Tinker thing anyway.
Probably if they had a close enough specialty and got a chance to examine it.
Most people aren't super willing to get parts chopped off and replaced for some reason, though.
Realdoll.
Don't forget luck.
Me.
ouch.
My idea with the materials was that it's one lump of basically static material (e.g. a plastic arm doesn't have bones, it's just cut out into shape), yet it also interfaces with nervous system where it connects, and the connection goes both ways. + you can put the controls for a person in a skin glove or w/e.
It used to be power gen then bid, CG.
how'd he get three disads
Oh. Cauldron capes aren't better than other capes, so loading them down with disads is unnecessary.
especially when you're bidding on powers
thinker, tinker, maybe Breaker if she actually swallows.
probably a Changer shade to whatever power
oh if i'm pretending to be a newbie then Master.
we've genned a lot of Masters because it's easy to see Master elements in almost any trigger, so we've been avoiding genning Masters for quite a while now.
it'll take something like 68 gens of only the other categories to bring things into alignment with the # of masters.
gl
You run Norwalk, Faust?
Actually, it's not okay.
I, as well.
You are now Verxor to me.
that's cruel verxor.
and then the same question for Strangers, what counters a high level Stranger?" It depends on the Master and the Stranger. Generally, Shaker powers are good versus Masters, and Thinker powers versus Strangers, though it depends on the specifics.
It's because Anti posted relatively late, and therefore I want to incorporate the direction of some of the other power submissions that people felt agreeable towards so that everyone actually had an effect rather than Anti walking and deciding it by himself, thus making us having wasted our time before he showed up." That's every gen.
I shall.
poorly
Cool: Some shards are off-type so that the setting can include elements that break the traditional rules and trends for powers in exceptional ways. Not cool: Obsessing over the relative power levels of the shards like this is Fate/Stay Night or some similar garbage and we need to know whether Archer's Strength score is A+ or A++.
Mishie, fortunately, is not a mod.
I was recently thinking about how I "learned" power gen, and a lot of it involved looking at various powers and what did/didn't work, common elements, whys/hows. A newbie wouldn't have a very easy time of this, so I was thinking some kind of repository (e.g. from a survey poll for GMs) might be useful. Thoughts?
wtf
alright, now you die bitch.
Right, that's why it would be stuff like "this power was really fucking annoying because X"
Or, alternately, "this power lead to cool stuff because Z."
this was my attempt at a survey poll for it: 
Well, idk, I did like twenty pages of thoughts on power gen and that doesn't seem to be too useful either. I feel like this format might help in that people would, in noticing patterns/etc, think about these things in their own way rather than winding up kinda crappily regurgitating someone else's material.
Sixty-one.
I like making capes.
I like to make capes and I feel like off-the-cuff capes often have a different texture to them.
I think it's more helpful to think in terms of major groups/players, than the capes individually.
Yeah I'm just a little worried cause at the moment everyone I've made is in a group for one reason or another" They probably should be.
Yes.
The former.
My Cleveland cape started off as in the Silver Bullets.
"It's the GM's fault" and "it's my power's fault" are worthless thoughts because you can't change either. They're the thoughts of a loser.
GMs definitely give you space to breathe on bad rolls a lot of the time if you've been a generally good and intelligent player.
Oh, so being a reckless dumbass is bad now?
It's 99999999999999999999x better than being a cautious bore.
Harsh.
Oh yeah? Well I disagree. Checkmate.
There should be a trigger where you're an incorrigible punster and you get murdered for it and don't actually trigger, you just die.
but i have never punched a child" Or so you claim.
Wand Emperor
Perhaps not wanting to slap each other's naked asses in the locker room is the weird thing.
play Star Trek Online
_c 1-(1-17/(20+16+13+17+15+16+16+20+14+10+16+15+13+19+16+18+15+15+15+20))^3
that can't be right
_c 17/(20+16+13+17+15+16+16+20+14+10+16+15+13+19+16+18+15+15+15+20)
that's my odds of getting into Indianapolis. rip.
Oh. Then it's more like 20%.
why did dashy fail so bad at that calculation. does it not follow PEMDAS
it's based on # of tickets so i assume not
_c 1-[(1-17/(20+16+13+17+15+16+16+20+14+10+16+15+13+19+16+18+15+15+15+20))^4]
_c 1-((1-17/(20+16+13+17+15+16+16+20+14+10+16+15+13+19+16+18+15+15+15+20))^4)
okay, so yes, it doesn't follow PEMDAS.
It interprets [] as an array, not a bracket.
Like... does that even actually happen? I dunno." It's based on a r/relationships story I can no longer find but was written by the wife (or girlfriend, or fiance, idr).
'bow keeps hiding sheets
Put it on before you go out.
The 2-round channel is so you can't take it off/put it back on in a fight to regen all your armor without a lot of finagling.
Is it versatile?
It's a meh Blaster power, a meh Shaker power, a meh Brute power, and a meh Striker power.
_c 1-(1/7)^3

it clearly does not.
The primary issue with random powers is they create a layer of opacity between the player and what their character can/will actually do. This kind of gets around that, since you know before you act whether you're in Blaster/Brute/Shaker/Striker mode, but the resultant powers are all very meh. I mean if you gave me any one of these as a PC power, I'd be, "this is not going to be fun," it's still not going to be fun when you swap between sixteen 
of them.
Okay, then it's still not going to be fun if they collect sixteen of them.
I don't think it's too powerful.
weren't all your randoms opaque
It seems kind of crappy honestly.
yeah but they just leave
dc4 isn't that hard
Opaque powers aren't fun.
Three ends the fight?
It doesn't say it stacks.
here's a table of effects for 1: 
You're right, all powers should have the opportunity to make edits. Uargh!!!
It's absolutely a bad idea to prevent changes/edits from being made and only serves to make powers worse.
I'll vote for 1.
i'm on mobile
at least as far as gdocs is concerned, anyway
Yes? Why wouldn't you get a vote. Hell just give yourself 50 votes.
There has been a tendency to make Trumps with powers that are not so great.
It's entirely on the strategic scale so I don't think you get much "pray for effect".
I think RNG elements are basically fine in principle, but you absolutely have to load up the power elsewhere because "this is random" is about 0 interesting choices.
Intelligent.
risk: i bore the gm to tears by being a boring loser. reward: i also get bored to tears.
oh now we care about small children rather than wanting to dunk on them?
chat then: Your one year old is terrible, Non! Chat now: Can you beliieve how these monsters treat small children??
oh now we care about small children rather than wanting to dunk on them?"
I bet if I made Kyle dress up like a pretty princess, all the sudden your tunes would change.
I made the colors change only in between fights so there's no temptation to sit there desperately rerolling for one particular option.
Shards want the stakes to be high to encourage innovation. Typically sports fighting takes great lengths to minimize the stakes.
It's been a rough couple months for Millie Moon. Well, years. Decades. Ever since her parents gave her that name, things have been pretty rough.
Do I even need to explain?
That new direction? The power of rock.
Ugh, mixing vials.
It sucks.
It almost always results in a power that is "take these 2 powers and thread them together into one power" and there's no degrees of freedom left for individuality in expression as a result of the actual person imbibing.
Coronet, Technician, Grant.
_c ((7+7)*.8)+8
As the dice gods are not real, they become angry when you call upon them.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 369)
how is that racist
Buckler did temporary mutations on himself right
bywho
#WDCayo
It almost always results in a power that is "take these 2 powers and thread them together into one power" and there's no degrees of freedom left for individuality in expression as a result of the actual person imbibing.
we should discuss i think?
Grant explicitly states it's a separate minor.
the most dangerous mutation, putting all your sensitive nerves on the outside of your skin.
why'd you emptyquote me earlier anti.
it is, but your nerves are not your brain
I don't like four because it needs some periods in there somewhere.
Hell, I'd settle for an exclamation point.
where's Grant
I vote 1 or 2.
roll 1d4, LF/PF/LP/PP. Roll twice the selected, pick the more appropriate.
Sweet moves fits with her narcissistic desire to be praised as a hero like Dragon.
Christ that's a long cooldown.
Hm? I don't.
Oh, that.
Yes. Just leave them in the doc and highlight the winner. It's just that reading a gen after the fact becomes nigh-impossible if you delete the losers.
No, because everybody in San Raul right now is too pro to die.
Kill Anti IRL so you can take Evie's slot.
is the person actually registered
Get them both at the same time, duh.
Buy an automatic weapon and shoot them both.
Do I have to plan all your murders for you.
rip
poor spelt
I'm pretty sure 'bow's said something to the effect of "if it's a large stable parahuman org it probably has a lot of Cauldron members to get it going."
Wait a second. It's not anything like that at all.
Magnificent. Scepter. Lord. Princeling. Mandate. Regnal.
in the sense that i have logs of everything on #WeaverDice yeah.
why do her shoes have heels
do they
didn't you
is it?
good luck tubes
Slither has such a cool power.
Yes, and?
Abby's about to die unless she moves at least six feet away from Slither.
Then she'll only probably die.
This is self defense. This is my right as an American citizen.
now the graphic I made will have to be replaced with a cartoon tombstone instead of a cartoon person in jail.
sicol bend
here's hoping she didn't activate a dead man's switch on your bomb
the answer is to die with honor and your head held high, unlike Schuyler who died like a bitch.
sure, here's some, just let me scrape him off the walls.

it is pretty final, you gotta admit.
then pay attention instead of reading WD.
keep killing her in case it's a trick
Yes.
Abby got in arm's reach of the girl whose superpower makes lets her become invulnerable and ignore armor if she stands still.
Total invulnerability ftw yet again.
Oh, I assumed that was because she moved when she fell and thus was no longer totally invulnerable.
On the downside, that probably destroyed your wheelchair.
What did she expect to happen honestly.
rip.
dead man's switch in Abby somewhere I assume
That's what a dead man's switch is. Some regular signal Abby sends out and if it doesn't get sent, say because she's a corpse that exploded, then Slither blows up.
Presumably with a really short fuse, damn, a few seconds? Lord. What if she'd gone in a faraday cage by accident or something.
Pretty sure Abby's our worst enemy. FUCKNIg bitch.
I had a bug in your wheelchair to try to do a sneak attack on Abby. rip.
d/w, I gave my guys orders to go through with it even if she threatened to kill you so you probably would've died either way.
Actually, plenty of them are just facing fates worse than death, iri.
Dammit, tubes. This is going to make me look really bad.
Two kills?
and now we all know you should never ever let tinkers perform surgery on you.
Damn. Has anyone had a non-horrible end to letting a Tinker perform surgery on them in Sicol Bend?
gn
yeah it sure is crazy to kill your sisters murderer" It was clearly self-defense, just like if somebody was pointing a gun at your head and forcing you to do things, and you killed them, that would be self defense. Not murder.
Also morally speaking??
Then he's a murderer.
Assuming it's not a dead man's switch.
don't forget to drink plenty of water.
Not really, other than the fact that it makes her look really bad. There's not much she could have done.
Sure there was, she could have told Slither that they were putting a bug in her chair (by writing it on a whiteboard or something, as Abby had speakers in her legs).
That wouldn't have helped.
I don't think we have a Faraday cage.
Well, now I can make the Ravel thing much much worse" Are you trying to make me look bad?!
Actually, only Slither is a ghost, as only parahumans have souls (shard backups).
she died with honor and not like a bitch, at least.
Slither. Abby did in fact die like a bitch, actually.
Root for Asbestos and Asworstos to help reduce my headache.
I got the Youth Guard up my ass and now I'm gonna get buttfucked over Slither even though, FRANKLY, this was a better ending than a lot of other possibilities.
he's going to be brutally murdered by rabid apes.
I gotta go toss her in an Asylum.
Any of those works, just pick your preference.
Sure.
Unlikely.
to own you
apoc, empy, then iri, so iri is next, yeah.
1.5 months. checkmate.
you should get that checked out, sounds nasty.
maybe if you'd been better at your job Horn Lord would already be dead.
da fuq
People die a lot in WD man.
0 out of like fifteen if we're counting characters I never played.
One weird trick. Criminal investigators HATE him.
Unless it's the one in the detail generator probably not.
then no.
I've tried to make good gas/liquid form powers but generally they run into the issue that you kind of just have to stand there and let whatever effects the gas/liquid form has tick up.
"Repeatedly attack" is completely indistinguishable from "let effects tick up" in play, because you just write a post that says "I attack X."
So they only do nothing for 3-4 rounds?
@Ell: "Attack which does XYZ" is still "attack" from a player's perspective. It's really narrow in terms of choice/consequence. The most you're going to get is "attack that does Y bonus effect only if X non-trivial condition" (non-stacking poisons, bonuses on fulfilling conditions), and that's not really here.
that sounds really passive
There's a rhythm to a trigger event. It varies a little from trigger to trigger, but it should always hit a nadir at the end. Some will go down up crash (problem, seeming solution, solution backfires), some with be a slow decline (bad thing happens and just gets worse and you can't fix it), etc. Also try to make sure there's a reason why the character can't solve the issue at hand, even if it's just "because you're scared stiff." It can be 
annoying when there's a trigger where it's not really clear why the character doesn't just (leave/call the cops/etc).
It helps give more context on the character's state of mind at trigger point, which is important, and thematically triggers are supposed to be "I am out of solutions" (thus, e.g., Theo having a tough time triggering until he's abandoned by Purity/Crusader).
"As much as is necessary for the specifics of the trigger event."
There are triggers that rely on specifics of race, sex, age, job, sexual history, hobbies, personality, political views, nationality, etc, but not all of them do.
Most people do that, yeah.
I prefer the pink one as it stands, but I think the green color scheme could really rock a circuit board pattern on the bodysuit.." Try this on for size: Pink circuit boards.
"The really bad news is that she killed a twelve year old."" That's the good news actually.
she's going to appropriate a giant bug part in her brain if you don't watch yourself.
Whoa, I'm just warning her, Evie's a psycho.
I did in fact.

Ruined? Or improved?
Imagine Christmas at the Nickelson house with Evie there.
Wow, I wasn't even thinking about that, get your mind out of the gutter Saff.
I was thinking about how I caught my husband texting his side bitch.
Really crazy risky to text your side bitch while your wife is draped all over you.
Frankly he deserves what he's getting.
Hey, I tried, man.
disguise myself as his best friend and call him to brag about fucking his wife.
gj\
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 369)
If the PRT fired all its parahumans with mental issues these walls would be manned by ghosts. (at line 409)
Dongs
King Dong.
Fragnarok.
Warning: will be immediately made fun of by being called Fagnarok.
Bosu Hato actually.
I thought ronin-8 was foss's?
ColdGold, in Evie's San Raul session (#28), you left a typo correction ("They're somehow*") rather than incorporating it into the text.
np
Forms a minion out of light, creates an area of total darkness as all light gets sucked into the nascent minion.
Yeah. Like Dol says, there's not a lot of conflict inherent in the path" Alright, everybody, I've got it: play a rogue with Ruin.
union buster rogue
maybe a rogue who used to be a hero or a villain. more hooks for the GM to use.
probably because it's like 4 am whenever in the USA's hat he is
you're rolling Indie tomorrow, right Anti?
Ah.
Guess I got months mixed up.
Depends on the power.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 369)
Are they supposed to be injured.
it seems weird to have your buddy just... die? explode? get buried in rubble? and suffer no injury yourself, when you're carrying a stretcher
in Session #30 it looks like the autologger misinterpreted a url as italicization: 
#Cogo
One of the twins is hilariously evil. What has Lily done wrong?
think tubs is talking about teller. though faust is probably afk.
That was Lily.
Err, Evie.
I was unconscious by that point.
EVIE pretends to be an offshoot and tries to start a riot. LILY attempts to cheat on her husband with his best friend.
It's Gallant because he deserves everything that's about to happen to him.
It had a 5% chance of killing you, not worth it.
Being an offshoot isn't fatal, unlike cancer.
maybe if Offshoots stopped going on killing sprees in the mall, this wouldn't happen.
List of what?
where was the list of vials that saff got again
rip
I think the "canon" system has mutation risk optional.
Cauldron rules are kind of a mess because they don't get used too much and the new vials have only had a couple "proper" gens using them.
Which now gives me the idea of running a campaign where all the players are Cauldron capes stuck into a chaotic city to try to shore up local organizations.
Eugene isn't "proper" gen because everybody was hard set to Case 53s and there weren't the 1-5 rating thing.
afaik
I don't think half.
I almost feel like, if it's going to be random anyway, whether you're a C53 or not should be determined before you submit a concept, since otherwise it's like "give me a character concept, oops you rolled bad now throw that in the trash" but idk how you'd do that.
Not... really?
The way it works in Cauldron is probably closest to rerolling luck on a legacy'd character, which is also pretty nnyeah.
You could include mutation odds, but sub-C53 mutations.
like Canary, or the ones I could've gotten as Lumen.
No, Foss, like Canary, who has feathered yellow hair and brittle bones, but is not a Case 53 despite being Cauldron.
I think natural trigger mutants are just Eden capes from shards she sent out before dying?
I remember when 'bow first put Monstrous in the luck table he mentioned that there were natural trigger Eden capes.
I think Scion did mental fuckery and Eden did physical fuckery, to contrast with Warrior/Thinker.
he said 4
he called you a communist.
use it to make a power, even if it's an half assed suggestion, they can be devellopped further if people like it" Can they?
That what usually happen in new gen?" Is it?
In my experience YES" In my experience what happens is that the half assed suggestions don't go anywhere at all.
Well that's a pretty big "if".
Antioch, we were scheduled for today, right?
Alright.
I miss the gen method where we just talked in chat.
I'd say labor consuming more than time consuming, since there's like an 80+% chance that your power won't get picked.
And in my unscientific experience, it is substantially less likely for a power to be picked if you paint it in broad strokes rather than basically writing up a finished power.
I mean, that IS new gen.
farewell.
Yes.
You think there's no eight hour gens with new gen?
The issue, to me, is that "submit ideas via PMs" means "80+% chance your submission is not getting picked, AND you have to spend full effort on it or else it is even less likely to get picked."
Hey Pink.
wow look at all these great rolls, my dice luck so good.
I've rolled 6 1s and only 5 6s, so no.
Yeah, he needs to echoe them, not echo them.

iirc the mutation list is now 2d8 or something instead of 1d12
"The cape's head disappears from the head up" poetry
it looks better than it is
it still looks better than it is.
It does do something, but it's not huge. 1-3s generally miss anyway.
jesus fucking christ
two 1s on a Dodge, when the opponent rolled a three, I have a +1, and I have the "win ties on dodge" perk!!
literally a 1/36 chance of failing to dodge.
also #WDCleveland
Just read only Nachzehrer's sessions, since she's the only character who really matters.
That's true of lots of people here though Vern.
you're thinking of Schuyler.
AA is in Sicol Bend.
Was.
!search a bl
!quote 516
badass if true
uh oh spaghettio.
Nach always wins because she's played by me.
PCs or NPCs?
You can give a little veto or commentary if it's really important ("I really don't like this trigger," "but then that power just would do X instead of anything interesting"). "Don't talk during your gen" is more like a soft rule than a hard one.
Enemies that keep going long after they're functionally beat are cool.
No, they just put it on the television to attempt to mind control people with their Illuminati rays.
not my tires! they're the advantage that let me get away with murdering Coldhand!
Wherever Nachzehrer is, is necessarily and by definition a bad part of town.
Laugh at your hilarious jokes, naturally.
She gets the fuck out of the part of town with all the fucking retarded and annoying Tinkers who need to be fed into a wood chipper feet first while still alive. - Lol
Specifically: "Standing after being knocked down is an automatic part of next action."
Wow. So I'm everyone else. I see how it is.
*begins painstakingly counting out every roll to prove they're perfectly normal*
Quick question For Charm 3 pip, do you get a +1 to your chosen skill and a speciality or just one or the other?" It doesn't say "or" so you get both.
In Charm itself, I think.
No, Abigail is the one who dropped the bomb.
She seems to have made a lot of bad decisions on where to install them so I'm not really sure about that.
what with both nate's and claire's demise(s)" The theme of getting blown up by Abby. It happened to Nate, Claire, hell, even Abby.
Apart from the 'Try hard and' parts that is." Hell, even the 'fail' part, she successfully murdered Oz and fucked everything up for everybody else.
She doesn't seem to have been very committed to that goal tbqh.
There is absolutely no sense in which the PRT "caused" this mess.
The PRT doesn't plan to kill people.
Abigail is responsible for these deaths, not us.
Ashcloud Akira was a murderer.
She had literally just got done murdering Oz when Playpen took her out.
Oh, so now killing villains isbad.
poor abigail rinaldi, will nobody think of the serial murderer's poor feelings about getting killed by one of her victims?
what, that they were working for Nathaniel Schuyler, who they then murdered?
let's check up on the private lives of all the capes in the city, it's not like they have secret identities or anything.
We, also, DID in fact check up on them, and wefound extremely distressing living situation and then Abigail murdered Schuyler.
Again, we did actually check up on them, that was just a motivating factor in Abigail going on a murder spree.
What exactly do you think would have happened if we had checked in on them earlier?
Why didn't you call CPS if you thought that Abigail was in such an awful living situation? You were better positioned than the PRT to know.
So we're supposed to psychically know what's going wrong, while everyone actually there who could inform us refuses to because it's more convenient to them. And this is my fault somehow. OK.
"in the style of SNL skit" so in an extremely unfunny and boring way?
Nah. They tend to give conditional powers, but there are conditions besides escalation.
like Slither's power with its conditional intangibility would probably work great as a drug-caused power.
turns into a snek and gets stepped on
Stacking speed/intang/camo bonus as she stays in one spot. Moving ends.
+claws can ignore armor at higher intang, do internal damage.
here's the writeup summary for Slither from the gen: "Snakeman Breaker shape. Camouflage, intangibility, enhanced attack speed, and enhanced dodge all take effect while cape remains in place. Effect fades quickly once they start moving. Attacks in Breaker state deal internal damage as parahuman passes through targets rather than dealing damage normally."
[Lamia] Breaker shape.
oh, is this the plastic replacement bits Tinker.
the king is Nach and I'm safe.
it's a pun khandead, because Thanatos is the Greek god of death.
well, personification of death.
right, and it is a pun, on that trope.
""Do you want to sleep together?" She either has no clue what the implications of what she just said are, or you need to talk to her about boundaries." Aren't they married?
lol
Force field pool partly or entirely depleted on takeoff or landing, would be my guess.
Or gets smaller in flight.
. o O ( It's just Slipstream. )
Slipstream: "Alexandria package: personal force field provides enhanced strength and ablative armor, and powers flight. On takeoff, force field ripples outward suddenly and severely, damaging enemies and removing armor effect, and continuously ripples at a lesser effect as long as they remain in flight. Ablative armor regenerates fully given a minute of calm, during which the parahuman is not hit and not using their flight power."
Anti posted that he liked it twice in a row on accident, then I think joke posted "I want to fuck Slipstream" or somesuch.
sorry, three times in a row.
Aight.
here it is: 
IRL if you throttle someone properly then they pass out in a few seconds because you cut off blood flow to their brain.
I don't really want to legacy any characters I actually played (except kinda Zulfiqar, but she's not exactly "played" even though she appeared in Flint). They had their time in the sun, and now that their off screen, with any luck their lives become a lot less interesting.
Uh, yeah, Nachzehrer's totally helping you guys when her power is "about as strong as a buff dude" and "a bit that relies on being hit but not dying."
You gotta know when to hold 'em, when to fold 'em, and when to cower in fear at the wrath of the almighty Zion.
what vials did you pick
You gotta know when to hold 'em, when to fold 'em, and when to cower in fear at the wrath of the almighty Zion.
Hm?
"But forgive me for being slightly fucking bitter about the fact that she apparently decided to take a goddam kid down with her in her death spiral." Durrrrrrrr.
Yes, she did.
She murdered a bunch of people, and then attempted to enslave Slither, who rightly killed, in justifiable self-defense, the would be slaver.
Yes.
It is very sad.
Especially because it makes me look bad.
She did numerous things wrong, most obviously that she fucked with the PRT.
Yes, the best way to help Slither? Threaten to murder her if she stays at PRT headquarters so they can remove the bombs you put in her.
Clearly not.
Indeed, just the opposite. If Abby hadn't put a bomb in Slither, she would still be alive today.
Maybes and might'ves. She definitely is dead because she put a bomb in Slither.
and refused to remove it
Boo hoo.
That would also have ended poorly, just in a different way.
Life doesn't grade on a scale and pretending like it does only encourages bad behavior.
I don't have a perfect poll or anything but I'm pretty sure most GMs ignore the (Dex/2) attacks per round thing.
And, technically, the weapon rules come up every single combat in the game that's not engaged in entirely via power.
it determines accuracy.
The main issue with the Dex/2 thing is it makes it very hard to make powers that have a higher offensive oomph than any random crap you could pick up, without combat turning into rocket tag.
You have, at base, 3 Wounds. With Dex/2, it's trivial to do two attacks per round. If you deal more Wounds than that any attack has a good chance to instantly knock you out of the fight (even without instagibs like headshot).
Exactly.
rip
"Capability" is relative, dealing 2 Wounds per round can be defined as "modestly skilled baseline" or it can be defined as "exceptional power, skill, or equipment."
Right. And lots of people ignore the Dex/2 rule.
the path to getting murdered by Abby you mean?
seems like that's what happens to a lot of heroes in Sicol Bend.
getting murdered by Abby I mean.
And she murdered herself.
It would be pretty amazing for me to murder Hornlord and Dark Reprise for kidnapping a squad leader.
"Well, then I hope they've got somebody to catch her before she does her best pancake impression." Your concern is appreciated.
How are we possibly the real bad guys here.
"So what do you think are the odds that this all backfires horrifically?  Because that feel pretty consistent with how everything else has gone so far lately." 1-0
Yeah, the root of all evil is apparently Horn Lord, since he egged Abby on to murder Schuyler and Slither and now apparently is egging Dark Reprise to get the entirety of Whirlwind Birdcaged.
Market these nuts.
The latter.
I'm having a talk with her.
No, I'm trying reason one more time.
punishing her hasn't work so far
IF only he had.
Let's just get a time machine and start murdering all the characters in Sicol Bend before they can make things worse.
N-no...
good luck when you do get into Sicol Bend.
try being an independent hero, fail, and then join the PRT, is my recommendation.
number of PRT heroes who have died in my tenure as Director: 0.
Ask the GM if you can play a Case 53.
No, it's just that the Cauldron rules are kind of in flux but you can probably swing convincing the GM to let you be a Case 53.
RAW you would have to get Cauldron, give a good enough background to get deviation chance, then pick high mutation vial.
You can probably go Cauldron with just "can I be Cauldron instead of a natural trigger."
He better not have had any blackmail on me.
where's the wd local, it says Wednesday at 8:30 AKST, which was 20 minutes and thirty-six seconds ago.
ach. now it doesn't say that. damn.
Got a Sonderman session later today.
it probably shows somewhere weird on your client
Topic for #Weaverdice is: Welcome to #Weaverdice | Type /rules for server rules | Read First:  | Projects:  | Community Survey:  | Don't bother 'bow [Writing days M/W/F] | #Weaverdice is for Weaver Dice and RP. Please move off-topic conversations after 5 minutes.
gah
_c 9600*2
well it's part of the core rulebook?
"More concrete examples for good stat bonuses/penalties or what kind of stats would be required for a given task (ie. X Brawn for lifting a car)." Did a rough sketch: 
yeah well. i actually calculated those numbers earlier for some reason that I forget.
Wouldn't you generally just rip off their limbs if you tried to rip them in half?
I guess maybe if you grabbed from the shoulders.
You can twist stuff to use it as bindings on non-Brute people, I guess.
A cool breeze is the true enemy of you Guts dump statters.
They'd probably break rather than the wall breaking.
It's cool to pancake people on walls.
RIP.
The same way anyone else retires?
I just looked up Sonderman's character sheet: "ACHIEVEMENTS: This space to be filled later." Chilling.
They can already murder the PRT Director while he's at home afaik
No need to wait for retirement.
why would that possibly happen
Mendez loves Wink and wants to kiss him on the lips.
Wink's an adult, he can be with an older woman if he wants.
they hate sleeping
That's more Nach's speed.
I would have told her but Abby had audio pickup in her legs.
It's actually like two days after Slither died so it could be slightly better.
No, I meant, it could be better in that it could be the morning after Slither dies.
It was a mike + tracker.
In Schuyler's defence, at the time of his death, this would've been very helpful." Would it have?
"They say something you don't understand in Chinese."
I mean, maybe. But that'd be like, Spanish or French. You'd have to actually have studied the language to catch anything, especially given how fast native speakers talk.
and what you do catch is mostly going to be "he" "no/not" "is" and other connective tissue words, rather than stuff like "fire powers" or "angry."
"bad person bad people"
They should not, Faust, as quick time events are horrible.
Roll behind the screen menacingly and say, "hmm, looks like your shard just got some negative rep. Interesting."
You have to win a ~20% chance of getting to even bid at all, and there are six powers to buy for six players.
So going for unpowered doesn't really raise your odds.
if I wanted to live a bland life free of worry and strife I would go outside.
Pain is a powerful motivator for proactive action.
I don't have to admit that at all.
Humans love over the top brutality and violence and it is only the trappings of modernity and civilization that keep us from recognizing this.
rip
snek dead
got stepped on
i feel like his power is to on touch teleport people away to some alternate dimension" Ghetto G-Sus insta respawned, though.
Humans love over the top brutality and violence and it is only the trappings of modernity and civilization that keep us from recognizing this. <- Yeah but I'm liking this session where my character is crying more than the one I ripped someone in half
hexchat
Get hexchat, turn on autologging.
or irccloud I guess
isn't discord a horrible memory hog
Well that's your fault for not using a client. Obviously a Chrome tab will be a horrible memory hog.
Reading the rules they use in the Discord definitely made me prefer the IRC.
And now we're having it again. Scared?
read San Raul
Ah! Cleveland!
No, in Anti's toilet. He's been constipated all week.
B-baka! I just did it because I'm in it, not because I like you or anything!
I can say that about any game, including ones I didn't get into.
So it seems your earlier statement was wrong. Care to retract it?
Come meet Nach and I will.
He's not on my IC lists of Whirlwind members.
He's going to prison.
He doesn't have any explosive devices implanted in him by Abigail Rinaldi, nor has he personally pissed off Playpen, so I doubt it.
He's your replacement. We're giving him all your characters. Goodbye, Saff.
third person, descriptive, and no ooc chat in channel?
well, i meant chat, as in chatter. rather than ((Brawl, please.)) or ((Redact that.))
Oh shit, does Cassette think Helen got eaten by Deep Six?
that they were kidnapped to Earth Shin, obviously.
You just type $trigger and it spits out one of those.
Captain Underpants. Done.
Dullahan.
How would I "read" an "anime"? You uncultured swine. Anime is animated.
Oh, Penanggalan works for a Malaysian one, or Manananggal for a Filipino.
depending on where in Asia
lol the Sonderman quote on 45.
Sicol Bend 45
If you'd gone after them rather than fucking around trying to kill me, you'd probably have gotten them free by now, she does not say, though she does think it very loudly.
After that.
Wow. I can't just propose murder. Also his power probably works as passive defense.
Keep in mind that he doesn't need to breathe and his power probably eats energy attacks.
Like shit?
When his power activates it eats all the light and creates a flash of black.
It's probably a passive defense.
Power-managed.
You're right. I should give him drugs.
I think that's specifically a Playpen interaction.
yeah, rip
it's in gameplay rules somewhere
Brawn, contested by Ath or Brawn. Staggered use lower. Then a list of options in the Gameplay section of the rulebook on what to do.
Thanks for the session and all that.
Sonderman was eaten by a wild bear. It was a pretty shocking twist, not seen since Antigonus's departure from Shakespeare's The Winter's Tale.
@iri
Whew, looks like Wellwick didn't scare him off for good.
He does, actually, Dol. He was cursed by a witch. Very sad.
Actually, he just got done experimenting on his wife and needs to refill on equipment to continue his experiments.
as she was a catatonic mess for the past couple years she wasn't a very good lab assistant. she'll probably be more helpful next time.
Exceptional circumstances call for exceptional solutions.
IIRC, they played it off as her having been a Simurgh victim and Taylor helped take her down.
I don't think Germany is Nazi.
I mean, in WD.
Yeah, Wink can.
Coldhand too.
Longinus, and also Redcap/Lilith were definitely evil.
wasn't in the hyperlink table thing" Neither is Charm.
I... don't think that fit with the Fallen's dogma" The Endbringers were here to destroy man once more, just as God did thousands of years ago with the Flood, but during the final days, God's merciful nature led him to spare His creations once more, turning the Endbringers against the false Christ (Scion).
Never stopped the Fallen  before.
Yes, worthies is a word.
I feel like something vaguely positive is better since you're in shock rather than secretly hating these people all along.
who fucked it up
They're up there, but people feel less neurotically insistent on turning every trigger into a Shaker than on turning them into a Master.
somebody added forty to Stranger or something, I'm checking history
yes, somebody typed $stranger 40 in.
$classes
$stranger -40
Cody is, but Panacea did not.
Is there anything stopping them from gathering charges first?
One out of two, I think, Thal.
It's a d6 and the limbs/head are 1 each.
The half hour wait is fine, it's just that the power isn't really thematic, and also very "point and wait" to the extent that it actually does anything (which isn't much).
:|
One mod from outside, two from inside, takes a (full round?) to crush.
really? 4? you just stand there and shoot repulsion beams.
that's not my point
what does the player do? they say "I shoot repulsion beams at X"
I don't think you're understanding my point.
It has one, maybe two uses. Attack, and move.
I'm at the point where I'm considering just not submitting anything at all regardless of how busy or free I am.
the only thing keeping me participating is that I do want to make sure players get a good power.
Oh, Teller, did you get my $tell?
they were murdered by a pack of wild dogs in a dark tragedy.
Ravel, being a Protectorate cape under my jurisdiction, is still alive.
Slither wasn't a Protectorate cape, tubes.
I fixed it.
No, it won't trigger it.
living the dream
could you
about his imminent death presumably
It's Vern.
I'd punch him six times and KO him.
kinda surprised ravel and pioneer escaped uncensured, given how the prt usually treats people" I remember thinking about telling them "this is why you don't give non-Tinkers Tinkertech, ever, under any circumstances," but maybe I forgot to. Honestly they learned their lesson from Pioneer being permanently (?) blinded.
It's about to get a lot rougher.
DR is gonna go ham and then I'm gonna go ham right back and try to assassinate Deep-Six.
Please God let us win this fight.
rip old Ravel
"Because I'd win." his voice sounds deep and throaty. It's a terrible noise, barely understandable." It's physically impossiblee for you to win, dumbass.
It's good the mind replacement isn't permanent, I was worried for a second there.
I bet she would have.
I just spent the past two hours writing a big long document of notes on every single villain in the city including my thoughts/best guesses based on their PRT files, so I hope that Ravel is not dumb enough to touch DeWitt again.
rip
well now you'll have a document that says THE ONE THING YOU SHOULD NOT DO IS TOUCH HER with bold and underline.
there's an auto-formatter that does that
probably
the Elite are Google and the Fallen are the Westboro Baptist Church. if you want to do something for the Midwest pick an appropriately thematic group/institution and turn them into supervillains like that.
(iirc the Elite are Google anyway, they might be some other Silicon Vampire company.)
They aren't literally Google/WBC, just patterned in part off them; the Elite are the huge corporation that's incredibly powerful and eats small fries easy, Fallen are big religious noise makers who everyone hates.
(and who blame natural disasters on the wrath of an angry God)
'bow said it at some point in chat iirc. unless he said they were some other similar group.
(similar to Google)
they seem less directly tied to a region so maybe not anything at all.
but they're so common they have an entire cliche to them" There are more flying artillery capes in canon than Alexandria packages, pretty sure.
Legend, Purity, Laserdream, Shielder, Lady Photon. Versus Alexandria, Aegis, Glory Girl. Anyway.
Oh, the gen IS over. Okay.
I don't know why you would think that.
>flanderizing Uber and Leet
Flanderizing the most flanderized characters in Worm.
smdh
Shameless.
Easily?
You're not allowed to have a 5 unless your trigger specifically suggests it, and given you don't have any triggers...
Or luck, I suppose.
5s are for, like, the peak of human performance. Olympic-level physique, genius-level intellect, Presidential-level charm, etc. If you're just smart or strong or whatever you have a 4.
Agh. I just wrote up a trigger but realized it's way too Master. Damn.
not masters or shakers
$classes
...why.
Is she an olympic strongman?
Why would Tinkers be any smarter than the general population?
Powergaming is fine, just don't buy 5s.
If anything, Tinkers would be dumber than your average parahuman, since their problems were long term so they had more time to avert them.
Which is that she is an olympic power lifter in between getting sued by Sega for IP violations?
I do that too but I've got, like, Brawn 3 tops.
That's... not how DDR works.
If anything, over-development of muscle reduces the flexibility you need for DDR.
[in the Daggerfall guard voice] Halt. Halt. Halt.
Yes.
were people still playing DDR in 2009 or whenever San Raul takes place.
yeah but what about in 2009.
As well they should have.
Working backwards from a power to a trigger is cool imo and much cooler than making up a reason for your character to have a 5 in Brawn.
My only regret as a PRT Director is not getting to liberally use rocket launchers on unpowered people.
Lethal? Isn't that a bit of underkill, Faust?
I also regret Slither dying, and Pioneer getting blinded, but tbqh those aren't really my fault.
And hey, maybe if we'd used more rocket launchers, those things wouldn't have happened.
Rocket Launchers probably wouldn't have helped with dealing with The 800, though.
They would hurt in that situation, though, as he gets bigger and stronger the more you hit him.
He's a parahuman, Bel.
Square Cube law doesn't apply.
That's the plan, CG.
don't tell The 800 that though.
yeah but you were bugged dude.
like Abby would have heard.
you weren't a snake at that time iirc.
plus Idon't know that.
In retrospect, I should have written "We put a bug on your wheelchair" on a white board and shown it to you but hindsight is 20/20.
he's gonna show up in a body bag soon
if I say "turn into a snake rq bebe," Abby would probably get suspicious.
it's Dynasty now.
when're you coming into SB, iri? Next round?
I was in a rush OK.
wow you scared him off
But Saff... you're still here?
I dunno, is the prion Tinker a serial killer?
Unless the guy is murdering random people all the time or has some kind of exponential growth thing going on he's probably not getting Kill Ordered.
what the christ theme is this
*rips shirt open in a fit of rage* Stop writing Trump and Master triggers! *buttons shirt back up*
I already did, Saff.
I clearly said I was buttoning the shirt back up.
scintillating.
I don't think characters *have* to die..." I mean, everyone dies.
I think there would still be Cauldron leaders post-Echidna. Not everyone was outed." Horizon from Anchorage has such a similar power to mine in Lausanne I'd be surprised if she wasn't a Cauldron cape,and she was team leader in Dept 64.
but is that Lumen or Horizon that you've described
I don't think so.
Thinker 3; Striker 1-12*
Horizon: "Maintains one of three types of enhanced perception at any given point in time. Has an explosive touch linked to perception."
rip to those who died
let's watch Fireback also lose this fight too.
Hm, the ENTIRE Protectorate couldn't beat the 800. Let's see what I, a random dope who looks like a gorilla, can manage.
Hm, the ENTIRE Protectorate couldn't beat the 800. Let's see what I, a random dope who looks like a gorilla, can manage.
brutal. rip fireback.
Woof.
She died, yes.
She's as good as. *said without reading anything*
Gwyn's having a rough time, and it's about to get even rougher.
Coldhand's ghost is.
2+ for Skull Crack p sure
At least I don't have to worry about getting shown up by a random gorilla.
Better that the public doesn't go, "wow, The 800 was beaten by a random gorilla, while the ENTIRE PRT failed to beat him."
Uh huh.
rip fireback
Stop... or start doing it harder?
well at least you're not dead.
if he was gonna just kill her why not just throw her on the ground and stomp.
You didn't murder Maz so she hopes you won't murder her in Indianapolis, a foolish and doubtless fallacious thought.
Be that as it may.
You killed me IRL, Saff, and now I am a figment of your imagination, haunting you forever on #WeaverDice. Also all the people that Cwn Annwn killed or tried to kill for no real reason.
Sure. I got nothing planned for tomorrow yet.
Not his head! He needs that to live!
I see a fight as a problem to be solved, but it's a problem my character wants to solve and they have their tendencies, their abilities, their goals, their personal proscriptions, etc, that layer into it. Lily fights differently from Lumen, not just because of the differences in what they can do (though that's a pretty big part of it), but because she's wildly overconfident and aggressive while Lumen is much more precise and analytical.
More than three meters I'd say.
More like 7-8 meters.
I'm going to make you less thrilled by personally killing your characters in combat.
alright give me a list of some games to murder you in
You just got killed in combat in Cleveland you mook.
Just because you lost is no reason not to call it combat.
You should have used a superior strategy to the ancient "stand there and let him kill you" and maybe you'd still be alive.
Well, there's no way to know whether or not they would have worked now.
Obviously standing there wasn't going to win.
His personal fiefdom getting wrecked is a loss for Think Tank.
I wrote a trigger like this but with less length and everybody cried about it being too hard to come up with anything and deleted it.
wasn't quite the same, but the same rough trigger point
boo hoo
but people arguing and getting butthurt is half the fun" Getting butthurt about it makes people less likely to participate in future gens, as they become less enthusiastic. Source: own research.
Speaking of example gens - and tubes, wow - Slither actually had a nice gen, I was looking it back over, yeah I played a major role in it but you have Hiero and Panda and Teller influencing it and changing stuff rather than it being some autocratic type deal.
Brutal.
well i did do the writeup
such as it was
Rainbow Knight was kind of annoying because I wrote it, and it's like, "there's not enough here," well that's because I'd have to write ten pages of crap and then you'd pick something else, bitch.
I try sometimes to tone it back but it's a... I think power gen winds up working better when there's somebody executive. I think almost all the powers I can think of that are good did wind up being somebody specific doing most of the groundwork and others fine tuning or editing.
Woof. "Real physics apply."
I'm a powergamer, I just don't buy 5s in stats.
because it's against the rules
I should have bought down Brawn and bought up Athletics on Nachzehrer. Then I'd have 5 Ath.
It would have even fit.
But it felt cheap to buy down Brawn when I got a +1 to Brawn so I didn't. My greatest regret.
Let's have Firlz review them to make sure they're clear though.
huh. the stat rules no longer say no 5s
well that can be rule #1: Unless the specifics of your trigger or luck clearly and explicitly suggest a 5, you shouldn't have a 5.
new transition
looks like
it's kind of in the old one?
er, in
the character creation bit tubs wrote
Technically it only says "justification" historically, but I think trigger/luck works better because that's stuff you can't control.
he's got that muscular hypertrophy thing
myostatin stuff yeah
depends because it's a mutation.
there's two. one is a mutation in both genes responsible for myostatin, one is probably a mutation in myostatin reception.
two at least, i guess i should say
no i'm reading wikipedia

you learned that the 5s thing isn't in the new rulebook.
it's WD related since we're brainstorming justifications for an 8 year old to have Brawn 5.
. o O ( There's an idea for a Cauldron character. )
what if we had a prt director who didn't have massive crippling personal inadequacies" what the heck
We caught Gungnir.
Honestly Deep-Six isn't that big a deal
why would you think that
lasers don't work on him lol
I don't think Captain Planet would beat him either.
he could probably kill her, yeah.
it depends on how survivable the pocket dimension is. it's not big so it might just crush her into nothing and keep her crushed forever.
fighting Feral: 
Wink could probably beat him pretty clean.
Drowning him 100% does not work.
That's his narrative role, Teruzi.
Not sure about sound. I doubt Sordina can directly make loud noises inside of a person, given Manton limitations, so he could probably eat the air the sound was propagating through.
He slowed down as he ate the water when he jumped into the ocean iirc.
"Something spears into the water to her left. There he is, momentarily encased in a flash of shadow. He sinks a few feet deeper than she did, before slowing, seemingly unharmed."
How should I know.
PRT files don't include records of every single interaction.
That's only because the PRT is secretly incompetent" It's actually a good idea to not keep too much data on your parahumans, since with Thinkers and Strangers and Tinkers and all that, your documents are going to be pretty leaky.
I don't think he has that much raw power, Tuzi.
Good thing the PRT has a lot of spare Endbringers lying around to throw at people.
right but I doubt he's got the distance to throw somebody into space, and Deep-Six is probably fall resistant.
I've got a beat for your session.
September in NY as I recall.
No that's me rolling over and baring my neck.
Queen of Erectile Dysfunction" Isn't that just Amphetamine Queen.
I don't think called shot rules have been updated, though idr for sure.
Used to be +1 no targeting, +0 bodypart, -1 wound type.
iirc
Dual wielding Striker touches (and dual wielding in general) feels like one of those questions that's just born out of fictional assumptions.
The thing with it is you're just focused on trying to touch whatever you're trying to touch. One hand or the other doesn't make much difference, it's as easy to swing it back around as it is to swap to the other hand.
Swinging a sword is a movement made not just with the sword or wrist, but with the entire body - the legs, arms, back, etc. You can't do it twice as often by having two swords.
It seems fairly straightforward as far as triggers go. Not a lot on state of mind but that's not that huge of a deal.
Iunno about Brute.
err, Stranger
because yeah he's getting stabbed and I guess that's unwanted attention, but also by that logic any Blaster is going to be a Stranger.
I could see it as a Muscle-y Brute with big nasty claws.
!delquote 600
it's not that funny in or out of context.
That is completely unfair, Coldhand's death was an execution for his numerous crimes, including but not limited to fighting back when she tried to kill him.
Whoops wrong channel.
Ehn. On the one hand fingerless and tongueless kind of work to push them towards aggression, on the other hand playing fingerless and tongueless is a bit of a chore.
I'm thinking, mouth and hands bear some similarity to the Changer state, because of how regeneration was handled, but function (if oddly). Then they enter a big nasty Changer state which has [theme powers].
I really didn't feel like the power was done at all. :/
Themes to draw on for Changer state? Reptilian got tossed around some. Crocodile? Snake? Maybe more feral/alien? Dinosaur?
Changer state should have a little more of a twist to it really.
Something to do beyond slash or bite.
Maybe something more like wet cement vomit. Doesn't tie into the trigger super well though.
he can't hear you
Not particularly.
Depending on the regen, I guess.
LP73/LF37. nice symmetry.
Anti has the right to play awful PCs and I support him as it makes me look better by comparison.
well he did if you think about it
I just realized that you can make a character with a two-word name suddenly read a million times lamer with one simple trick. Watch: Deep_Six, High_Spec, Miss_Militia.
Deep Six? Dangerous, deadly. Deep_Six? Some doofus you beat on Counterstrike servers.
Loup_Garou
Which one? Ga ha ha.
Nazi guy?
You would be the effort on garbage waifus.
*expert
It's not, she's also got improved melee abilities.
MA stuff
How come it's always Nazis. Where's our modern day Symbionese Liberation Army types.
They're gonna be a lot messier after I'm done with them.
Actually I just haven't got a chance to replace it and have had to make do with banging out the dents.
>checking PMs
ishygddt
Oh boy.
What if it's just inoffensive racism, like asking if you're related to [another Chinese person].
It's a hard life being Fettered.
Any time he sees a woman and a man being happy together he has no choice but to go ham.
Then definitely?
To be fair, you should get made fun of for that.
Like a Turk joining a neo-Nazi group in Germany. What did you expect, really.
Alemannia delenda est.
*2
Nailed it.
I mean, I assume that if Lumen had gotten violet eyes from her power, she wouldn't have been Case 53'd.
You can't be canonized for a while after death, you can beatified right away, iirc.
angels wouldn't dress up.
they'd just appear as spinning eyeballs
He got rid of the Devil's Advocate thing.
I think there's definitely something to be said for backtracing powers into trigger events, when you're doing NPCs.
They shoot you with bullets.
Light Brute package, adaptive Trump, being smol.
I rolled the least likely result on my to-hit and this is what you say.
for 71? I thought low was mutant?
I mean, Lumen was high for Not Mutation.
Easier to calculate too, since 25% = 25-
Low bad high good, mutations bad so they low, that's my view and I'm sticking to it.
it should be declared before the roll either way.
these rolls are killing me
I've kind of done a lot of backtracing, really, since much of the pregen capes have their triggers written that way.
it's in the rulebook
6 on skin?
Woof.
Well, that's what you get for dumping Guts, really.
You did this to yourself.
4.5 rounds
and not the leg, all stats.
-9 spread across Ath, Dex, and Brawn, so probably 0'd out somewhere.
Nach is very considerate of her partners in crime and goes to great lengths to protect them when they're injured, just ask Full Throttle.
I think ears are moderately mutated.
Ups a step if you roll the same thing twice, rather than rerolling, I think.
So Skin - Severe; Ear - Moderate; Hand - Negligible; Arm - Moderate (and therefore also Negligible on Extra Limb)
Woof.
Oh, whew.
Rolled two sixes on an attack and the guy rolled a 7 on Withstand.
It's necessary.
Extremely necessary.
Does it.
Oh, yeah, what were you wanting to talk about, re: backtracing triggers, Anti?
subcategories (if there's a sheet, or for Masters using this :  ). A bit loose with subcategories. If there's not a sheet or anything, I just sort of mix together elements, looking to why this or that one might emerge in particular. Elements tying into themes, mechanics tying into the circumstances, etc.
I use the categories as scaffolding, then look for what kinds of things would fit the power in particular, within those categories. Something that evokes elements of the power.
Oh, plus, sometimes I'll do research on something that seems semi-appropriate and then it'll link into the trigger/power.
e.g. I did Blitzen, which is an aggressive electricity desolidifying Breaker, and went "Breaker, something mental and physical, mental illness, physical treatment. ECT is interesting as a possibility, what symptoms does that have and what do they use that for, oo, confusion and bipolar. Aggression + electricity = excessive energy, bipolar fits, and the physically induced confusion ties into the Breakery-ness of the trigger."
Most of the time when I backtrace though I'm working purely from a power (since I tend to do it for Pregens), whereas you probably have at least some idea of who the person is.
what was the terrible power that somebody made
@Pink
Huh, I definitely would've figured that Red's trigger gave her hemaphobia.
*haphephobia
Haphephobia definitely seems like the kind of thing you can get from a trigger-causing event.
For most phobias, maybe, but haphephobia in particular feels so very... consequential. Though I suppose her being a Breaker rather than a Striker should've been a tipoff on that front.
o7
wow. what am i.
actually my computer came unplugged so i wasn't here for about five hours.
horrible
Seems like we were both smart enough to do it, and succeed, while you, are a lily-livered coward.
We broke all his shit which is just as good.
We're alive too.
He doesn't seem that good at adaptation given that his brilliant ideas after Nach's fight were, "uhh, add some melee weapons, and stick some armor on it too."
could it have
then i'll just break whatever that is. problem?
Undine is a mythological referent.
lol
i have terminal brain poisoning from modern society and I need to know what Harry Potter house everybody's character is from before I can properly judge them.
Nach is obviously Gryffindor.
No... no... *stares at own hands in horror*
Hufflepuff are all the really boring characters that feel like having your teeth pulled to GM.
you can't throw away the letter, they'll send a half-giant to recruit you
he stumped you out of that greeting.
If you run things and then hate it then you can just do like I do and stop doing it.
Hearing that they were doing like a billion players made me more sympathetic to their change in the rules, but also the end result was basically more like World of Darkness than Weaver Dice.
a scenario and some players
Hm. What's left to say, really? I was thinking of the triggers I'd thought about for San Josafat/McAllen and they're more influenced by the character (versus pregens which are all power). e.g. Kasureru triggered during the Leviathan attack on Kyushu because that's such a huge part of where he's coming from and his situation, then it's just picking some particular stimulus (pinned under wrecked car) that fits the power at least somewhat.
What?
Uhh. Do you remember the trigger or anything?
I'm not seeing you rolling Salutaris. Was it in #WeaverDice or #GameDesign
would it have been before or after sept 25, 2016
yeah i don't see you getting Salutaris, OR rolling 1d4 with cashy
would you have posted vial or anything in chat
what's the character's name?
Caidy?
yeah I don't see it at all, anywhere, by any search
even $life perk isn't finding anything
Master
you mean self-replicates, right?
then yeah, Master
Why wouldn't he.
There probably aren't a lot of globalist shills in Worm because Leviathan keeps destroying ports so national economies are probably stronger and more self-sufficient.
right but they wouldn't be powerful, in Worm's setting, because the macro-economics are going to be different.
100 tabs open ain't that much though." for a clown to have open.
To troll you.
It's inspiration for a hypothetical WD character.
it's kidding on the square
the obviously more Earth-Bet version of Info Wars-type stuff would be that the Endbringers are a [Majestic-12/Illuminati/globalist/technocrat/etc] project to make it so that Americans accept martial law and let themselves be herded into FEMA camps where they're forcibly injected with AIDS.
Oh, shit, Cauldron.
Cauldron would be a good angle to take.
Since it's a loony conspiracy theory pre-Echidna.
crisis actors
that's the WBC's whole thing though, they make people hate them so that they can sue them when they get punched.
Saying "MJ12/the Illuminati/Cauldron created the Endbringers so that they could overthrow the United States government by forcing us to accept martial law" doesn't seem that awful. I mean nobody knows who did create the Endbringers.
I'm from the heart of America and most important state, Texas.
No, I hate California.
that makes sense as Texans are well-known to be more intelligent than other states, so naturally they'd all come here.
>going to main
A person who used to be in #weaverdice, was somewhat annoying, and then disappeared.
Terre Haute?
Anti ran it a couple times as a way to give newbies a chance, using the pregen powers I made.
((Haha, I totally forgot Detroit is full of black people.))
yes
who was the other one
what was the trigger?
The grown-ups and Nick are doing their own thing." Without context this looks like a brutal burn on Nick.
wow you all scared him off
$lesser bash
Miyamoto Musashi
rip p
it was schuyler or slither all over again
There will never be another game ever again. Very sad.
Hm, do you still want me to keep the pregen doc private, Anti? It's been a long time since anything happened with Terre Haute.

Yeah, go for it.
Roll a d50 or something. I don't remember how many there are at the moment.
35 is Red Ice.
which is a good one.
Don't see why not do it here.
Not like any games are going.
46 is Telefrag.
Kruos or Telefrag?
Because this is the first time it's been posted in main chat I think.
1 bodysuit + however many slots it has of teleporters + one gun, plus, idk, 1 trinket, seems like it would work fine.
might should have them roll luck
Three crummy unpowered would be nice, even.
Having separatable skills is probably way more useful than the civ thing.
Because you're a damned fool.
Potato, potahto.
$madlibs goblin villain
$madlibs goblin
$madlibs goblins
What's Bel's name that works with Bombshell?
you would 100% just get called Gay.
there is absolutely nothing else that could possibly happen from taking that name
Fat Man and Little Girl.
Fat Woman and Little Boy isn't much better.
hey anti is undine in cleveland named after the undertale character.
:^)
Everybody jumping to it being a Bioshock reference reminds me of that video of somebody going "Skyrim references lol!!" at Booker DeWitt (the protagonist) being a veteran of the Battle of Wounded Knee, so, to me, it's extremely funny.
Prequel memes are top notch, and Bet would have its own set since their prequels were different.
is joining the PRT really a game over. that's badass if so.
As a Protectorate hero, you kind of either have to forcibly claim initiative, or be given it. So you can ~probably~ get by with giving a player a role as the leader of the Protectorate or something, but that's basically one slot for a PC.
I think that was on reddit, actually?
Maybe he expanded it on Reddit.
I can only justify that as a legacied Protectorate cape from a handful of years past." Why not?
So put "had a lot of experience" under bio.
 <- was what I was thinking of, re: patrols, reddit
Well, definitely, you'd want somebody who can play that kind of character, but I don't see that as having a 1:1 correlation with people who have old Protectorate capes.
I dunno. It's not like an NPC protectorate leader has pages of backstory either.
she has a sordid past?
Yeah, unless it's a situation like Anchorage or a borderline HOSV or something where you're an outsider being moved in.
Hm. I dunno. A lot of the "important" events are going to be campaign background in any case, I feel like? If you did grow up in the same place the campaign takes place. So there was Y two months ago, X a year ago, Z a year and a half ago, etc, that's going to be just, "what did you do here, and here, and here." I mean even with a legacy'd PRT cape, if you took, idk, Firlz's character from San Josafat and gave him leadership in Indianopolis, 
you're going to be skipping several years anyway.
No, Stranger Sprayer
Hm. I can sort of see that, but there's the issue of early Protectorate characters being like pulling teeth to run, and late Protectorate characters requiring those early ones.
I can see all that, but, like... to go back to what sparked this, I'm not sure how much having played the character as an early Protectorate cape would help. I mean, you're talking about years of growth, campaigns last a month or two in game time. So you're stretching over years either way.
wow are you calling faust a tyt.
Chalky.
Which pregens, out of curiosity?
The vials are human flesh that's powdered down with other stuff to hide the taste.
Nachzehrer isn't that scary of a cape.
Ehn.
Will cherry pick a few." Went through recently thinking about best, high points for me would probably be: Brushfire, Catapult, Entrench, Frostbite, Furies, Glitterbeast, Husk, Kinesthetic, Kruos, Maelstrom, Marionette, Minefield, Pirouette, Ranger, Red Ice, Slipstream, Telefrag, Turtlebug, Wrecking Ball and Zone.
From the pregen doc.

A lot of them were generated specifically for the doc.
I just did it to practice, mostly. Anti's used them.
Cool.
what the. scrags is alive?
She could be a bud still, I suspect.
Could be her father's shard budded before he triggered (we know they can bud basically immediately, from Brandish/Lady Photon and how 1.5 triggers work, so why not slightly early?), or he just triggered earlier and lied about it, pwning you for believing him.
it probably depends on the juvie
I feel like I've seen Zinc before.
I can miss your high five if you want, Saff.
She did.
Very sad.
You'll have to watch because you hope he'll die so you can get in.
how can she cry when she's dead saff
just make an immortality brute who explodes their boneitis body and gets a new no boneitis body
they're immortal and can't die.
boneitis triggers are fine as long as you don't go "hurr hurr let's make it so they still have boneitis" during powergen
a meme term for "horrible disability that makes playing the character unable to do basic tasks"
'bow basically made a power for that trigger that was cool.
I'm sure you can /write/ one.
But play one?
Oh, no, it was locked in pillow syndrome that he did the power for. Damn.

was what iwas thinking of
nice, dashy doesn't post titles when there's bow's name in them
iirc you can have swelling in an area on/next to the spine which means you temporarily become paralyzed but once the swelling calms down you get movement back.
Is it?
>reading logs
Oh, Anti, what timee would be good for wrapping up Nach/Dodger's session?
An immortal Brute would make a good slasher villain. Not much in the way of powers other than being impossible to put down, but really, that's all you need.
Oh, ColdGold, what times are you free to pick up Cleveland? Anti says if a time's good for you and me he can probably make it work.
Also all weej, but that's not relevant.
Hm. Tomorrow works for me.
rip whoever died so saff could get into San Raul
 How bout Wednesday for y'all, Non/Cog? I'm getting into town kinda late tonight so I'll probably be pretty wiped out tomorrow." Works for me.
check
does that look right
if it wasn't check in italics it would've been % Icheck
it's one of those skills that could arguably go either way
Remind me what Hnaa and Ahan do?
their poweer
Ah.
here's a fine ass trigger event: 
SOCIAL EXPERIMENT: Locking someone in a cage and setting them on fire.
You realize you got married because you didn't know how to break up with your SO, trigger.
An otter's will is to eat fish.
An otter's will is to eat fish." Me too.
that seems needlessly confusing
$tell Ellardy 'bow added a new type of Breaker to the document.
The command only works in PMs, Vern.
Hm. If this is just one type, I'm curious what alternate types of Breakers would work like.
Not very common, though.
So, rereading it to understand, Death is a "vanilla" Breaker state? Basically normal powers but a little more oomph and a little bit of a niggle? Little/none of the really exotic stuff like restricted movement or alternate wounds, etc?
I've already put in my time at the trigger sweatshop, union regulations say I get to retire with a nice trigger pension.
Eh. Thrive or die isn't uncommon. It's not like shards are under an obligation to save any victims of the S9.
more likely is it probably could help you but the guy was stupid
Not unless they trigger at the same time.
wouldn't happen to a PC because if you just rolled a trigger that ends in loludied people wouldn't play weaverdice" It's happened that PCs triggered then promptly died. RIP Mystery Blaster.
You get a lot fewer of those, because there's only a handful crit success/failures in the system.
Has a version of this trigger come around before? "You're closeted because of terrible family, come out after moving out for college. First relationship goes horribly awry, with a breakup in the cards, your SO threatens to send family large quantity of damning photos, post all over social media, etc."" Used 265.
Yeah, there's a test, you've got to be capable of writing in English.
Yeah, I'm glad back when I briefly tried to run games there weren't as many GMs, made it a lot easier than what the noobies go through nowadays.
It's like a couple seconds? And not that well known?
oh wait are you not talking about the skinwalker trigger
#Other?
Hm. #Gamedesign?
Zodiac
Uh, when a Brute whose power is super strength in her legs, kicks you in the nuts, it's not absurd that you would be in for an insanely bad time.
who?
isn't that thal's power in faustus's game
Karkadann would make a really good cape name, with the right power.
google what?
Don't mind if I do.
Every day?
People just refuse to read it" If it makes you feel better, I don't read anything.
There is no try, there is only do, and do not.
Death before the Wards.
the only circumstance under which it's acceptable to join the Wards is if you're going to pretend to be Shadow Stalker.
or Feint.
Me, out loud: Bitch I'd rather die than get paid minimum wage.
I'd rather die than make minimum wage and have $50k in a trust fund I can't access.
What? No you don't.
because 99% of them decide to go punch each other in the face
"Wards are to attend school during typical hours and maintain satisfactory grades.  Failure to do will see the Ward’s pay docked (see below) and the department in question fined or otherwise penalized.  Wards must be allowed to receive a full night’s sleep with regularity.  At the department’s discretion, the Ward can be removed from school or woken from a night’s rest (preferably with notice, to minimize disruption of day
 to day life), but Department heads are urged to use this in moderation, as outside parties may intervene, take notice or object."
You don't even get off of school!!!
yeah but what do you like to play
I have that question there for newbies, really. Most of the oldies that apply to my stuff just write "lol u seen my shit"." What the. I could have written that all along?
We're on for tonight, right?
kk
Mk.
You should hunt down the evil offshoot responsible for the attacks at the mall with a totalitarian campaign of random arrests.
Maybe you should git gud.
I'm only playing on #motorcity so that should be your priority. Just sayin'." This but #WDCleveland
you should also set on autologging on whatever client you use, so you can find stuff later.
jesus. rip to my main Dodger.
*man
It's not like she was "the only way to solve this is for you to use her powers," it's "it would be easier to solve this with your powers, maybe? I don't know how they work."
what're they doing
Here's hoping Anti didn't pull the fake Tinker in a Tinker suit trick again.
yeah, but there's no need to make shit too complicated" *glances at Craft*
I almost feel like Craft should just be some kind of recipe list or similar structure defining what you can make, without rolls except for rush jobs.
On the topic of drawing, what's the session where tubes's PC got /drawn/ and quartered?
I didn't scroll down all the way. :(
Would.
Whew. Just finished cannibalizing Rainbow Knight to fix up Rose. Cripes it's a lot longer now. 
does anyone remember what power used 429 got?
It's noted as "Huntsville."
That was a good trigger. *pours one out for it*
found it: 
It's solid.Is Cassette's stuff solid?
It's very hard to win that kind of fight" It's actually very easy, as the GM just gets tired and exhausted and ends the game rather than coming up with contrivances to godmode you to death, making you the victory.
*victor
I think you have to have a certain mentality to use a dead man's switch." The whole point of a dead man's switch is that that mentality is "being dead."
Unwritten rules kinda make dead mans switches unnecessary" I feel like dead man's switches are manifestations of the principles underlying the unwritten rules (namely, escalation ends in massive destruction).
Because it's two extra seconds to do $npc and then $luck?
Someone will lose out minutes of their life if they recode commands constantly.
Plus, luck is generally post-[$npc], since otherwise people tend to backfill the luck into the power.
I've got a tumbler for him. *runs him over in the Batmobile*
Ifind it very easy to believe that, a ctually.
Genning powers can be done by table but they come out garbage" I think you could just about take how $pc does it, write it to spit out more specific elements, and call it a day. So something like this:  becomes something like this:  . But it's basically 100x the effort and the results wouldn't be much better or more varied for it.
Yeah, but, again, it's like 100x the effort, and tons of dependencies and sub-tables and stuff. e.g. if you shoot 1/round instead of Wits/2 per round, then you have to alter the damage and effect to not be stronger. You need to make sure nobody rolls all strong or all weak on everything and outclasses everything they fight or just gets chumped. Etc.
err *to be stronger
A nonary game seems like the kind of thing you'd do in the Worm setting if you were a psycho trying to force triggers. I mean, that was basically what the nonary game was, originally.
Crotch punches should be chosen to do, not random. It's comical if you're doing them one out of every eight attacks.
Dex 2 is apparently real ultimate power.
Or you could not" Yeah, instead, take a hint from Monsterhearts, the superior *World system.
I hate popularity contests. I always lose.
plus you'd just get Mishie submit some stupid broken character if you did that.
How so, Pink?
Is that some kind of gay slang I'm unfamiliar with.
being railroaded, not fitting into my timeline
Avante Gard as the name of a villain would be top notch.
Course, there's the issue that you hear it and it sounds the same.
that's his real name
yes, it looks like an alias.
let's kill Shades.
Doubt it, as she was not in powered armor when she asploded.
which one was that?
How so?
I don't know what element of "like it" you're talking about here. Growth? +6 Guts pile? Immunity to certain types of attacks?
What about the power makes you feel as though it is too "broken" to be genned here in chat?
Well, I don't know how to argue or disagree with you if I can't understand where you're coming from.
I feel like there are some very strong, "broken," powers that have been produced. Nick's multi has, like, multiple vectors for invulnerability. Mega's power in Lausanne is total invulnerability with only very mild limits in terms of raw power.
I could maybe see giving, say, Deep-Six's power to a player - it doesn't have issues with some imba powers where cracking open the combat engine is a huge waste of time. But, inversely, when you give out powers like that, the game will warp around it, which is signing the GM up for a lot.
racial equality in gangs
It basically destroys itself tbqh.
Hit me.
yes i want to hear about how it sucked. this is my equivalent of gossiping over who's sleeping with who.
I think a major thing with "broken" powers is that whether a given character should receive a "broken" power is 100x more a function of who's the GM and who's the player and what dynamic do they want to do, than what trigger got rolled or who's on for gen today or what luck got rolled.
(Assuming that something like Epidermis from Lausanne doesn't count as "broken.")
Skill Thinkers are better than "here's some +1s" Thinkers, since at least skills in WD have texture to them.
They're for the absolute peak of all human ability.
for skill thinkers and theoretical characters who have a justification for a stat 5/skill 5.
and so you have something to aspire towards
I have never, while making a character, thought "argh, they're stronger than stronger than average, but they're not an olympic weightlifter!"
30% of the population has a degree or some crap, it's not that big a deal.
I have never, while making a character, thought "argh, they're stronger than stronger than average, but they're not an olympic weightlifter!"
Nach's good at that and she's Wits 2.
There is some stuff you just shouldn't roll for, like if I as a Brawn 3 person can beat a Brawn 5 person in an arm-wrestling contest. They just win unless I cheat.
Unless you're Miyamoto Musashi you're going to fuck up from time to time.
Actual fights aren't like two guys doing a scouter level reading of one another, determining who will win, and the lesser fighter surrendering.
because until the fight's done you don't know who will win.
No, not really? I've 100% read guys who fenced talking about it and saying, "Yeah, this guy fucked up in the first round, I know he was a better fighter than me, but he made a mistake and I took advantage of it and then he was emotional and off his game for the rest of the match and I wound up winning."
Say yes or roll dice.
well that's every RPG's dice
Unless you have ten subsystems like Exalted 3e or something you're going to wind up with your dice mechanics producing silly results in certain scenarios. I don't think WD is particularly bad on this front, as long as you use some basic logic on whether or not rolling dice is appropriate.
They can lose an armwrestling match with a child very easily as a 20 is like +5 and being a child is like -2 and you have a d20.
in what imaginable sense
Odds of a child winning against Str 20 guy with Str 6: ~20%. Odds of a child winning against Brawn 5 with Brawn 2: ~10%. Weaver Dice is more realistic than D&D 3e, pack it in boys.
Yes?
Average adult twenty year old human.
that's the same thing though
good, crits are fecking dumb.
That's like saying that there's no difference between Charm and Deception besides their associated pip effects.
It's bad.
I think a lot of the weapon and skill systems should be ripped out and rewritten to lower lethality, sure.
well, you need to rest. whew. problem solved.
Critical is a horrible skill because it uses critical in multiple, different, senses.
and fails to clearly keyword even its own use of "critical."
The attack is a critical hit (typically making it equivalent to a normal weapon attack in damage dealt).
oh so it's just a mod wound.
the GM hunts you down and hacks you to death.
alternately, your shard does it.
the basic assumption of the universe is that the magic supercomputer in your brain picked you out because there's a 99% chance you'd go get in fights once it started fucking with your brain.
and it has started fucking with your brain.
Obsessiveness around your Tinkertech, compulsion to build, shard keeps issues hidden from the character.
Also your power is not "pretty much morally reprehensible to ever use on anyone" from what I remember.
man nick has a really cool power in laconi or w/e it was. when is that running.
You know what would be fun? Genning someone a power and not telling them what it is, and letting them figure it out in-session." Would it? Would it really?
Honestly, everything I've seen that leans towards that seems to go poorly so I'm pretty much pro-100% transparency on how the power works.
I think it's a taste that's alright, once. My Vancouver character was blind on power. It was alright but I wouldn't want to do it again.
I've seen other stuff that's got more opacity in powers, it's rarely for the best. Thal's Trump/Breaker. The case of Mystery Blaster.
well it still ended poorly
basically opaque powers turn everything into the character fumbling around trying to work things out. and then they die because they didn't.
I think it's perfectly reasonable IC, but as a matter of gameplay it turns things into you fumbling around for a session.
didn't she spend her last moments alive spamming the change button
Taylor only got those perks after getting milestones.
the shard would still be there, attached to the Butcher, until he/she died.
Bonesaw says it makes your powers rage out of control, not go docile.
that will just make the situation worse though.
yeah but that's your game
Your game has a lot of "low stakes" sessions anyway, which a noncombat figure-out-your-powers thing is.
sounds like bad fanfic
Go ahead, 's what it's for.
Well, it was for me practicing power gen.
But it's fine to use it for that too.
Wow? What's sexual about bunny rabbit ears?
Get your mind out of the gutter.
They just make you move faster in Smash Brothers.
Shoot him back.
stop naming characters after worm characters. Cody, Jack, Danny. There are lots of spare names!
maybe there should be
It's not how different he is, it's how confusing it is when you say Danny, Cody, or Jack, and everybody has to wonder which one you mean.
so is Sophia but I'm not going to name my character that
Emma too, #1 right now.
they do a lot of shit
if it's a fight then there's enjoyment in competition. this'd just make me feel depressed when i got 0 votes.
Is a voting gauntlet really going to show you what your issues are though?
Ugh, god, the more x less y
Interesting how Saff and Dolc got the two multitrigger Brutes in the batch.
only four multis in total, most of them used to prop up the less easy-to-make-interesting powers
Uhm, any ideas for the minor boost to power?" +5' on base shove and Brawn DC goes up to 6.
Think bow's a bit busy.
wb

Maybe could use a power boost somewhere. Give them an extra pip of Wits and Know or something.
You smack a thing and it breaks.
Give him like a +1 Wits and Know or something, idk, it seems a little weak.

Okay, but, now you also have to be good at shooting a gun if you want to shoot a gun IC.
My general rule would be "succeed on a Social roll when you write something insanely stupid and boneheaded, the GM tells you why it was insanely stupid and boneheaded in narration."
Hey. Evie made a convincing argument, she didn't bully him.
Death.
He's guilty.
How is the Elite behind it?
I thought it was just power backfire related to the guy he was fighting. Why's everything got to be a big damn conspiracy. Can't people fuck up without the Illuminati as a cover.
Spacewhale magic.
>reading
I only read the logs of people whose powers I made, and even then, not really.
Oh, I'm in the channels, I'm just not reading anything.
I guess.
I play multiple characters.
It's in case I ever want them, Tell.
don't think malpractice doc got incremented for.
The trigger didn't even get claimed. :|
$trigger 17
$help claim
Tally, what campaign was this even for?
$claim 17 Orlando [Tally] Surgical implants that boost until they fail dangerously and need to be supplemented, repeatedly.
$tinker 1
Oh, Hops is the one with the drowning boy trigger?
or am I misremembering what power that trigger got
my issue would be it seems pretty passive? you fire and forget.
They die.
You don't need special rules for that.
Depends on what kind I guess.
Skill Thinkers have some advantages over other Thinkers in that skills are actually collections of abilities in Weaver Dice rather than flat +1s, so you can just say "Acrobatics 5" and be fairly sure something interesting is going on. I think the issue with Thinkers isn't making them so much as making ones that aren't just "let the power do the work" stuff, since that's kind of what they /are/.
So how's Entrench doing as a power, out of curiosity?
rip
you can lose without dying
he's good at one of those things, sure.
It's more like, "you can fly and shoot lasers, but some days you fly faster and with better maneuverability, some days you're slower or have worse maneuverability, some days your lasers are big chunky cannon shots some days they're plink machine guns."
I don't think that's the intent at all.
who're you talking to, tubes, those all posted at the same time
>a bloo bloo i hate the rulebook, let's not use it, in this system that i'm using the rulebook for" etc.
Duly noted.
I think the flaw could probably do with some clarification that the idea is certain bits go up as others go down, or bonuses shift in type, or whatever, not a flat boost or decline. Like it's still the same basic power, and it's still about as good, just the numbers and specifics change.
Since I think that is the idea, but it's not expressed super clearly.
Me, yes.
In geometry, a nonagon /ˈnɒnəɡɒn/ (or enneagon /ˈɛniːəɡɒn/) is a nine-sided polygon or 9-gon.
I used to work in the trigger sweatshop but I got a promotion.
Anti runs it, now.
My thing with Mod Pierces is that, besides wearing a helmet and other loadout-stuff (e.g. Guts 4), there's not ~really~ anything you can do to stop a headshot once you're actually out there. Sure, avoid guys with guns, but that's not really that possible. If you engage with the enemy and then the GM says there's a guy with a gun there, what're you gonna do? All it takes is one shot for that 1-2% chance of instagib to kick in.
4chan is on a downward spiral and it isn't /b/" Was it in a downward spiral in 2011 in an alternate universe?
somebody posting sexy pics of Lily and Evie.
"Check out this hot babe. She wears a bikini when she goes out to do her work. Also she turns into a giant bug that looks like this."
Monday works for me.
Oh wow I forgot to write goals for Lily. Hm.
Ruin her husband's life, check. Secure custody of her child, check. Hm. What next.
I don't really have a good grasp on PHO because I have no personal frame of reference for forums that have literally hundreds of sub-sub-subforums that are still active and have lots of posters and meaningful discussion.
It's not Gaia Online, 4chan, or some other enormous clogged forum with a billion posts a second, is what I'm saying, Vern.
muh immersion
i spent way too long making a fake instagram for lily on gdocs

Clarissa's would just be depressing because it'd be labeled 6 MONTHS AGO and maybe people asking what happened to her and why she doesn't post any more.
hey mega did you hear that two hours ago we were talkking about RQ.
i drank some pepsi
who's the PM of britain in Bt
*Bet
so jeremy corbyn?
Misread that as "I got my own sister I have to shave as well" and was very confused for a second.
Oh, Wellwick, I edited Frostbite a bit by changing the duration on the Striker. Several minutes instead of five rounds so you don't have to count out five rounds, as that's a huge pita.
wasn't sure if the character was coming back or anything
it's a Thinker power to know where to strike to make people bleed, mechanically represented as letting you always apply bleed. works with ranged weapons too.
for a boost, how about, hm. It's a very simple power. Boost the Guts roll to avoid taking a Wound from bleeding out? Make it a Mod Wound instead? Give a bit broader social bonuses?
It already lets you read people.
it's not a striker power
+1 Wound, and can suppress a single Wound effect of their choice at a time?
emotional shift, pf13
so not at all unless you're a savage?
you picked a boost yet wellwick?
it's $moderate pierce or $lesser bash or similar. and they're in the gameplay doc
anybody want to comment on my instagram thot account? 
arrow to go to it
i edited the text somewhat because originally I was thinking it's just lily's account but actually she's probably risk-indifferent enough to just mention all kinds of personal deets on her cape instagram account
techtouch
shatterstrike thinker doesn't say anything about being limited to melee i don't think
can you adjust the power somewhat to be more Worm-y?
what is the power?
where's the local session
err, local... spotlight. i wanna look at it.
rip
Hm, right, that makes two of us.
Sure.
me and Div
agreed, but not in that order.
roger
wow.
Sure.
I prefer the term "full body Changer"
what the
Oh I thought you were talking about Lily.
$join #WDSanRaul2
who even reads through the rulebook for any game before running it
The skill?
@Bel: No, not at all, wouldn't have written it the way it's written at all.
I mean, nobody's going to read big long docs of explanations first thing, it's a huge buy-in basically no newbie would ever make, and frankly they're right to.
Maybe if it was in, like, half a page tops.
Wow, it's not obvious you suck at all, Teruzi.
brb shouldn't be too long
back
don't think being happy is a skill
is it?
>tfw you can't reference Boy Meets World because it came out over a decade after the PoD.
why don't you "come out" into a lifetime in prison
He's a criminal.
I'm a hero, as you can ese by the fact that I'm going to go beat up a villain for no other reason than needing something to do.
Hm. What was I going to do when I found him.
there's some notes from Tell on areas to focus on
rip Jake
She needed something to do.
so she googled "powerful villain san raul" on her phone and picked the first thing to come u
*come up
Because she's in a euphoric manic episode.
Negligible ear, head, skin, severe mouth.
Any particular thematics to the mutation box?
Lower jaw splits in half, morphing into semi-functional pedipalps/mandible type things, exposed bone.
well hell if it's a sore subject why not just toss people into it.
imgur.com/pXOCLEC.png
isn't it negligible skin
Danger? What danger? You're perfectly safe, Div. Just getting weird freaky monster body parts, which don't threaten your life at all.
You only knew to do that because of spelt's error. Admit it.
just remembered my armor gives me protection v bash
Reimann.
gg
when're you planning to pick up, CG?
he just wanted to illegally sell drugs to minors. i'm doing the right thing.
wait. was he not even selling? was he just giving them away? jesus.
even worse than i thought.
drugs are bad okay?
I'm making the community a better place.
Hell, I should change "Villain" to "Hero" on my sheet.
Not my fault they decided to sit under me, or that Andre decided to charge me. Hell, it was just the universe teaching them about all the bad things that can happen when you're out getting drugs.
(Also, I was actually thinking of Cocoon. She's in a fight she can't run away from.)" She's not gonna die, get real.
Yeah, and she's still gonna win.
His speed will only make him die faster.
Sure.
Tinker, Thinker, Changer, ~maybe~ Blaster just for thematics of wanting to murder somebody.
Nursing a grudge.
Hollow Scorpion Changer?
/me high fives.
Tinker who makes an arachnoid mech that has just enough free space for them to slip inside and pilot?
was thinking mechascorpion
stinging scorpion brings to mind revenge, for me
Maybe.
Something like the Cylon fighters from nBSG, for Changer stuff? Where you have goopy flesh bits that stretch inside the mech and attach to points and so forth.
Changer form sweats acid? Inside of suit ruggedized against the acid, set up to push acid up to 'tail' which then fires it as a projectile?
Worked out great for me.
claim the trigger and increment somebody
is there a standard "spotlight" page that links to the spotlights so far

But also like the political entity.
hey. don't start nothing, won't be nothing.
Everybody get in the hole.
I'll go in the hole and turn into a monster but then just dupe off my sister. Np.
somebody get me out of this wack ass hole
wait are you even in san raul
why do you say that?
ugh, somebody fix the formating on used 516.
used 500 is the only multi with more than 2 triggers I think.
@Cyn
I wrote it, Anti got the power.
yeah
I'm not super sure how well a multitrigger works for making a group of PCs and giving immediate drive though.
ty
I feel like, for an appropriate multi, you'd want a) an event that is severe in intensity and broad enough to hit 4-5 people; b) enough variation in how it's experienced so that you don't wind up with three Brutes and a Shaker/Brute; c) human enough for you to be able to fight/deal with; and preferably both d) not a parahuman threat (so it's not all Trump time), and e) still a meaningful conflict for 4+ chars.
Maybe something like this? 
Never fear! Hero Rose is here!
The question is why they do. But I think Pink was talking about whether or not there were any stats for the Oklahoma City Protectorate.
Cry_Havoc
Heartless_Bitch
 tubes" messed up.
hey Nonagon, how do you define a round?" 12 seconds as ballpark. I don't think of it as a hard number though.
Both half-actions? All the characters turns? Yes.
the mentally challengered.
here, spelt: 
a picture of your character, wonk.
you know what they say, it's all about implication.
her Iconic Hat
Your quest?
i'll be the judge of that
Dice atheist.
Dice are intrinsically communist due to their fairness, however.
monster
It takes you forty minutes to make a sandwich?
Not me. Peanut butter for lif.
*life.
le me, le doing drugs all over the place but still looking great.
wow just coke, adderall, and weed? well then she's basically not even on drugs.
It's called misdirection in the name?
I do coke usually, but sometimes I do ecstasy.
Sure.
Damn, this one's old.
Master, Changer.
I'd actually say duplicator.
Hm. How about something like, mitosis splits, each "split" degrades and mutates the body, making them more freakish? Some Changer bonuses they can apply when they split, but at costs to stats.
I'm not a huge fan of that, Claw, since it means you kind of pop off duplicates then the GM has to do a bunch of legwork while the player, not so much?
It'd be fine to lean Breaker because we're low on them, but this isn't a trigger that really leans Breaker.
How would Non's splits even work, mechanically?" -1 to Brawn/Ath/Guts on first copy, -1 to highest for each additional copy, across all copies. Each copy gets a mutation, player's choice, from a list. Mutations scale up in power the more clones she makes, maybe?
Or maybe more extreme mutations open up as options at more clones. Actually that's probably better.
Those are all mental trigger types.
I could see that working out pretty well, Non.  They'd be pretty reliant on their clones, though." Idea would be that any clone counts as "them," and "true form" mutates too when the split takes place.
Hive mind stuff.
yeah
Soft limit of "when all your stats become 1 or 0."
New copies get new mutations. There's a single flesh pool that gets eaten out a bit with each new clone because it's a pita to track multiple statlines for a bunch of nearly-identical characters.
My thought was that after combat or whatever, they can "eat" live clones by reabsorbing them, slowly returning to normal with each progressive reabsorption, but if any are dead, mutations/degradation linger for a while as the power recovers.
Sure.
Eh, duplicating Masters aren't that uncommon. In canon, you have Spree and Prism off the top of my head.
 <- that clarify things enough for you, Jovial?
o7
Six hours?
Yes, Vern?
Then why do they continue to reward me with all these epic rolls?
That's just anti-Loki propaganda.
anyway I've gotta run to class. PM me if you come up with a power and need me to roll luck

Did up a full mutation list, just waiting on luck now.
Sure.
I'ma brb 10m
back
Snap jump Brute? Enhanced agility and strength, with a powerful effect on kicking off a surface.
Noncombat regen, or something.
Hmm. That's an awkward power perk for this power.
Uuuugh.
Can 'bow at least get rid of the roll a d6 thing.
It makes all the more/less X feel samey, AND it makes it a huge pain in the ass to make sure it's actually a benefit (for perks) or a drawback (for flaws).
Man I have no idea how to apply that other than to just edit every single mutation on the list.
with the power booster, I mean
Oh, that's not too bad.
Reduce/increase effect of first split.
There, added to the bottom of the power doc.
yeah
what's the campaign?
$help claim
Apolline
$changer .5
$master .5
pp8, lp 21
Alright. Where were we on CG's gen?
Ace? What? He's finally returned to us?
I thought I heard Ace pinging me, but I guess it was just the wind.
Rip Serk, rip Ace. We hardly knew yee.
Leapfrog/twitch muscle Brute. Grab/snap secondary effect on striking, leaping. Objects drawn towards point of pressure - where you punch, where you leap, stuff gets snapped up/crushed into them. Needs a little more, though.
Was what I was thinking.
Magic punch is pretty Striker. More that it mostly manifests as punch/jump around a bunch.
not a ton to do with it
That wasn't my idea, though I can see it.
Hm, call it Manton limited, make it useful for sandtraps, disorienting/forcing disengagement, but not for really beating people up?
Hm.
Doesn't that just encourage you to sit around and grab as much as you can?
Why not?
In costume, though.
This was where my writeup was: 
Alright, Pink, I deleted the phrase "walking speed" from every single power.
in the pregen doc
Lately they have been, because it's easier than genning from $pc or $npc or $used or custom triggers or etc
I hope Saff likes her power, because I think it's pretty cool.
I'm good to go.
Ah. What power did he get?
Should claim and increment if it's used.
That doesn't help in claiming and incrementing.
Sh's selflessly seeking to better the community.
The shard just woke up and is like, "oh hell yeah, I didn't even have to do anything and you're already murdering somebody."
Wow. He sounds like a damn slut, to be going around having sex with somebody after being in a relationship for only two months.
Even worse.
Breaker.
Probably Breaker (Brute)?
Poison, death, fear, ingestion...
"You triggered a long time ago" jlurks
Like, uhh, Quan's from Lausanne.
Breaker and young... guy's going to have a real shard-fucked-with brain.
It might work as a tinge.
It's fine.
Breaker (Brute), perceived poison, psychological fear, maybe something like, in Breaker state, doesn't take Wounds, only effects?
I think it can help to remind you that you don't have to play a six year old.
That's really on the nose.
Breakers tend to be mechanic heavy.
I think the idea of a self-consuming Breaker state works for this trigger.
You enter a Breaker state. You're virtually invulnerable, but, the Breaker state wanes over use, until you're forced out.
Something like that.
Those numbers feel a bit weak, with the cooldown, Tell.
Hm. I'm trying to think of something holistic. I like cords/vines as a thematic.
Ooh, what if the poison not just debuffs people, but improves the Breaker state? Say, +1 armor wound per person poisoned. Tie them together with a spess whul magic effect.
I wouldn't hate a Tinker-y power but those are even more complex than Breakers and this is a super Breaker trigger.
Eh.
I assumed he was talking about the walking speed thing.

Luminescent green cords that glow brighter the more armor ticks you got.
Tearing Reality, hm.
Very specific stuff.
the chick in the Playtest docs whoms name I forget.
Ree.
Oh, I know, for tearing reality: there's a visible "seam" of energy from the poisoned target to the parahuman (while they're in their Breaker state), which can cause some collateral damage as they move around, tearing things up. Makes cover/hiding basically impossible for the parahuman once they're in Breaker state.
Hm.
Thal's Thinker had sweep, last time I remember seeing it.
The precog variant for CoGo's game
Dunno if that counts as "recent" though
No, the precog thing.
How about, can make a "kick" shotgun effect of green energy - 30' range, 90 degree cone - that inflicts Moderate Burns and pushes people back 10', but, that consumes the "poison" from one hit person?
Only accessible outside of Breaker state, a bit of a backup weapon.

Yeah, I'd say.
Finesse, maybe?
$claim 25 Apolline [Turncoat] Breaker, poison vine tendrils enhance the parahuman for each strike.
$breaker .8
$brute .2
wait, weren't we at like, 600+ used earlier?
Hm, maybe not.
Note: CoGo's trigger number is 61 now.
elle
Nope, didn't.

roll luck cogo
not in my back pocket or anything
Hey Spelt
Well, there's enough going on with the power that you can come up  with something I'm sure Jovial.
LP55, PP18, Spelt.
that's Pink's luck.
$trigger 61
$claim 61 Apolline [ColdGold] Matter-warping Brute who generates and tosses off armor with powerful leaps.
$brute .6
$striker .2
$mover .2
can't wait to find out saff bought down Guts on her narcissistic monster cloner
Let's hear the name and the cape name.
it's a really bad idea when your power inflicts -1 Guts on activation.
It is his nature.
It used to be +1 for "anywhere on body," +0 for pick a spot, and -1 for pick a wound. I don't think there's rules for it in the new doc though.
yeah there's no rules in new version as far as I can see on called shots, what qualifies, etc.
kill her now
even more reason to kill her now
There ever been a trigger based on  ?
Felt like I'd seen it before.
What power did it get?
I think it was genned a long ass time ago so it was probably something like that.
'twould have been badass.
$classes

Even though I know I 1) Wasn't in the running and 2) am already in the game, I can't help but feel disappointed my name wasn't picked. Something about lotteries." If it's that bad for you, imagine how bad it is for me!

I don't think he/she'd need evidence since the fear doesn't need to be 100% rational.
I don't think the question of "what would actually happen if it got out" is that relevant, since a) that relies on a lot of dynamics that are going to vary from school to school, and b) isn't within the scope of the trigger.
It's a "now I never, ever, ever have to think about this again- oh shit" situation.
they're not guilty, they don't want to be known as "that kid who killed their dad when they were seven."
Triggers are the worst day or your life. This being the worst day of your life just seems absurd." I mean, you could say that about getting a bad grade.
Even if people don't believe it, you're still going to be "the kid who allegedly murdered their dad."
$roll 1d6 Cashy is an RNg without emotions.
Can't deny it now.
I don't ever find them helpful. It gets people stuck on one idea. I remember a gen a little while back where the person got stuck on one type of thinker and it slowed the gen and caused arguments. I don't like seeing arguments over gen" I use them all the time for ideas and direction.
Sure. But, mm, to be polite, I'll just say I'm not really sure that newbies are worse for the power docs.
I trained in a hyperbolic time chamber.
But I mean, remember back when you'd get powers that were like, "Hm. This is a Blaster-y Thinker-y trigger. Let's give them the ability to fire orbs that they can see through."

It's been rewritten once, and got longer in the rewriting, yeah.
I hate eyebeams actually.
It's because they implicitly require you to focus all your attention on shooting a target so you can't do anything else.
Really, the doors were closed like a month+ ago.
How can it be the cool kids table? I'm not there.
Should've done like I did and nap an hour ago.
New Gen was only good for people that are experienced and could do full powers with no help" It was horrible. The worst was when I wrote Rainbow Knight, people were like "there's not enough here," so I wrote up twelve sub-powers for it to manifest, then it didn't win the vote.
Of the people who didn't get rolled, I'm sad I didn't get Non and Vander." I guess you'll just have to kill a lot of PCs to get me in, then.
It's not really on anybody who participated or w/e, it's the structure is "put a lot of effort in for a 1/n chance of it actually being used at all."
That's a lot harder than it sounds frankly.
Tells, I need you to kill at least, like, eight PCs? Can you do that for me?
I know he's away.
Which one's Anansi and what are his vulnerabilities.
Oh he's the guy with the weird minion stat thing right
what the hell does Anansi have to do with that. that sounds more like the name for Nick (?)'s spider spousal abuse Changer.
I'll see... him in a shallow grave!
You'll clear up the queue by dying.
Gah. Bel is naming his character Clarissa.
my detroit character's name is also Clarissa.
It'd be interesting to construct a "most common first names" list for Weaver Dice.

wow I don't see a single duplicate yet, gj everybody.
Last names aren't a big deal, since you'd only call, like, Sonderman by her last name. Nobody's calling Nach Hartmann.
Schuyler too.
Hm? It's fine.
PCs are the ones who get talked about more anyways.
Look at Bonesaw as someone who triggered young, for ex.
Shards work subtly. They magnify things that are already there, emphasize new personality traits fitting their purposes, but Vista and Bonesaw don't really "see" the effect their power has on them psychologically.
Honestly I'd probably just play it as something within the "extreme, but plausible" range of personality traits, based on whatever I felt like (so extremely aggressive and egocentric)
it's in the Breakers doc I think.
Gen an NPC power.
Hell, let me in Indie, I'll roll up a random trigger or I could submit a Cauldron app, you could get some genning done right now.
brb
back
Guilty as charged.
Smell ya later, losers. *runs off on own two legs*
Ah. Did you see my post?
People with Know know that they should use Dvorak.
So they type faster.
Yes.
My typing speed went up from 70wpm to 90wpm with Dvorak.
Which power?
I mean they're not exclusive. I can still type qwerty.
It's the name of the titular super hero team in the RPG "Champions."
Nicko, my cousin,
rip Playpen
smdh thal doesn't even know what a vocaloid is
why should you know that the earth goes around the sun?
>tfw you get asked to roll something, and you don't know what it's for, but you roll a six
You need to remove the linebreaks CG.
Worth it.
Night.
Really tempted to say: "You can stand up off your chair and physically walk on your legs to exit the room now."
Worried that Playpen can dish it out but not take it tho
40 seconds too late.
I just used $watch Teller|GM and played Brigador
Thanks fr running.
*for
What does it do, notify you on your desktop when someone says something?" $watch [name] makes Cashy PM you when the chosen name person says something in channel. I just kept PMing it to [ATM], so I'dget pinged when Teller posted.
I think it's only talking.
he's a big wuss and is scared of having superpowers. there, I said it.
my main concern for Clarissa is it's going to be confusing with Stray also being named Clarissa.
It's easy to do both ways.
Grow into becoming a Mormon.
There's plenty of angles for growth. Growing as a person doesn't mean you have to change your belief that Cauldron created the Endbringers to bring about one world government.
That would take like twelve hours and then you're done.
how did Glenn Beck?
Maybe he plays it down a bit for the cameras?
I recommend just killing him rather than making it a fight.
Did you see that Pink said he didn't get your PM?
Anti
Resented.
Oh shit, great idea for an in-universe movie that's not about parahumans: Red Dawn, but with the CUI instead of the PRC/DPRK.
Eh. Only in passing. Small town in Oregon gets invaded by CUI army (somehow), any Yangban or other Chinese capes are going to be preoccupied fighting American capes elsewhere.
Infants really love to poop and pee iirc.
Kids suck at lying.
Easily, as the kinds of lies they tell are blatantly self-serving and poorly thought out.
Ah, yeah, there's the other thing, below a certain age kids are really fucking stupid.
Spoken like someone who's never had a donger.
He's neither now.
Strangers also include heavy disorientation powers.
but if i hit the checkbox i'm gonna end up with the cuck" Who's the cuck?
I tried filling it out before who won was decided, I found my bigger issue was with the "pick some luck" stuff.
Why not both?
I can lend you my stuff and you can submit it instead
Is becoming a Ward a nonstandard game over if your plan is to be Feint.
To be Playpen. To be Shadow Stalker.
Feint is extremely playable.
They're all playable. Because they're obnoxious obstacles to other people who just kind of do whatever they feel like.
i.e. PCs
Feint achieved quite a bit.
The thing about it is you just need to adjust your perception of what victory and defeat is. Winning is never ever ever letting anybody make you do anything without an enormous pointless fight that's way more work than the thing you were asked to do in the first place.
IIRC it's actually against regs to ask people about their trigger events.
We're discussing how small you are.
That's just owning yourself.
Either they say no, in which case, you're the one who got owned. Or they say yes, in which case, you could have gone on a date but decided not to in order to prank someone.
Go big or go home.
Go big or go home.
Pink: don't forget the getting blinded club" But she is alive.
Nobody's died on my watch.
except one" You're not PRT, you don't count.
*gets the Cauldron option then chooses not to do a vial session*
Excited to do the gens? Alright, let me go through the triggers. Okay, trigger #1: Looks sort of... Blaster/Thinker-y. Shoots blast orbs that you can see through. #2...
(It was a joke because that was the power it got originally.)
I've actually been ramping up powers' efficacy lately.
Oh, true, players could kill each other.
Rather than weak powers, give them strong ones that push PvP.
They kill all the other players for me, then I do like the guy from Jade Empire and pop them in their one weak point.
Neither of them died though, making you a failure of a GM.
Alright, so, trigger 1, some kind of murder shot that requires you to kill a parahuman every week or it starts hurting you. Trigger 2, some kind of dissection Thinker power that requires you to kill a parahuman every week or it starts hurting you. Trigger 3,
Somebody pick Ruin, it feels like forever since we had a Ruin cape.
As a joke.
$luck ruin
That.
I agree, it is rather problematic as a GM and as a player when a PC gets named after a major character from Worm.
One murder per session is an insanely high pace, yeah.
Even in a different campaign.
What title would you give a CUI invasion film?
I was thinking Meiguo Prefecture (or just Meiguo).
Somewhat recent? '08, '09? Can't really be after the 2011 post-Simurgh conflicts since preproduction, etc, would just barely snake out before the end of the world if you're lucky.
But the CUI was kind of DPRK on crack before then.
You can't call it Red Dawn if they're not commies though.
Red is the commie color. The CUI probably has like, a blue or white or yellow flag or something.
Yeah, it's like how North Korea dropped the 'Communist' title." They still call themselves socialist though.
That's how he gets you.
It entails making it better in every imaginable way through careful and contemplative labor, Faust.
Their power? Negative emotion creation in other people by a Blaster vector.
Small pool of bonus, like roll 1d6 each round, that can add partially to rolls?
I'm good to go.
maybe just manually use pastebin like a normal person
doing gen for Indie.
 <- #5
What stops me from charging it all the way up before getting into a fight?
I'd probably add a way to 'spend' charges, too. Maybe something Shaker-y, given the trigger.
Some AoE effect seems thematically fitting, yeah.
Maybe something slow/delayed, but powerful? Like the outer shape of the aura (or it's color, or, etc) changes obviously as a (free action/partial action), then at the start of your next turn, inflicts a Moderate Burn to everyone still within a certain radius of you.
I mold it into a railgun.

It's the thinking emoji rotating as he contemplates low chance instakills and their effects.
Any knock down drag out hit as hard as you can fight between normies ends within five rounds. Most fights either a) have people with more survivability than normal, b) have lulls in the fighting for maneuvering, fleeing, talking, etc, or c) both.
(Okay, not ANY such fight. But especially with multiattacks, it'll almost always be over in that timeframe.)
Even without.
Hm, what about, instead of passive concentration or similar, the parahuman has a (weak) secondary attack/ability that they can use to gather charges?
Dessication touch, inflicts debuff to one stat rather than any damage? Pinprick mid-range attack (similar to 'components harmlessly passing by' - imbuement effect on small objects, maybe)?
 <- tubes, 5
Aura rips at very nearby inorganic materials to throw them at people?
go super saiyan and the rocks float up next to you
Maybe it doesn't? Could just be a little bonus for when you charge so that charging isn't so passive.
What were you hoping for?
rip
that also blows up
we're still working things out, it's a bit of a mess atm.

Primary: Heat, pressure, devastating elemental damage, scald, dissolve.
Secondary: Engine, machine, power, generator, lack of partition, oversight, critical failure.
Tertiary: Humanitarian, charitable, ambitious, lack of support, startup project.
Don't worry, 1 hasn't gotten a power.
My main thought is that I don't mind powers that have a more strategic element with the getting a really big pool but being at the bottom of the pool should be "weak PC power" level, not like, total garbo.
That seems like something that could work. I'm not super clear on the idea, though. How do they gain 'points'?
Hi, Weast.
Not sure about the 100 point size pool, seems more granular  that the system at large, but here's a sketch if I get the idea right: 
100?
I feel like two flaws is the right amount and four is just going to be noisy.

I have a tough time making that + the bid thing fit any relevant thematic, fursonally.
Any thoughts, Anti?
Maybe should be 2d5 or 3d3, hm.
What theme would you prefer? That was the original theme CoGo suggested.
It's a DBZ aura
Okay, what if the venting sends you all the way back to 0?
I meant, would you still have these complaints about it.
No visual flare if at 2 or below?
Not visible before 3 or until 4?
I think having it do a hard reset is better, really. Makes it more risky.
Maybe a cooldown of a round or two before you can charge it up again.
"The parahuman can increase their pool by any quantity from 1 to 6 by making a committed action"
What's stopping tubs from just sitting there venting 24/7 tho
I thought it was the points that's getting vented, not the max
I don't see anything in the write up to suggest that.
does that make sense?" I miss anything?
I don't think these random slight changes to how it works are benefiting the power at all. It's a delicate balance to make everything work together and fiddling with them in pieces basically ensures it doesn't.
They absolutely did but in a different way from how you wanted it.
5-8 minutes means no combat relevant change though.
At 5-8 minutes you might as well just have him pick a number between 1 and 20 and roll a number between one and 20 and if it's lower than the latter then he gets the power at that level and if it's higher he explodes and dies.
I don't see how that's true at all, since in the short term case it changes over the fight and you try to get rid of it and in the long term case it's basically stuck at one value for the fight and it's just did you pick to high? ded.
I'm a little worried about the 2x Moderate Burns thing on feedback, seems like a really easy way to get instagibbed.
I'm not even one who decided you should blow up man.
The effects for mod burn are: remove costume element (who cares), lesser wound + mod rend (yikes), pain 2 rounds, mod wound every turn until done (yikes)
*until dealt with
2x mod burn would pretty much kill you if you'd taken any wounds
you might live if you had full health
Burns are pretty nasty in general, one wound is fine I think.
Okay, idea, what if, instead of being burns, it's shocks? And it's just effect, no damage. I mean, it doesn't thematically *need* to be burns.
it's a magic red aura
then you're messed up and have a tough time fighting, but it's 100% recoverable with some half decent luck
That seems fair enough.
It's why I had the purposeful vent be full vent and made any increase past the limit be optional, since then you can rack up to the top and stay there a while if you need to, but there are still advantages to venting.
It does now.
Then I'd make blowing up not be necessarily too bad besides the vulnerability.
Since if you're going to blow up, then the risk there would be more the temp vulnerability from falling back to 0.
Maybe drop the "start sluggish but heavy armored" bit, just have armor rise as you go up
A long period has even less calculation, since it has one calculation, the one you do at the start, and never revisit.
It's not a gamble on how fast you mop up the fight if it takes literally thirty rounds to go from the lowest possible max to the highest. No fight in WD has ever taken thirty rounds.
@Anti: My main concern for how the power's written rn is what happens when you get up to the maximum number (either true max or max risk threshold), so when you test it I'd keep an eye on that.
They never got killed because nobody bothered with them. Let's kill the unpowereds.
Very well.
Sonderman isn't afraid of anything.
Detroit's, what, 2009?
i wonder if you can kill a 12 year old and still get into heaven" All things are possible through Christ our Lord.
Sure, I'm here.
For form, maybe something that doubles down on "pale and gawky" - elongated, spiderlike limbs, chalk-white skin, etc.
Drawn in maggot minions grant minor boosts related to the person you hit?
Could have it last for a while outside Changer state for a while, too, for the civilian-life thing, though I'm not sure that quite fits what you want from it.



Think Anti's going to do a writeup when he gets home from his drive.
give them normal names to make it more of a surprise when they turn out to be bitches.
names like Sapphire and Jewel I assume
Michael is finally using the power that he's had inside of him the entire time." The ability to get beat up by the PRT.
He's hopefully getting wrecked by Melange as we speak.
That way he can pour one out when his teammates get killed.
>implying Akira's corpse hasn't been transmuted into the little table with the dollies.
We made a connection, Playpen and I.
I specifically let Superstition out of custody when she was flipping out because I'm not a dumb dumb like Abby who thinks you can just abuse parahumans forever and nothing bad will happen.
Age is no excuse.
In a world of people like Bonesaw?
One of them's secret.
Yeah, don't kill her with your bare hands, instead, smash her head in with a rock. Good point, Mega.
It *is* your fault, however, that you decided to try to undermine the greatest government in the world (the USA) by forming a political enclave with its own judicial system, and therefore have no prisons to put criminals in.
rip slither
iri's got a scorpion mech suit
I'm sure she had a reason, DeWitt. It just wasn't a very good one, probably.
He's getting stabbed into an early grave I hope.
Depends on what day it is.
btw, Teller, Titz and Azz have a really good power combo, especially given the lame pun names they have that totally fit with their powers.
The fallout of you going to federal prison.
It's not, it depends on your client though.
IRCCloud seems to lack them as an in-built ability, yes.
Sounds balanced to me.
You know what's messed up? Horn Lord isn't even in the Sicol Bend PRT files.
yeah, as "that guy we arrested and threw in prison for life"
Don't you even pretend you're half as good as him.
Which three villains?
Slither and Abby weren't you get fucking real dude.
Also, Schuyler.
He killed more villains.
Hey, I was vaguely in a two block radius of Slither and Abby before they died, I guess I should get credit for their deaths. Damn look at that, I have two kills to your one. Done.
Unless you told Abby to keep fucking with Slither until she broke and tried to murder her, then no, they didn't.
so what. my actions and words did so, by not telling Slither that we had a bug in her wheelchair. bam double kill kill steal rip your KDR.
tubes said if he knew about it Claire probably wouldn't have gone ham and then we could've nabbed Abby.
Or maybe the bug would have gotten revealed to Abby somehow, in which case, I would also be responsible for the deaths, QED.
Durrrr.
I'm using the chain of logic where you can't just randomly claim responsibility for shit you had no role in, because if you'd done something different at some point then things would be different.
Slither has those kills by right.
Making her, the greatest hero.
So what dude.
Unless you secretly blew up Slither then no, it doesn't count as your kills.
You literally did though.
If that's your definition of "assist," then probably tons of people in the city have more assists than you. Like Superstition.
They aren't human though. They used to be humans, now they're something else.
Parahumans can breed with humans and are therefore the same species, QED.
Yes.
Bwuh? Echidna isn't Taylor though.
are you sure their offspring are fertile though
hey nick
mish is getting his butt kicked by the PRT in a secret session
Wow, one week for randomly beating someone to death for literally no reason. Can't wait for my parahuman overlords to take power.
The people who Fireback beat to death.
They died in my heart.
In the non-compressed zone it is actually four weeks.
That's because she's not sure if he really is awesome.
a distribution
Railgun is my second thought.
I thought it was the distribution because the max size follows an approximation of the normal distribution.
I'll fight him, and win.
yeah, the brackets are wrong for a typo
[ ] is around the winner
or should be
it's a custom template by ixi
Who would people say are the most aggressive and/or proactive players on #Weaverdice?
In general.
Go stomp on some ants.
I think players tend to warp their character's concept to fit their playstyle.
Saff as the latter. Her playstyle seems to be built entirely around stream of consciousness."
talking about you not to you
It's kind of tough with Lily because the stupid shit she does is just stupid, whereas most of my characters when they do stupid shit, it's because they have particular goals/principles/etc that constrict their actions and get them in trouble.
Walking on coals is actually very safe, as long as you keep moving the heat doesn't get up quick enough to matter.
I'm sure he is as we live and breathe.
almost all the ones on the detail gen are 5%. Optic has a very high odd of mutations, but just weird eye colors. Ate has 15% but they're a step less in severity. I think the system has generally moved away from rising deviation risks.

but you have to have a good concept behind them or you can get super frustrated" Seems like if you have a good concept you can also get super frustrated.
Anyway, the reason I asked about aggressive players is because I was thinking of trying to do a one-on-one non-WD thing to try GMing on IRC again. So, uh, Antioch, ThalAI, ColdGold, tubes, would any of you be interested in trying out Monsterhearts?
I would what?
I've run and played it several times, I picked it because I've had good experiences running it in a non-1-on-1 non-IRC context, so if it is the one-on-one and/or IRC thing that made me not enjoy GMing here then I'll know.
one of the best rpg systems ever written
"Monsterhearts is about the messy lives of teenagers who are secretly monsters. It explores the terror and confusion of having a body that is changing without your permission. The monstrosity of these characters is literal: they are vampires, werewolves, witches, and more. But their monstrosity is also allegorical, standing in for experiences of alienation, shame, queerness, and self-destruction."
it's a game where you play as a retarded teenager who's also a vampire
Did I ask for your opinion, Mishie?
There are teenage characters. Sometimes they have sex. Sometimes they violently murder each other. That's it.
Monsterhearts has the advantage of being very brisk in pacing. Not quite sure how it'd work out in the IRC format, but IME, a campaign rounds out in around 4 or 5 sessions?
Not double digits total.
No.
Wondering if you'd like to try out Monsterhearts on IRC. This is my shitty gdoc: 
It will.
Hm.
I dunno. I'd only give a player this power if I was expecting them to work to avoid basically any combat. Especially with the big cooldown, there's just not much opportunity to use it in creative or interesting ways in an actual fight.
Which part, exactly? Tempting NPCs has me tell you what sort of bribe, threat, or coaxing it will take to get them to do what you want. Conditions give you a +1 when you leverage them appropriately. Otherwise, they're kind of like a more associated version of Fate Aspects or something like that, you burn them for relevant bonuses.
Mortal doesn't really work in one on one, it's entirely built around PvP.
@Mish: They can do that exactly once, if they're not already in their form. And the extra buff is a bunch of +1ds, which are limited by a "normal" person's skill selection, and not really anything terribly interesting.
I mean, ultimately most powers provide an "escape" from civilian life. With a more shapechanger-y less combat-y one like the one you posted earlier, that escape is more... an escape to someone else's life, and to a lesser extent infiltration and self-discovery. With a more combat-y, armor and claws or whatever type of power, it's more to a particular, single, constructed identity.
(As a parahuman.)
what about a dildo bat. that's more phallic.
Hm, with armor, and with blurred lines, what about something like, they enter a "Maiden" state (gushy, weak, melding, porous) that can then gather or create armor to become the "Knight" state?
lol
Dancer emphasizes mobility, agility, area control. Throw [ribbons] to block off areas, lock down opponents, swing, leap. Inversely, Lancer is about deliberate, heavy attacks, possibly physically hurls and retrieves the lance? Slow and steady, much more emphasis on forcing opponents to react to avoid the attacks than directly controlling terrain.
I'd think that it manifests, practically, as heavily emphasizing the negative points of the form (slower/less flexible, or weaker/more vulnerable) in their mind, while ignoring any benefits?
Let's hope.
So you didn't die or go to federal prison.
Oo.
Oh, so nothing of any import. Okay.
It creates a situation where the two options can be separate identities, so I can see benefits.
Not sure how I feel about the limited term element.
The "minion" disappearing after three rounds. Makes it more obvious that Dancer and Lancer are the same person.
Could work.
What happens when the minion loses all armor? Just stops moving until/unless the parahuman gets back inside?
Does anyone have any thoughts? Otherwise, I'll ask for a flaw reroll." Pick the first two and skip the tell?
There's three options: rest doesn't work; tics or idiosyncracies; obvious tell. You pick two. So, they have some tic related to being a genderfucker, and they feel tired all the time. Don't need to glow outside of their form.
What're you claiming?
...why not port them to the used tab? Ah.
Scion has a dick though.
Pretty sure there's WoG on it.
What if Scion appears in a game and the GM needs to describe his dong, though?
I recommend playing video games.
What does the [any <number>] mean in a damage roll?" Part.
[Any 3] means it's 3 on a 1d4 regardless of part hit, [Head 3] means that the effect is only for the head. It doesn't matter in practice unless you're rolling on ATM to check the effects of wounds.
Yes.
No.
It got put on hold. But I was winning.
alright so when's evie killing these fuckers
Probably because it's a pain in the ass to do that every single time?
Yes, and that's 10x as much work as deleting two lines when somebody fucks up, because you have to do it every single time, for all the players, etc, whereas deleting two lines you have to do only when somebody fucks up.
Yes, it is.
Yes. I am correct, and you are wrong, obviously so, as you have to type up that single short line every single time, whereas you only have to "search through logs" (the incredible effort of typing Ctrl+F, truly herculean) if somebody messes up.
Lots of people manually read through logs before they put them up anyway.
rip to Evie
you need to kill all these people or your plan to frame the Offshoots for the mall attack is going to be heavily undermined.
Alternately, cut your losses here.
I always see it as a guarantee of high quality product from a restaurant such as Buffalo Wild Wings.
She was.
rip Evie. At least nobody will think Lily was responsible for all the murder.
This guy just won't go down.
Do overdose again, so I can get in sooner.
You should though.
because jesus fuck. he's always on my ass about doing normal things or making friends my own age. He doesn't have any friends and he hasn't gotten laid since he was in college." Boo hoo. That's true for me, except I've never gotten laid, but you don't see me complaining.
It's not complaining about being volcel.
How old is your character again?
I think I have a way to cut the proverbial gordian knot here that doesn't involve beating up randos.
Yeah but does she have drug addict teeth?
It's IC, IC we can kill whoever we like.
You know what, I'm going to say it. There are pretty people who don't have superpowers.
hell i'd settle for a girl. she don't got to be pretty.
turning winning into linning?
Yeah, you need to spend sixteen or it just won't ring true.
anyway spelt all the advice you'll ever get is "write a complete person who happens to be a woman."
weebay.gif
rip to those who were retconned
A person who turns into a moose and speaks moose.
yeah, rip
Was he seriously an 8?
I guess it's a valid rating with Shatterbird under his control, but otherwise, way too high.
It does, as it is not sentient.
You got a six because the pseudorandom number generator spat out a six as the next digit of pi or whatever the fuck criterion it uses.
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 369)
what
this is exactly what i was talking about. there's nothing here to do. you put someone in your belly and then you cut people up.
Name two.
I don't think we have ever seen anyone with Ardeur.
It's fairly recent and I don't know if it's ever been rolled.
space on the end
how do people keep adding spaces to the end
What did she pussy out of?
You're getting characters confused. She's the porcelain Changer gen from very recently.
 pebbles.
Hey.
What'd I miss.
Maybe?
only log i got on this computer of clarissa: 
It would depend on the startup.
hundreds of millions of dollars, potentially. more likely, nothing, because tech startups are big financial liabilities that hemorrhage money and fail all the time.
Ambarella only had like 20 million market cap in 2012, that sounds the closest to the thing you're talking about.
Early 2000s isn't when Angel Fire came around, either.
I don't think that Bet's USA is involved in any counterinsurgency stuff though, so I'm not sure anti-IED tech would be a priority.
Why not just use cameras though?
Ambarella is probably the closest to what you're talking about, they do the video chips that UAVs use. They also have 600 employees at present.
Ambarella currently has a market cap of 1.67 billion. In 2012 (when it went public) it had a market cap of 20 million.
You can't do that as a single person though.
Then she already has money and how much she can sell the company for doesn't seem to matter as much?
In WD terms the difference between owning the majority of stocks in a company with a market cap of 20 million and one with a market cap of 1.5 billion is very slim.
The Uber of startups.
When I hear the name Elon Musk I think of Costco's $1.50 hotdog combo.
Tinker .8/Master .2, I guess?
Yeah, but it isn't a changer form, it is armor that they pilot" Changers include armor stuff. Brandish is a Shifter.
that's one of her powers
an invulnerable ball of light, so probably that would be Breaker
"Ranked 1 powers mentioned thus far include Shadow Stalker and Brandish (Mover 1 and Shifter 1, respectively)." - WoG
you could just do squats rather than temporarily steal people's butts.
because squatting lasts longer
probably a woman without powers
The problem with trying to 'make a stranger' is that many powers are only stranger if you use them that way" Yeah, so if it's something other than invisibility then people are like "that's not Stranger."
August Prince is Master-Stranger.
Stranger powers are distinct from other power categories, though, in how they express and what makes them. I mean everybody's a little bit Breaker but Shadow Stalker's way more of one than Skitter.
I dunno about that.
Shadow Stalker is low-visibility and can move through walls, doors, windows.
It's not like Burnscar is a Stranger because she can make so much fire that you can't see her.
If we made Imp's power here, would you increment it as anything but Stranger 1?
I feel like that's focusing on something that doesn't really matter.
Practically, Imp does not have minions. Her power actually makes it harder to have minions than a regular person.
There's no way to use Imp's power that isn't Stranger-y.
So the fact that it's "mechanically a Master" is like saying that that a Blaster who shoots gouts of flame is "mechanically a Shaker" because it's just a Shaker power in a thin line. It's like... okay?
I know you're not talking game mechanics.
There are powers that verge on Stranger, like Kitty Corner or whatever. I would give them low Stranger ratings when incrementing. There are also powers that are theoretically useful for straight fights but obviously very Stranger, like Hush or... whatever Thalia (?)'s power was from the second gen kid with the overprotective mom.
Certain kinds of stimulus are more likely to make Stranger powers so it's not like it's 100% an end product thing.
that's just Thinker
You can't tell Lumen is watching you through a wall.
She couldn't do that at first, I'm pretty sure. That was a later development.
re: decoys
one of the things that is easy to forget is that early Skitter has way less control, sense, range, etc, than late Skitter.
was more at Lysa
If a pyrokinetic, in the course of a campaign, develops their powers in such a way that they learn to use the smoke to blind people, then you're not going to increment Stranger for that power so it's not relevant to power gen.
I agree with that. I think the Strangers' docs Assassinate/Ambush/etc categories are helpful in making Stranger powers that aren't just imp-alikes.
...put the apostrophy in the wrong place.
yeah, rip... in the sense that Evie ripped him in half.
Saff doesn't count.
That explains why he doesn't want you to do it, Saff.
Spooky.
here's what nachzehrer looks like in costume, more or less: 
she's 4'6"
what's really OP is Guts.
It's a mechanic that is much more viscerally visible in how useful it is, but it's no different from +1 Ath
It puts her at eye level with people's nuts.
(no it doesn't)
It's pretty terrible.
Everyone brings up how smol you are.
People are really bigoted against the smol.
You're not smol, you're like, two inches shorter than average for a girl.
she'd kill hundreds of people though.
One of them would wind up being you.
most of us do
that's why i said most
Stranger, yeah.
Ambush, trapper, fluid, disgust, surprise, binding, overpowering, ignored/betrayed by system.
"An error by a worker at a United Nuclear Corporation fuel facility led to an accidental criticality"

At about 6:00 P.M. Friday, Robert Peabody went to wash the week’s trichloroethane in the mixing vat upstairs. He grabbed an 11-liter bottle filled with bright yellow liquid and carried it up the stairs to the third floor. The tag that identified the contents must have slipped out of its rubber bands — it was later found on the floor in the stairway.
The bottle did not contain trichloroethane. It contained a very high concentration of enriched uranium, drained from the system during the black goo crisis.

Nuclear accidents are extremely rare but they still do actually happen.
help claim
I'm honestly surprised this trigger got approved.
Lots of little issues that add up to it playing really narrow for a gen, particularly both the dad and sister getting the same basic power. 
Feels like all the rolls so far have failed because people are trying old gen." Roll 1: GM asked for reroll because they didn't have ideas. Roll 2: there's no nuclear power plants in the setting. Roll 3: used trigger. Roll 4: this is frankly a bad trigger.
At least half of those are completely unrelated to old/new gen.
I have an idea of something like talking to other people's shards, getting their powers to do things that way.
Not literally talking like a conversation, obv.
Something like Thal's Trump/Stranger whoms name I forget mixed with Edict.
berlin
Something like, give a short (1-2 word) order to a shard, a little longer if you make it really obvious what you're doing. Parahuman-shard relationship gives them a natural sense of the order, and inflicts nasty feedback on parahuman for violations. Maybe a secondary, less Trump-y power to round it out, like Slash's knife.
You'd look at Fireblast and concentrate on him, sort of 'see' his shard very loosely, send a mental command like, "Turn around." Fireblast gets a prickling in the back of his head, suggesting he turns around. If he does so, nothing much happens, order's fulfilled, done. If he doesn't, his flames kick up on him and burn him or his costume or whatever.
Or you could boost by yelling the command really loudly.
Is that joke a reference or is it just falling flat for me?
@Pink
Short-range (5-10') invisible "chains" that bind people, don't really exist. Hits slowly grab and restrain people, enough hits and people are disabled.
How so?
You could do something like that. I was having some difficulty making that really come together.
Yeah, something with the power, hm.
Maybe something like a short list of orders you can give? "Stop doing things for a bit" is rather boring, but you could probably get an interesting variant on that.
"Stop - Declare a 15'x15' area. The power won't work in there - generated minions won't enter it, blasts won't fire into it, Brutes will find themselves suddenly shorn of active support within it (though they may still have enhanced strength), etc."
+ then 2-3 more like that, maybe.
Yeah, the thought wasn't so much that a blast disappears on entering, than that a blast just wouldn't shoot into it.
Though that can probably get finnicky for some powers.

oops, should be effect, but not damage, of a lesser shock
It's a secondary Striker variant.
So you have something to do with non-capes.
Well, as written, the idea was mental, to tie into the sister/father without being too blatant about it. But you could have them be "real," sure.
rip
Yeah, the command system means it shouldn't be too hard to adjust by changing or replacing commands if they become problematic.
Ooh.
Depression/malaise field?
It means "primary power" on the assumption that you have one power. I wouldn't be overly beholden to it for a case like this.
Especially since making one good Trump is a pita already.
You could just straight up ramp them up, I suppose.
Hm, issue with that is it's a little close to the chains thing.
More that you'd probably pick one or the other.
Could make something synergistic.
True.
Bulls don't have jobs.
And they don't understand language.
Manifests a lance, spearing people with it makes it so they have to roll when using their power or get [backlash, but power still goes off? Less Shock like for Hijack, maybe] as long as it's in them, but then you don't have a lance (manifesting a new one vanishes the old one).
Armor piercing is probably better, yeah. Simpler. I think it should be better than a standard weapon in /some/ way.

Trump .9/Striker .1?
$help claim
$claim 68 Drams Landing [ColdGold] Mentally gives orders to shards, shoots binding, phantasmal chains at extremely close range.
You brought this on yourself.
It's a kind of tape, like duct tape.
Fear my next cape: Fire Bad
All my names are great, full of double meanings, and perfectly selected.
I need to give a cape just an awful joke name.
I didn't guess it.
And you didn't name yourself Kill Blind? Sad.
It would be instantly turned into Astroglide.
Let's be real.
When picking a name, you have to look for double meanings and joking mispronunciations. It's like naming a child.
Kill Stake. Kill Pot. There's so many great names you could have used.
Double Kill
My next cape: Killerman.
wow.
we see the casual bigotry that smol people must endure every day
You can pretend innocence all you like but you don't fool me.
iirc Ed was also subjected to numerous occasions of heightist discrimination.
I was very confused as to private.
That's every pip except the fifth.
sometimes Thinkers do
I think iri has it in Cayo?
weren't it +1d
*wakes up* turns into a moose and speaks moose.
It did.
passively gets Charm 5. done.
passively gets Charm 5. done."
Because it's a foot-in-the-door Master power and it's hard to get your foot in the door when you t̡̛à̷̛l̛͢͝k̢͠ ̢̡l̸̡i̛k͟҉̀҉́e̕ ̵͘͟t̵̵̷̨h̷̛̕i͏̀͞s̷̨̡͜.
Tattletale has the most NPC power ever made, probably.
don't forget to claim and increment
it's just $master .8 $thinker .2 or something
Not giving a comment is a form of comment.
and it's a silly name
hi
I'm good for gen.
You did not.
Because you're bad at scales. The extra slot is for 11.
0 is clearly above the X, 1 above a _, 2, etc.
How can you tell it's the | that was originally under the 0? Checkmate.
sure
ly sexy
I like a lot of things.
...Brute?
I'm imagining tortoise shell Brute?
Something like that, guy who murdered Ace.
Way to assume it's a guy.
Also, save that power for when you run a Worm quest on QQ.
That's the trigger that was written. I wish people would write Trump triggers to try to make sure the new parahuman doesn't obviously fit in the exact same category as the triggerer, it makes it hard to make a distinct feeling power, but they do so.
It's fine.
It's just something I've seen in a number of triggers, with this, the recent one that CG got, the one from a while back with the Trump 10 in solitary confinement, etc.
It's my general belief that themes and category don't trump one another because they're not mutually exclusive.
it's the bot
It's a Wound that doesn't suffer effects, generally.
Wound slot.
Crits ignore armor.
what stops them from just grabbing an enemy and instantly winning the fight in a 1v1
where's the trump in the writeup
*unafraid*
I thought here was Trump?
then write that down
Alright.
calling it now, 2 power flaws, both of them extremely terrible" Wrong. It was two life flaws.
Not close enough, sorry.

In fact, not being able to have a romantic relationship is good.
that sounds like a good romantic partner, they probably won't steal your kids away from you and leave you homeless in the divorce
Because they're played by you.
durr
Use them on bad people.
Wow, how can I use this gun, since my conscience is still intact?
The reason waterboarding is bad is because it doesn't work. Physically controlling them to shoot their best friend does work. Totally different.
They're angry.
trigger 4 vet: 
Flavor, establishes some character, ties into her power and your relationship as a "cape duo."
inc-re-ment
If you murder the evil ex then there's no evil ex any more.
You don't get a new evil ex.
did anybody have any thoughts on this: 
Scorpio. Bam.
Mm, I don't think in those terms a ton and I can't think of many triggers that run into issues there? Could you give some examples?
I think that's more down to the power that got created than the trigger itself. If a trigger makes a person disabled it's probably a good idea to give them a power that gets around that, either totally (Cuttlefish in Lausanne) or partially (uhh, idr the trigger but the guy who got face stomped and confined to a wheelchair, and made a minion of his dead wife, who also got like, pseudo-armor that let him walk around)
I remember the power being insanely awful and dumb because irony.
It's very ironic for a shard to have a host who sucks.
That was supposed to be the intent, I just wrote it bad.
It can.
I found bone-itis, it doesn't look like there's good hand control with the power which is my #1 criterion for good powers, good powers let people control their hands. You probably thought it was other factors, but it's this one, it's just most powers let you use your hands so it doesn't matter.
The San Diego Ward could use her hands, though she tended to break things I think?
Yes, Jovial.
Give them something other than simple strength/durability that's passively active.
The basic, NPC Brute, has +3 Brawn and +2 Armor or something like that. I made a whole list actually.
of ideas on ways to do that, for Brutes + all other categories
 <- here, under Brute
And they could have bone-armored their hands. The power and precision of the TK was defined by wits. Which would have been 5." Then what's the issue. You don't have a secret identity. Done.
Then what's the issue
Okay? Well if those 3 zeroes don't matter because you're floating around on Wits 5 then...?
I mean if you didn't want to play it that's fine, but it sounds a) like your issue is with the power, and b) like I would not have had that issue with the power, so I don't want to put a "don't write triggers like this" thing down.
Oh, I'd assumed they could talk. Then they should have been able to talk, yes.
Okay? Yes. That's an issue with the power not fixing that. Because a huge subsection of all the interesting things characters can do rely on them being able to speak and manipulate objects.
Is it?
People used to keep trying to make Brutes with no hands because their hands got broken in the trigger event. If it's a trigger like that, yes, you should let them move their hands and talk.
Brute powers should absolutely solve the problem.
(Where the problem is physical trauma.)
I mean, you know, I could put a bunch of clarifications and caveats in there, but if a PC triggers because they lost their legs they shouldn't be the immobile half-man who has to crawl by hand everywhere.
It should be power gen doc. Locked in girl from here:  has a cool trigger and power.
Added to power gen doc: "There’s an annoying trend of getting Brute triggers where a character gets their hands lopped off then not giving them hands back because it’s “ironic.” Make sure player characters have the basic ability to: manipulate objects; move at a reasonable speed; and speak. Anything else hugely limits options in combat and similar situations to a degree that simply isn’t worth it."
Combat maybe isn't the right word there.
"Anything else hugely limits options in general to a degree that simply isn’t worth it.
"
"There’s an annoying trend of getting Brute triggers where a character gets their hands lopped off then not giving them hands back because it’s “ironic.” Make sure player characters have the basic ability to: manipulate objects; move at a reasonable speed; sense things to a degree sufficient to point at objects; and speak. Anything else hugely limits options in general to a degree that simply isn’t worth it."
because Reimann copyrighted, patented, and trademarked faking your death
Offshoots aren't a race.
oh, iri, here's a name for your scorpion cape. 
Belisarius

The trigger doesn't speak to damage? You got shot.
You're getting shot at with bullets.
Sure? I don't think that a Blaster who's literally shot at with bullets one of which hits them should get a non-damaging blast.
It's not ilke his focus is on something totally unrelated
Ugh.
They shouldn't be as it makes them totally invulnerable because 'bow has made withstand too good.
I'd just make it noncombat regen because tracking things that happen every four rounds is a pita.
I'd also tick up the overall strength a bit.
Post until you drop (dead of an allergic reaction).
Do you think people will get mad if I use /r/im12andthisisdeep for trigger inspiration?" It depends on whether or not the trigger is good.
Yeah, it's easier if you're copy and pasting it with another font family." Just copy and paste it into the address bar.
They are people, they just are not humans.
There are some bad triggers.
smdh
I think that's been done.
I do wonder if we're at the point where 'generic' triggers are all written up and done.
Or basically all.
It is, because then everyone with experience will be stuck in the mode of what got genned last time.
It's an issue where people have vaguely similar triggers.
Would they?
iri and panda both had moderately similar triggers and there's a lot of common points on their powers.
for Sicol Bend
Since, if anything, we were trying to distinguish the powers, I would say the trigger.
If two people get "electrocuted almost to death" they will probably get powers that touch on Striker, Brute, Shaker, electricity, etc.
They won't get identical powers but there will almost certainly be points of similarity.
why even bother writing new triggers if they're the same as old triggers.
You seemed dismissive of any issue with duplicate trigger concepts.
Is there?
There were a bunch of triggers about peanut allergy spontaneously added to the trigger doc because ???
No, it's about peanut allergies.
It was like years ago
Triggers like this one: "While working as a server in a steakhouse, a couple ordered your specialty onion rings. These onion rings are fried on location, in peanut oil. The couple, having missed the warning in the menu, bite in, only for one to go into anaphylactic shock from their peanut allergy while you looked on and their date shouted at you in panic."
peanut triggers
Mmm.
My triggers produce a wide variety of powers.
I love moral philosophy through the lens of D&D.
Fulvus's tulpa.
For a clown to play.
Neither has anyone else.
because he's good
Are the Swiss even a real people?
No, you can make it bigger or smaller voluntarily.
it's $luck
You roll an effect, then the effect scrolls through the list, and you can change the size.
You're immune to your power's effects, yeah.
You can use $unclaim to correct that, Jovial.
About to do something
guess i'm emulating his character and going to the bar"
That sounds like an awful lot of effort.
Oh, it's Minefield. Yes.
I only woke up an hour and a half ago.
A Brute primary. Surprise attack. Extreme, targeted violence. An element of Shaker, with the explosion. Maybe Armor x Dynamic, for a direction.
It seems very bland.
I mean mechanically bland. You shoot dudes and get shot.
Glass shell Brute. Forms around the parahuman, can be used to reflect attacks, as a roll, once per round, have to pick who to reflect from in advance. More accurate if you don't attack that round. Attacks rebound on attacker, use the 'defensive' roll as the attack roll. Maybe a Shaker manifestation/use of the shell, like, shatter it as an attack that costs a pip of armor but does really good AoE damage.
No, you say, "I'm going to try to reflect X's attack," then if X attacks you, you try to roll to reflect it.
+1 if you didn't attack that round, -1 if you did, or something.
You can check the revision history.
I'll blame you for being so lazy you can't type five keystrokes and instead choose to type four.
Sure
what's the dc for the wits check
Orange is just a shade of red.
Lysa you can come but just remember you aren't only facing Anansi. You're facing him and his whole gang of teenagers. The bond is real fam." Yeah, real FAM - Fail Ass Morons, that is.
Yeah, Wellwick, you're a good GM. I wouldn't have guessed WD was your first GMing experience.
Oh god you're gonna make me blush" if it helps, Saff, to me you're still the person who was almost never around.
might half be cause your name is similar to Sage tho
Hebi is still here.
not much. people were collectively making a setting a little while ago
Panda: Like I'm pretty sure that Nonagon is still salty about it." I'm not salty about shit you lying little wanker.
No, Hebi. It's more like, your powers are inspired by insects. Like, 'inspired by squid' means you might be able to pick from..." Hive/squid/etc are just shorthand from when the idea was it would display [Effect A] Hive - blah blah blah, like how it displays [Mechanism] Swap - blah blah blah. Hive is Master-y subpowers, Squid is Shaker-y subpowers.
I would do something like, goop splatter, whip, wire, slug swarm, snake, for that roll.
Nah.
Just applications of squid/hive that make sense for a shell-type Changer.
what's the difference between that github and /mobilebasic?
I guess it constricts the width.
mobilebasic is 34,092K and the github is 30,780K. Well now the mobilebasic is 27,804K. seems very similar, anyway
Horizontal separator?
Oh, I see.
sure
Yikes.
Don't think it's public yet.

for your thing
It can be rather hard to fill out a list, especially one that's 16 objects long.
(I can just use it for the pregen doc, it's a little thin on Changers and I already have an idea of how to differentiate it more from Iron Maiden.)
what the hell is this: Copying and pasting requires the free Google Drive web app. This lets us access your clipboard so you can cut, copy and paste.
happens when I r-click and copy
google feels like they don't have enough information on me already and must force me into submission and tell them all of my most private thoughts.
made 3 new pregens: Gossamer, Grim Mirror, and Hoarfrost: 
Nah, I just wrote up three new pregens: 
I was trying to think of what an A-Class Stranger would be like that wasn't something lame like "makes everybody on the whole planet forget about them"
Strangers and Trumps aren't that hard, what is hard, is Thinkers.
Sure, Metamorphose/Roach from San Raul.
She used her power to disguise herself as an Offshoot.
+ yes, the power does let you disguise too.
well if there's no such thing as a Stranger power that's not invisibility variant then sure. but also Mish has a decent one in Detroit.
Yeah I think nick died." Vengeance for killing Serk.
A hand is made of flesh, Saff.
there's one in Local
The waifu was basically a shell at that point though.
I'm a hero.
I'm fighting a drug dealer right now.
He deals them, not my fault it's a really good deal.
I thought that Serk had gotten his revenge and offed you but looks like you walk free for another day.
You wait for a campaign to open up, which can take weeks.
what categories would you say for this trigger: 
"‘Other’ damage includes chemicals (ie. acids), poison, drugs, disease, and ambient damage from genetic issues, and serves as a ‘misc’ category for sources of harm that fall outside this spectrum.  Powers relating to growth, phasing, constructs, and more esoteric manifestations of time, space, or reality warping all fall into this category." - Brute doc
The severity of the "damage" being greater? e.g. wheelchair confinement
anybody remember where the sheet is for that Thinker/Trump with the multi-mode floating eye. not the double trigger.
nvm found it
what do you cann a non-human parahuman
*call
Thanks.
what do people think of this power: 
sb is down so the link don't work but i think this is the WoG in question: 
oh is it not down, it's just for me? cool.
but yeah, Dragon is such an individual. Sploosh, Simulacrum.
I mean, lots of human capes die quickly.
I remember them lasting a couple years?
want to say 14 months for some reason.
regular = cucked
I'll cuck shame you can't take this from me.
I am uncuckable, actually.
Not me.
Executive Assistant
her waifu is busy cheating on kumi
and her wife
Look I'm just cleaning up the streets, Andre is apparently both a discount drug dealer and a thief. Somebody has to take these guys on.
Drugs kill people.
uhh, wow.
who said i was going to kill him.
Think like that and all the scum will run roughshod over the city.
any time tues-fri, CG. my sleep cycle's a little later than normal, so past 2PM CST would be good
He's actually a really sad character. Becoming a Case 53 fucked him up so badly that he needed to be high all the time to cope, but his power makes the drugs wear off way too quick" A boo hoo, well, I guess that makes it okay to just commit all kinds of crimes and lure impressionable youngsters into a life of drugs and vice.
it's _in 3h
What are some more unusual types of triggers you rarely see?
No more dead child triggers pls" It's been like five hundred years since there's been a dead child trigger.
The peanut triggers were always dumb.
Triggers where the triggeree's faith is called into question." Hm. What kinds of cults do you think are most common in Bet? Aliens/UFO, Asian woo, Amerindian woo, Christian apocalyptic, neo-pagan/Gaian, something else?
well obviously all of them exist but some are dominant.
non gets good rolls when it counts" They're actually perfectly average you just call them good because you can't accept that the real reason I do so well is my eXtreme skillz.
I've pvp'd with. Katz vs herrschaft. Cwn vs Wink. I think that's it" Wow. Just wow.
smdh
If your two references for game design are Fate and D&D then it's probably closer to D&D than Fate but I don't think those are the best comparisons.
I'd compare it more to Exalted 3e - simple core rules, lots of things that build on them or create exceptions. Though Ex3 has better core combat and social engines imo.
A big part of that is that it has 9001 charms
If you were playing mortals only, Ex3 and WD are probably around the same levels of complexity.
k
Yikes.
I think Ex3 and WD also have fairly similar kinds of systems on a thematic level - they're both oriented towards creating interesting interactions/decisions through a mechanically setting-associated lens and a decent degree of complexity.
so it's got god dex stat?
here's how you check if dex is a god stat: does it do both attack and defense?
The wound system creates interesting interactions; the skills (at their best) provide players interesting tools and bonuses; stats are basically necessary in a non-class based system.
I don't want to play Fate Worm.
The game should have one attack per round unless you have like four dots in Finesse or a power.
But that has nothing to do with the complexity of tracking multiple attacks.
and everything to do with the # of hit points characters have.
why not
if I see somebody jumping around and doing flips I don't think "they're really dextrous," I think "they're really athletic."
great new house rule for Weaver Dice: 
no idea
it's apparently from Arkham Horror: the Card Game
He got brutally beaten up by PRT squaddies and thrown in federal prison along with the rest of his gang.
Well since you won't say what did happen, I have no choice but to declare that that is what happened.
It would be okay, because Offshoots deserve to be discriminated against, due to their inherently violent and feral behaviors.
You shouldn't.
Wow. I go out and risk my life to stop drug dealers from getting kids hooked on heroin, and this is what you say.
That just proves his guilt, Saff.
he's the biggest fish
Do we call him Fuckler yet?" Get this: Cuckler.
Seems armorface-ish, tho" I don't see how, in any sense other than the one in which almost all Blasters, Strangers, and Brutes are armorface.
good morning.
The oldest battle of all: cereal first or milk first.
in a world gone mad
Let's throw all the offshoots into prison.
offshoots aren't a race.
ableist against people who can jump around and spit acid on law-abiding normies.
sucks to suck.
What's a harem called when it's not exclusionary?" A polycule.
Mega, write that Fort Town interlude or I kill Cwn.
I don't.
use of gas weapons.
Chemtrails are a conspiracy theory regarding the true reason for the trail of air that follows airplanes, iri.
The frogs are actually being made gay though.
Prince.
Napoléon François Charles Joseph Bonaparte (20 March 1811 – 22 July 1832), Prince Imperial, King of Rome, known in the Austrian court as Franz from 1814 onward, Duke of Reichstadt from 1818, was the son of Napoleon I, Emperor of the French, and his second wife, Archduchess Marie Louise of Austria.
Archduke is a made up title.
Archduke in particuular.
They have to be executed for being enemies of the people.
Let's be fair, you probably deserved it.
"She grumbles something in reply, and he resumes lecturing the class about the incredibly interesting topic of the type of economy they had in ancient Greece." That does sound incredibly interesting. Kids these days.
first San Raul session
Ancient Greece is in the area of what is today Sicily, Greece, Macedonia, Turkey, and some other colonies.
how old is hops. prime or composite number.
I think being a player gives you a particularly good perspective though.
I was already here, just updating Windows so my PC went down.
You read my app, Anti?
Today is Cocoon vs. Andre the Dragon continued, right?" First I've heard of it.
check
I guess while you were gone, they made the rules really obnoxious so no one can ever talk about anything other than Weaver Dice, and yeah, now Mishie plays minimod.
:) :) :) :)
Avatar the Last Airbender.
In a premodern society, wealth and family are very heavily intertwined.
they could just demand to know her pronouns.
Dragon still prefers "she" even though she isn't human.
referring to people only in an incredibly dehumanizing fashion ftw.
I never use the character's name in Cauldron apps. It's always "the subject."
the software
Shards also attach to clones with duped memories.
Let's all comfort Eun's wife while she's in lockup.
what you should have done was something other than what you did do, I think that might have worked.
Hm?
I don't care.
Metal, tech-y more than Hookwolf-style, but twisted like it's been melted.
What are you confused about?
the sooner you're shipped off to prison/another state, the sooner I get in.
It's a cutthroat world in #WeaverDice.
not a ton
character concept: 
Evening.
Seems more like night tbqh.
At least 80.
Pretty sure that's not true, Jov.
It's 85.
probably
Yes, always.
She's going to be executed via guillotine.
Vanilla bean situatino.
rip tubs
lysa and tubs, gone, so quick, much good, so close to getting in.
I need 7+ people to die unless Anti bumps me up.
Yeah, so if you die now, I won't get your spots. Check and mate.
iirc you also require a grand cleansing, so help me give them bad advice.
iir
*iri
Down with OOC actions to live longer!" I feel like I have less attachment to making my characters live longer than my characters do.
Once you go to the orgy you had no choice but to join in, really. The peer pressure is huge, everybody's doing it, if you don't join in you're basically like a teetotaler at a bar.
there's sixty-odd suggested triggers and 85 on the list right now so there's no real rush.
Peer pressure only works on squares, the hip cats are secure enough in their identities to resist it.
Very well. I shall call him Cuckler.
I mean, it's pretty unlikely that Director March will give you the electric chair." And that's a tragedy.
Hi.
Hopefully it doesn't end like your last adventure.
It's a "you fuck one goat" kind of situation.
It wouldn't even be that bad if she'd intended to get in an orgy, it's the "whoops, I slipped on a banana peel and fell into an orgy" thing that makes it so funny.
She shot Jetstream without understanding how bullets work, and she slipped on a banana peel and fell into an orgy.
Killing a hero is a great way to avoid prison time.
Characters with healthy home lives are lame.
Where did the Aztecs reside????" The Aztecs did not exist in 300 BCE, their capital was founded in 1325 CE.
There are a lot of different kinds of Trump powers, they're probably the single broadest.
You would be the expert on twisting oneself into pretzels to claim heroism.
He's a force multiplier type parahuman so he contributes whenever he shows up but not flashily.
He can't even talk, because Coy poisoned him. Have some respect.
We get them, we're just not laughing.
Artisan had most of the work done before the twins ruined everything, shouldn't take long to make a cure if he gets help" *before the twins made everything better.
I'm fighting crime, and we stopped all the offshoots from dying due to Artisan, so check and mate.
Oh, well then, I guess it's fine, let me just play Russian Roulette since the odds are in my favor.
other than him being a psychopath and all" That just makes it easier.
Or so you claim.
*getting mad about what Ashcloud Akira did before his death" Nobody is mad about that.
That's called alpha diplomacy, you wouldn't understand it.
I think he's pretty hot, with the thrusting his arm into lava.
For you.
Mary Cold, the cryokinetic.
It is a specific product of the Judeo-Christian tradition.
The Romans, historically, mostly drew giant == signs between their gods and the gods of other peoples, which was semi-true since a lot of European pagan traditions are derived from a single polytheistic pantheon (which also developed into Iranian paganism and Hinduism). Where they didn't (e.g. Isis), they just added another god to the collection.
IIRC, early Christianity actually described itself as a philosophy, not a religion, because religion was more like the sets of rituals you performed, whereas a philosophy was something like Stoicism or Epicureanism, a full-fledged worldview.
anyway the setting predates Christianity iirc.
He's seen as a legendary figure but 1000+ BCE.
how about Matt.
You could always try running a game of your own.
The coolest GM on #Weaverdice, you probably haven't heard of him.
Regular use of caffeine acclimatizes you to it so it stops making you more wakeful and just makes you statically wakeful.
I wrote a power gen guide here if you haven't seen it: 
I believe that good and bad rolls are evenly distributed across players and circumstances, and no fate or fickle magic determines who rolls well and poorly.
I'd attack whoever wrote the power.
No, since all Mod Rends do at least a Moderate Wound, and 3-5.5 of those will very easily kill people.
You would kill people with arm attacks.
What's the power?
Dealing 3-5.5 moderate rends per round, Opti.
Every other round I assume, Cam.
Now you guys can see why that typo happened" I really can't.
If you have six arms then you also have four arms, Captain Nameless.
Oh, I bet you had a mutant hole inside you all along.
How can sniper rifles be real when nothing is real.
>dumping Guts.
You deserve what you get.
Come fight me, Saff, since apparently I'm a """"villain"""".
Through Christ, all things are possible, iri.
What have I done that's villainous? Stopped a drug dealer and prevented the genocide of the offshoots by Artisan. Seems pretty good to me.
a) he's cheating on me, b) he's abusive and controlling, c) I'm in the middle of a manic episode so it's entirely appropriate for me to act like a huge slut.
My revenge is fucking his best friend and then taking his child and making him pay me $$$ in alimony and child support until he dies.
. o ( Fund your life as a superhero with alimony from your rich ex. )
Still fighting.
March?
Ah.
Yes, Pink.
Well, eight year olds, I think.
Four.
It did it once for me then Tails'd.
Yes.
Critical shock?
$critical shock
[Torso] [Any] Disintegrated: Critical wound, roll on moderate wound chart for effect, then flip coin.  If heads, repeat this action.
[Effect] Scattered: Subject is KNOCKED DOWN and DISARMED.  If recently shocked, roll 2d4 Dex checks, with each failure casting an item aside (items land within 10’, 5’ for heavier items), starting with held items, then belt, then backpack.  Requires 4+.
[Tails]
Might be that the loop is broken or something.
Oh, I see the issue. For some reason, Heads is set to 90% probability for the shock.
$refresh
Should be fixed now.
90%, yeah.
90% odds of heads instead of 50%.
You can check the revision history under file.
Anti, I think.
Oh, Grim Mirror already got in a oneshot before this one?
What if they're bad people, though?
yeah but Grim Mirror is only good for moving around unless you're willing to toss someone into the Shadow Realm to get turned into a Silent Hill monster.
"in cases like Canary's, may ebb more for a long time, getting her to let her guard down, before a 'kill all the Japanese' chance comes up.
"
"As a distinct, noticeable trend, Cauldron capes are less inclined to go off the deep end. They wouldn't be more prone to reinforcing behavior or subtly using powers to generate conflict. At most, they have residual patterns/programming, that aren't tailored to their host. (ie. go subtle, let them think they have more control than they do, then in a moment of high emotion, activate power). A simple formula that's going to generate high 
conflict a great deal of the time."
I think the idea is that natural trigger Canary would both have the "go fuck yourself" thing happen, but also their shard would subtly alter her personality to make her more likely to be violent and aggressive.
Natural triggers are very likely to go off the deep end, that's why 2/3-3/4ths of American parahumans are villains.
I can't imagine that the majority of capes have children after they trigger, but that assumption may be colored by personal bias." I mean, why not?
I guess pregnancy could be an issue for female capes.
It's not like people in the army don't have kids, and a lot of them go off overseas for months at a time.
the anti-marriage corporate agenda is well understood but not relevant to this discussion.
My Baltimore PC had a young child too.
Thal wants to knock up, or be knocked up, by another cape.
Or a civvie maybe.
a given cape can bud multiple second gen capes right?" Regent/Cherish/etc.
Shielder and Lasedream too.
*Laserdream
I don't think there's anything explicit about it happening (or not) in canon.
Or in WoG.
Just that "dead shard" doesn't exactly inspire confidence in the reproductive dreams of a shard.
"Me: Can vial capes bud?
WB: Pass. Next question"
There's your answer I guess.
Having a marriage is the first step to becoming a cuck.
corollary.
I think the Fallen do that. Probably E88 too - Othala's mentioned in WoG to come from a clan of powered,' lots of arranged marriage.
Probably really any parahuman group with a whiff of politics to the right of Obama would hold that. Doesn't have much appeal to the general public, though.
I just mean, if you're a normie, what are you supposed to do with parahuman supremacism? Find a parahuman to have get impregnated by/impregnate?
Well, yeah, but the Fallen are a parahuman supremacist group. But an actual normie with no links to the Fallen? Go join them? Who's really going to do that?
If you're just some normie who's run the numbers and determined that parahumans are superior, you're more likely to find a 10/10 beauty down to fuck than you are to get in a parahuman's pants.
Those are strats for parahumans though - parahumans, sure, it makes sense for a decent chunk of parahumans to adopt supremacist ideas, but how does a normie translate that into actions?
White people are not 0.1% of the American population.
No, not run by normies. You are a normie, you live in an apartment, and you believe that parahumans are the master race. How do you do anything about that?
You're not connected to any parahuman groups.
Sure, but if the only way to act on a belief in the supremacy of parahumans is to go join a psycho cult like the Fallen or their UFO cult equivalent, then probably a lot of people aren't going to join up.
there's no Logical Sensible parahuman supremacism, only loonie weirdos.
What's the most obnoxious nickname form of Penelope? Pen, Nellie, Nels, Lope?
Obnoxious, not crude. Like Topher.
I mean the kind of nickname where you'd roll your eyes if you heard that somebody insisted on being called that.
Penny is like the most natural nickname for Penelope though.
P.N>
L.O.P.
Basically, the nickname of someone who is trying to be cool but also they are a dumbass teenager.
yes, because he is a satanist.
satan is smol enough to dance on the head of a pin.
It doesn't exist in Wormverse prolly.
Someone in #parahumans, Anti.\
She wouldn't get appellate relief, tubes.
The world would end way before that.
They... uh... sent her to Behemoth after arresting her though.
In another hemisphere.
This city has a disease. Children. And I've got the cure.
It wasn't used.
Got rerolled.
Brute?
Vines reminds me a bit too much of whoever it was that got the child Breaker trigger with the cyanide apple.
Cut.
Don't let either of them bite imo.
How was Ranger, as a power? I remember being a little concerned about the cooldown rules on the robots being too obnoxious to track.
I would definitely not say Tinker. Use father / watching thief as thematics to inform a Brute package, imo.
Muscle-type Brute, mega-buffed dude/chick when hulked out, muscles can be "ejected" as exsanguinating/clinging tendrils.
Any criterion to inflict Crit Bashes should be understood as a criterion to win a fight.
doesn't Shades have a perdition vial
doesn't Shades have a perdition vial" Yes.
Wow, so peeing on a car is bad now.
So much for the tolerant left.
Not nearly as funny when they actually start playing feudal warlords.
"You all could consider the priorities of your organization and acknowledge that Think Tank are among the least offensive of the parahumans that it labels villains, by any measure," she recommends." How about by this measure: how much they openly undermine the rightful sovereignty of the United States of America (the greatest government in the world btw) over its territory.
It's illegal.
Does being a glorified cop really make you suitable for the Presidency?
Plus, it'd take time away from caping.
Reckon? I hardly know 'em!
Ver-dick'd.
It's always dead.
"THEN AGAIN, it could be a fact that the shards have an ingrained need to balance the type of powers granted for space whale reasons." I don't know if they do or not, but lots of shards are set to prefer a given type of trigger (e.g. Master-orientation of Queen).
all GMing is bullshitting anyway so go ahead man
Isn't Alexandria Los Angeles.
my next character will be called diesel now, no matter how inappropriate it is to her powers. pwned.
Most of that stuff would just be "they can do this." The defensive thing would be like, idk, it depends on specifics. Either restrict it (e.g. to projectiles, to weapons) or make it require a Wits roll or something.
+2 is really huge
rip
Life imitates art.
Lightning and being emotionally feeble
" A Saff character? Being emotionally feeble?
Uh huh.
why not
Nothing.
Amazing! America is a hellhole from which nothing good escapes!
It's numbered on the light version.
Too much of a pain to manually number and then edit whenever there's a change in #s.
Light has it as a list with numbered bullet points.
'bow has said that any big organization is seeded by Cauldron iirc.
$npc thinker
Could some overmod please IP ban 
[00:05:07] * SUPERNETS (supernets@net-aqc.nk1.150.107.IP) has left ("THIS CHANNEL IS BLOWJOBS COME TO #SUPERBOWL ON IRC.SUPERNETS.ORG") or whatever the fuck
What're some good Thinker powers?
Like, that PCs have had.
There's 54 options on the pregen iirc.
Yeah, doesn't matter as long as you rolled <55.
It used to be +1, the skills are shifting to +d because it results in less crazy crap.
54
You tortured me by changing your name from Ace to Clawford, so you must not be a hero.
Most player characters seem to be men, and even most NPC keeps seem to be majority men in a lot of games. Normally I'm not a guy that pushes for diversity for diversity sake, but sometimes WD can be a bit of a sausage fest." All my characters are women. I'm helping.
Tell changed the commands that work in PMs I think, made $increment not work there, might've done the same to $join?
I'm here, what's up.
Sure.
Really? I wouldn't have gone for Breaker at all.
Idea: time freeze Brute/Striker.
Somebody rescues them or something, idk.
Eh. Cuttlefish.
The character from Lausanne
She was ripped in half but not permanently maimed.
Not 100% on how to do a good Striker bit, but something like, freeze on your turn to prevent damage, but sacrifices an action.
Wraps self/objects/others in white-hot field, keeping them from moving. Projectiles ricochet, potentially damaging targets. Short period, can push against to break, but inflicts damage.
Trumps are really fun as a secondary, but as a primary they're always either underpowered or overpowered or just boring" Rose is a pretty good Trump primary I think?
It means we all get told about it immediately.
Hm, interesting definition, I suppose we'll have to agree to disagree.
What's the power?
oh is she the rat trapper
Minefield, from the pregens, was specifically a more focused take on that concept.
rip
For now.
Guillotines
Evie is the only truly evil PC I think? (Might be missing someone)" What's wrong with Nach.
Ah.
Lily is trying to fight a drug dealer.
She's a good person.
who's saffo. like the lady that wonder woman swears about?
Chair Force.
It's a huge amount of damage that's been forgone.
xXOverloadXx69
what's the cleverest PC WD name
those aren't clever at all
The style of names you enjoy is dumb puns though.
But are they clever?
NPCs are also easier to make clever names for, since the same person makes the power as makes the name.
Stray
What categories are people thinking?
Faust's doesn't seem to leave a lot of room for the player to do things.
It's a loadout choice though.
Some kind of hamstringing Thinker who ramps up/gets a rush/enhanced abilities as he maims people?
The injection isn't lethal.
I wouldn't say it's Master at all really?

No, it's a Thinker power that explains how to hurt people.
Works for crossbows/etc too.
The S9000 were intentionally brain-altered to have memories/etc similar to the original because otherwise it wouldn't work.
Has it?
man. that sure is a power.
Well, you turn it on, and then you keep track of six different characters who all act independently of the player and you have to track the number of times they use their powers, meanwhile the player gets one power to use that's probably not terrible intriguing since it's an NPC power.
If that's the case why is there the insane paperwork creating minions who die after four rounds.
^
With d6 flaws, I think you should just ignore the d6 part. It'd also make them feel more distinct than they do right now.
33
Speedwagon
Don't apologise for having fun, Spelt, it's cool." Actually, if there's one thing that's not cool, it's having fun.
Find some other Tinker to fix you.
Actually, if there's one thing that's not cool, it's having fun.
$trigger 33
somebody claim/increment
$help claim
Nonagon: The square brackets around Player_Name should be included.
$unclaim 606
$claim 82 WD Long Beach [soulpelt] Thinker/Trump gains info/skill/power leech on target, can give to allies.
$thinker .3
$trump .7
you can't do wrestling moves on endbringers because they weigh INFINITY pounds! wow!
maybe if high is bad
the Simurrgh
somebody needs to run a city through a Simurgh attack.
'bow's already written advice on running the Simurgh.
is the advice just "don't" non?" No.
I don't know if I'd call the campaign "entire" at this point. She hasn't even screamed yet.

That's not even that short.
Average height for an American adult woman is 5'4".
I can't join you, sadly, tubs.
Not that I would if I could.
didn't know a retrovirus could roll dice
Has anyone ever played an Architect-type Tinker?
Prompt: Architect Tinker with a Thinker, Changer, or Stranger focus. Go.
Arming normies is a good direction.
Who are any of us
Killing Artisan.
Scared?
Upset about Wash dying?
Second crit on a mutation iirc.
Unfortunately, there's no such thing as luck.
If dice gods exist, they get annoyed by you mentioning them, since I, a dice atheist, am allowed good luck.
Soon (TM)
The sky.
Lily's on a tear in San Raul.
Err, Evie.

We're identical twins.
A murder streak.
Yeah, such as one twin having bipolar and one twin having antisocial personality disorder.
Did ColdGold|GM fall asleep while running again.
Ah.
Isn't this fight set after Cleveland ends?
Then you'll never use it again either way, won't you?
Lily, to her sister: "Man, did you hear about that psycho Offshoot that murdered a bunch of heroes? Those people are messed up. Don't let your son hang around them, they're dangerous."
Probably so you can spit acid on them.
Also, Lily is a good girl who's fighting a drug dealer in your community, out of the goodness of your heart.
*her heart
I'm not sorry.
Kill 'em all, let the Simurgh sort them out.
She's got retrocog so she could probably bring people back to life
Hard to believe that this random number generator behaves like a random number generator rather than only giving out even 3.5 averages.
rip evie
I'm going to miss her when she's gone.
I thought Hops was a hero?
err
the Hare
My true colors of fighting drug dealers for no pay?
rip
Big deal.
Cwn is dead too. We'll all miss her.
That's why I refuse to like any NPCs and treat them all like crap.
So long as I don't care about whether they live or die, I have the power.
Once you care whether the NPCs live or die, the GM has the power.
Phrenology-based Tinker. He's called Calipers Man.
whom cares
all she gotta do is kill all these guys
whomsoever cares
whomst cares
rip
wouldn't you only win on the latest blitz roll if you got a nat 6
The odds are exactly one in six.
Ah, true.
Still. A four.
RIP Evie Russo, 1985-2009. "She was alright, I guess."
"Mediocre mother, wife, sister."
"She died."
Trick Sergio into thinking you'll show him where the cure is if he helps you escape, then kill him once you've escaped.
Here's how Evie can still win:
!search blu b
Man, it's crazy to think that a great hero like Lily, and a horrible villain like Evie, both have the same DNA.
oh yeah doesn't anti have that "your power's gonna fuck you" flaw.
He needs to get away first.
he's trying
lord forgive me, just this once i gotta murder a bunch of heroes for little reason
don't forget you get an extra dice from your skill anti
rip
rip looks a lot like np
Changer.
Changer form, slug-like, with sort of round things on the surface that are used as manipulators/etc, or can be detached and used as flashbangs/etc. Body is stealthy, mods are more in the noisy/distracting area. Want to disorient and grab somebody, really unexpectedly strong.
Those are its limbs, they grab and compress and manipulate.
It slithers for movement
Contorts around a doorknob, then compresses for friction, then twists, etc.
no the round things do that
imagine a pillow or something, you push it up against something and it deforms, then you can grab through the pillow. except it's a black bulb on a slug monster or w/e.
The limbs are Changer-y. Would probably write it up as 4-ish "limbs," and 4-ish "boom" options.
Swapping modes taking a half-action, probably tie limb options to boom options.
Bits regen, slowly.
Four, no mixing and matching for ease of keeping track.

something like that
Requiescat in pace.
Good night, bug blight.
i sleep
wait, which one was evie, was she the cruel one or the psycho one?" She was the evil twin.
Damn, damn, double damn. As she falls to her death, an idle thought flits through her mind – she never had the chance to frame her twin sister. Would've been the perfect cri—" What the heck
Wow.
Little did you know I had an alibi, I was fighting drug use among Offshoot youth.
One of us died though.
Yes, he died, before he could frame me, the good twin, for all his evil.
I used to believe in you... then I found out you were going to backstab me.
Now I don't know what to believe.
Gauss is going to survive fighting Leviathan.
No, I'm making a prediction.
Yet.
Wow.
Indeed, there is no time for Hamilton.
Maybe if you'd been more focused on murdering heroes, you'd still be alive today. Messed up.
As the first line of a certain song goes, "No more heroes, it's kill or be killed
"
goddammit
Doesn't look familiar.
Yeah, SOMA's character is a waifu bot transformer, which is even- *gets shot*
That was Mishie's fault.
Messex.
please god somebody claim and increment for all these powers in opti's campaign
There's also the one from yesterday, bulb slug.
#24
$claim 23 Long Beach [Sidezero] Turns into a slow-moving, but effective-grappling slug with manipulator bulbs, can eject them for disorienting effects.
$changer .6
$stranger .4
what if it's an ironic name, like naming the bald guy Curly.
Swashbuckler.
Zulfiqar-esque Striker, Parrymaster-esque Thinker, or sword Tinker.
Yeah you need, like, fertilizer.
yeah, napalm is just styrofoam and gasoline
Let the FBI come for me. I am not afraid.
vern no
I was talking about being mean to spelt.
that you are doing dundroma again
Let's.
Ach, Lex isn't on so I can't tell him that's his new job.
isn't her whole gimmick that she needs to be surrounded by bad people
Not like Offshoots, since Offshoots aren't people.
Okay.
*to Faust's face* Offshoots aren't people.
No, just the Offshoots aren't people.
not warhammer
He sounds cool.
let's go through this random guy on reddit's post history and judge him thoroughly.
Where're you rolling?
it's $roll 1d6 or w/e.
It's multiple rolls.
My bloodtype is bloodtype is meaningless lol.
I fear no bullets to the kidney.
Just make all your characters AB+ to minmax.
Boo hoo. Nach got stabbed by a parahuman, shot, shot some more, electro-zapped, beat up in general, but do you hear her complaining?
So?
Say that to my face motherfucker and not online, see what happens.
hyped for these standardized tests
Active games in #WDNorwalk , #WDLongBeach, and #Other, I think.
the Other one just started.
so no logs yet
wow, Yum is a "what."
Good. I'm glad it's paused!
rip panda
Little girls need to be taught that their family is mortal too.
It's on the Detail Generator, innit?

Sure.
$mutate
Foot.
They're on the bottom of your legs.
The plural is feet.
Everyone quit the chat, it's shutting down now.
well technically you could roll up mutations that are low enough that it's at canary level
He rolled up severe change to torso tho
"Not hideable without a combination of time, expense, and some distance from people."
You can houserule it so that the torso mutation is not visible from a distance while covered but that is clearly not the intent of the text.
And indeed I suspect CG is houseruling it that way.
Fulvus, Fossil, Faustus, they all bleed together to me.
Frost is fine though because its consonant-consonant-vowel rather than consonant-vowel-consonant.
is the campaign of the week still charm city? thought we rolled a new one
well should update the topic then
what's hyperlight's schtick?
... Traps. I should have thought about traps..." I think about traps constantly.
... Traps. I should have thought about traps..." I think about traps constantly.
... Traps. I should have thought about traps..." I think about traps constantly.
for what
what if the % risk of mutation on Cauldron vials was 'corrected' so that you roll a d10, and on a 2-10 you're a para with mutations that are low enough to not get C53'd and on a 1 you're a C53
after you already roll under 22 or w/e to mutate
I picked 1/10 because it's round and Battery's interlude said 3-4% mild mutation 0.5% severe, and seemed to be a fairly low reliability vial.
It's punishment in proportion to effort, yeah.
tallahassee & edmonton
faustus and fulvus are both playing at the same time, confusing my perfectly spherical brain
sure
sure
That was the evil Offshoot psycho and not my sister, obviously.
That bitch probably killed my (heroic, like me) sister.
It'd be funny if they thought that the psycho sister (me) was the one they fought and killed, while the diplomatic sister (Evie) was the one that survived.
One Weird Trick
Don't think Evie was boinking her husband though.
ex-husband
I'm going to beat her up and dunk her head in the toilet.
please don't bully synapse " You have to know that this only encourages bullying.
A tale of two kings to stand the test of time.
Ready when you are, CoGo.
the world's ending in a couple of years anyway, who's going to miss him" 
rip andre
Did I miss anything? Last I saw was my message.
"I'm not getting off unless you do." - Lily Nickelson
My character.
Coffee has an extremely short addiction/withdrawal cycle.
Acclimation/withdrawal.
Most drugs are not done with you a week after you stop taking them.
She's the best around.
She saved the Offshoots from being accidentally genocided by Artisan and defeated a Mover 8.
It's kind of badass to just randomly pick a fight with a Mover 8 for no good reason.
The Elite would know and I still need to get my brutal divorce revenge on Andrew.
There's no body mass limits.
Also, she suffered no damage to her wound track since the only damage that got past her armor was Crushed, which clears after a couple rounds. Pwned, Andre.
Whoa, Andre, Andrew. I just noticed that.
>not running 3/4/4/3/1/2/4 Dodge 3/MA 1.
>tfw you're hyped for a gen but you don't know when it'll happen
!
Sure.
They just stared at the sun and went blind.
they stared too long
are there any pc heroes in indie
oh yeah tubs
Just never get hurt idiot" That's my health care plan.
maybe they have medicare for kids in Earth-Bet.
who's died in the Indie endbringer thing that's actually in Indie. just Goldenrod and Pain Train?
don't worry Gauss and Gwn will go soon.
just the channel
Yeah, it should be "Live long and prosper, /v/"
Or "Live long and prosper, ree"
I bet they haven't even been activated.
Grue only had a vague sense. He got Murder Rat's and only knew "some kind of teleportation power" or somesuch.
Who's up for a gen?
$trigger
rip
Could someone actually sketch out what the Tinker table would look like? Because, honestly, the power as is sounds like it'll wind up 1000x too complicated.
Wellwick, Aosta.
My thought's more structural - like, if I was writing a Tinker table from this, well, I wouldn't write a Tinker table from this.
I mean even just a writeup of what the Tinker conceit is, I'd like it summarized or something.
rip
Is the doc accurate still? Teller's writeup in chat doesn't seem to look like anything on there.
OK, then, sure.
$luck
is for horses
They're pussies. They get scared of garden snakes and break a leg, dooming them.
I've never broken a leg, much less done so on behalf of a garden snake.
Oh yeah we need to claim and increment for my Aosta power.
$help claim
$claim 48 Aosta [Nonagon] Tinker, interchangable, highly-perishable bits in equipment.
$tinker 1
Durr Non gets good luck. *gets a two line trigger and two power flaws*
Hi Shocked, I'm Non.
I'm denying I'm lucky.
I can't think of any super lucky stuff that really backs up denying I'm unlucky. I guess that time me and CG made a combined 13 or w/e on our kill annoying Tinker roll.
'twas a mere 1/36 chance.
!search two 1s
I don't like seeing the products of some of the most sophisticated educational systems that have ever existed, in the most technologically advanced civilization in world history (and quite possibly the universe's history), immediately revert to the most tribal of superstitions the moment they roll two 1s in a row. So sue me. (at line 369)
Nothing, as Cashy is a mindless random number generator.
3
1
Dumb joke.
Man, I hope none of you are complex numbers, for the same reason.
[ATM] is a very poor roleplayer, with bad prose and weak characterization.
Man, Director March is an ass.
Indianapolis.
Not Sonderman.
What has Sonderman ever done to make her an ass?
That's called courage.
$perk jack
Don't think so.
No, it was his thoughts on Goldenrod and how she was a narcissistic bitch and it's good that everything she built her life around is being torn up.
this bit: 
She is.
I'm pretty sure Sonderman hates her PR lady, though." The closest I've come to hating her was when she pulled the "why do you hate me?" line like a fourteen year old girl.
Imagine a fourteen year old girl who was being melodramatic for impact. Unpossible, to be sure.
Teenagers are notorious for their distaste for melodrama.
What has Sonderman ever done to make her an ass?
Slither did that to herself and Sonderman did her best to stop it.
did Sorensen steal Nach's costume for Warpath.
You're right. Abby did that.
Sonderman wins by remaining alive and unattached until the end.
Way to gender Cashy.
did Sorensen steal Nach's costume for Warpath." Oh god. He has to resign now. What a hack.
it's just a color flip of Nach's costume. this is messed up.
how tall's warpath?
Stand Smol.
I could have moved a pip from Brawn to Ath and then I would have had Ath 5 and won ties.
I didn't because that felt like powergaming, unlike the character I made and played who had a 3/4/4/3/1/2/4 statline and only combat skills.
Hm. Shows about parahumans seem like a great place for Very Special Episodes since every character has a traumatic backstory.
Made by Earth-Bet TV shows.
I imagine the smokescreen winds up looking something like "trigger events are supposed to be good things, you get the really top notch powers that way (Alexandria, Eidolon, Legend), but most triggers are bad."
Of course that implies that the Siberian had a really fantastic day, once upon a time.
I can't maul enough children! I need to break through this barrier!
I love kids.
I can't maul enough children! I need to break through this barrier!
"Did I tell you to sit down, limpdick?" March asks sharply.
Wow, he really is a dick.
"No, no no, it was German. The Director March, The."
I hate him just from reading one log.
I know already we're not going to get on when I get in Indie.
*when
He called you "you."
Let's get back to the subject of how much of a dick March is.
He's very different from Sonderman, I think.
Sonderman is nice, whereas March is mean.
Actually Sonderman's major concern at the moment is ensuring the integrity of the United States as a political entity by doing brutal body blows to the false government of "Thinktank."
Compared to that, narcotics are barely a blip on her radar.
Rebel Yell for a Confederate sympathizer with a sonokinetic power.
Sonderman was unexpectedly nice. I didn't expect her to be so nice to Playpen in their most recent discussion." Originally I was just going to go "shape up or ship out" but then her reaction was weird so I used my brain to figure out what the real problem was.
sending love letters is beta. receiving them is alpha.
It depends.
It can be beta.
Beta.
Girls would swoon but also it's deffo beta.
Simple rule: is it thoughtful or considerate? Beta. Is it stupid and assholish? Alpha.
too anime
None of it is scary, it's all jokey crap with a scary veneer.
anime crap really
then the point is to be lame.
it's RP related
I dislike that sort of thing, and also that thing in particular.
You're an eighteenth century pirate who is kidnapped by aliens and pressganged into service in an ironic twist of fate.
Dolcaer, Dolyn.
You don't control me.
One only tells lies, the other only tells the truth.
I dunno. Prodromal schizophrenia?
what's the date of Leviathan's attack on Rio de Janeiro
*rereading pregen doc* man these are great powers.
oh it's a canon date
*immediately moves to Bucharest when he gets in Indie*
which character
>Saff character
>being queen bee
How can you be Queen Bee when you're too busy crying?
does interstice have secret sessions or has anti just not gotten aronud to uploading them
Sounds like a cool guy.
Woooow.
Acrobatics 3/Deception 2/Street Smarts 1 or Acrobatics 2/Deception 3/Street Smarts 1?
Or Acrobatics 3/Deception 3. Hm.
i like that the system is just complicated enough to make these kinds of decisions meaningful, but absolutely no more.
i haven't even had my character yet and i know i'm going to fight director march
"Does not count as a bonus point in the skill for 2-pip effect." - this, from Deception, seems odd.
From two-pip effect: "Powers that already required rolls now take a penalty equal to Deception points -1.  (Including specialty.  At 2 ranks would be a -1 penalty, at 5 would be -4)" But that's necessary for the third pip.
So is it -1, -1, -2, -3 or -1, -1, -3, -4.
Oh, oh, I see.
Spec normally counts as a point, but the third pip is both a pip and a spec.
That could definitely be tightened up a bit.
Today's messed up teens.
i decided to move a pip to know so i could have acr 3 dec 3 and extra skills.
it's symbiosis because the kid provides for you when you're senile and such.
Many such cases!
Let's steal all the names Thal has ever come up with as a troll.
Puns enough at last.
You can't take dibs on a cape name, you can only hide it and protect it from others.
What's the best name a WD cape who has a secret/obfuscated power has had?
$roll 1d6 Cashy is a random number generator without bias.
See?
Cashy has no will, so you're correct, Dolyn.
what's a good name for a female brute that's not taken and isn't a joke
The Hard.
Heroic. Preferably non-mythological.
Nothing in particular comes to mind for vibe.
Qart-Hadast.
Tsarina.
Wards age.
idk, bio-brute.
Clash Princess.
More teen trying to be mature than tween with a kiddy name.
Not edgy.
Delenda?
mid-timeskip so maybe not az
i said not a pun name
Bellatrix would be really good if not for a certain author.
It's got to be taken, though.

Scythia?
Scythia is a place.
No different than naming yourself Alexandria, which was also a real place (actually like fifty of them).
Scythia seems like it would work, actually. They may have been the inspiration for the Amazons, too.
Gibraltar is Spain.
smdh.
Yeah.
A Cauldron cape.
what the. tuzi is becoming a villain in sicol bend? say it isn't so.
Dongz.
Thighz.
Jagged, sharp Dame"
Thick, corded Princess" Actually these are cool.
Probably skin and clothing?
Hopefully in that order.
which is better: Beatdown Princess or Princess Beatdown?
disagree
Slingslinger.
Kingslinger.
Dingalinger.
Tubes is right, this is all Saff's fault. *said without reading a single log*
Is it fun to blame tubes?
Or perhaps it is because you are actually responsible and wish to redirect responsibility?
Not if they died because of her incompetence.
Jagged, sharp Sister
make a Cauldron app for a female Brute and submit it next time you get in a game
Princess Pound
Wallop Women
Teller's character is also a big meanie.
Teller is Director March.
He dies horrifically at the hands of Leviathan.
Teller, did anything in particular inspire Director March?
Khandhas (AKA Richard Harey, AKA Candy Ass)
Ignore Faustus, Never Stop Posting.
He feels like the exact opposite of Sonderman in a lot of ways.
Oh?
The main reason I felt like he was the exact opposite of Sonderman is mostly his approach to his employees. Sonderman's much more "where they are right now is pretty much where they are, I can't change that, I can either channel it constructively or get rid of them," whereas March is more "do what I say how I say it, I'm the boss."
Another point of contrast is that Sonderman is not a big meanie." True.
rip
Yes, it is a coincidence, as ATM is a random number generator.
FuckZero, the new r/incels poster
"The Sister of Spunk."
Spunk, my new Ward character.
"Spunk, it means courage or determination. Maybe Princess Spunk or something."
is it just me or does jst $refresh work as fast as $refresh cards?
updates from the spreadsheet
I feel like most characters have a single word for their name, whereas madlibs stuff only really works for the two-word people.
or compound words like malfire
You'd just make a big dumb list of mythological figures, monsters, adjectives, and nouns.
Xarox, the copying.
*copier
Thebes is long dead.
>implying that showing up to an Endbringer fight like you just got out of bed isn't the most alpha move imaginable.
consider this: it'd be really cool if somebody died because of you but no law would convict you.
Bath Boy died because of Saff though.
Probably.
Rude.
lol: "Three Snake | Master - Summons three snakes."
magic isn't real
hth
what's best for a potential cauldron cape: a paragraph writeup, a character sheet, one of those full-page app forms, or a snapshot of their life with their thoughts on display.
I like the app forms aesthetically but I've generally noticed that with a little effort you can basically condense everything important to a paragraph
Yeah, the way I've done it for paragraphs is to make the full concept in a charsheet or an app, then strip it down to the most important background points and the most important personality points.
at least I think I had a charsheet for Lumen. hm.
I'm pretty sure I did expand and then strip down though.
Owned.
*so far.
March was a dick to Goldenrod so I feel more bad about her being dead.
I get the feeling she'd be put in the asylum" why wold she be put in the asylum
that was the only one, you donut" minions aren't capes.
Yeah I killed him. And I'd do it again! You'd do it too, if you knew how annoying he was.
Parahumans have good lawyers who tell them to get judges instead of a jury.
Yes.
Easily.
For example, you could post like Jygg, except with a lisp.
Thath'd only bthe an accethory to murder, and nobody careth about accethory in wormverthe. See?
He is.
AQ has bad teeth and Cwn killed Coldhand, got it.
I can't maul enough children! I need to break through this barrier!
... Traps. I should have thought about traps..." I think about traps constantly.
I wasn't sleep-deprived when I posted that.
Soda, that way it dries and leaves them and their clothes with disgusting syrupy residue all over them.
wow. who are you to call anyone a lameo
so you ded or no
only to die at my hands when i get in indie. a shame.
tragic that it will be one of his last acts before i get in indie and kill him.
I don't feel like I did a good enough job in Sicol Bend, it's really ambiguous how much at fault I was, I want something crystal clear.
actually in order to be considered legally alive you have to be in this chat, that's why i idle here 24/7 on two different computers.
*died
I didn't click it.
But now I shall.
He basically dared me to.
I feel like, while those questions are valid, writing your actual rulebook with chapters titled "What is your game about?" "How does it go about doing that?" "What behaviors does it reward?" and "Why is that fun?" is a bit silly.
You can do that fairly simply without the chapters that make it explicit.
It's good because you can only use the skill cap moves once per game regardless of # of players, which if you only had one it'd be really easy to lose all your skill cap moves because you're both hitmen.
I do think the chargen system should probably be less extreme to players who diversify a bit. I'd probably do like, one point per rank, but the fifth rank's free once you buy the fourth, and you get 9-10 points. That way, you're still rewarded for going all-in but diversity isn't a totally miserable trap choice.
I'd either do that or just make the 1/5 dichotomy a solid rule.
Pick three you're good at and done.
Does it still produce Durable, layered Sister?
I see it does.
Phantom Hole sounds like a fun gal.
Very well. *presents a legal document containing his lawsuit*
I'm suing you for bad legal advice when you told me to sue you.
And why am I not doing it correctly? Your low quality legal counsel.
For example, you could panhandle in front of a bank or something and then when they try to have security remove you, you use your powers to stop them.
bankrobbers don't steal that much money.
well if you didn't want to be passive you should have been a supervillain.
Good idea Faust. That's my next character concept.
I'd do that as a joke, in which the punchline is that I make my experience and the GM's worse by doing it.
>not hand-crafting a waifu the first time you get a Tinker, no matter what powerset you get
no they're called wives and they will steal your soul
oh panda's alive
another dead member comes back to life. is this the apocalypse?
Bel's been alive for a while now.
You'd probably know that if you hadn't died.
troperism isn't a race
It means you have severe brain damage from browsing TVTropes and/or /tg/.
I believe you can do it, I just hate the word "comfydark."
It's not actually dark, it's like, supernatural horror elements but they're goofy and fun.
that seems like a big leap
why don't you try practicing what you preach
Phantom Hole is the best, actually.
pen testing is a hacking thing, calm down
I don't really.
terrible
You don't need mother may I crap to swap suits mid battle, just a briefcase.
He didn't do it with a box of scraps, also, he had like highly advanced missile technology available to disassemble.
Tinker tables are good for skipping to the Tinker having some kind of setup in place and maybe being a bit established. If you want to get in the weeds on setup, they're not really useful.
But doing Tinkering in your home and progressing forward is also very different from trying to do something in the middle of a firefight, in that if you fuck up somehow you don't necessarily lose or die.
rip nick
my laptop
My laptop and my desktop are both at home, I just have both open because I have terminal Online.
None. Jack from Fight Club.
Khepridice has very few similarities to Weaver Dice from what I saw of it. Not just in terms of clipping out the rules for skills, it even changes the core resolution mechanic.
it's always quiet here.
Yes.
sure
Has game programmed for tomorrow, just got call "reminding" me of birthday party of little cousin (in the 'you better be there' way)"
oh yeah pm him or something since he doesn't have pings on for some reason
sure
Architect Tinker?
I'm imagining some kind of situation where the parahuman plugs into a tech thing, but bases are a bit immobile and reactive, plus kind of something you want to build into rather than immediately start with.
Gets around the waning body by moving entirely into the tech sphere.
Oh, oh, idea, they have a coffin-esque Tinker device they build, and also some kind of production throughput for humanoid robots. Maybe start off having to make them by hand, or low-quality mass produced ones, and you sort of project your consciousness into a single robot. When it dies, you put another one out there, but ones that aren't running are basically completely inactive.
So the closer the inactive drones are to fighting, the more dangerous it is that enemies can break them.
Nah, it'd just be like, they sit around while you're not using them, so you just kind of keep track of numbers but really, you have a van with a bunch in the back and when the bad guys find the van they bust up all the inactive drones easily.
Sort of like a Transfiguration Brute by way of Architect Tinker.
Getting them on site, keeping them safe on site, etc. You could send them out one by one from your secret lair or w/e, minimizing risk of getting them all smushed, but then there's huge downtime between each new one.
Start off fairly meh, build up to low Brute?
Built-in gizmos to add some flavor.
Laser torch, jet boots, idk.
I wasn't super attached to a mega-base, I was imagining more like... a rapid production line that lets them make N drones per Y hours of labor, a coffin, and you build up from there, into an underground automated factory or something.

Oh, and if the drone is broken or something, they can hotswap to a new one in like, a round or so.
No, he's a fake mod.
It's all an elaborate illusion.
insulting to Tinkers
True.
Mass-produces drones she projects her consciousness into one at a time (to start with0.
*)
Looks about right.
Beyond needing to fill out the archetype bit more.
Messed up if true.
All cars are vehicles but not all vehicles are cars, tubes.
how can it not be that different and change to a d20 system
[19:09:19] * Azer has quit (Quit:  - A hand crafted IRC client)
It's definitely fun to run a game" not so fast
that's what i did in Dishonored 2
Yeah, it's even worse, because you're playing D&D.
i play a game with an objective alignment system and i get in a fight with my GM over my character's morality?? how it happen???
Hm?
the drama can be the other stuff though.
No.
yeah, schuyler is the villain and sonderman is the hero cleaning up his mess
here's a question: what campaign comes the closest to actually having a main character?
so i did a thing is internet meme for i'm about to post something and have SAD.
maybe schuyler was the mc of sicol bend before he asploded. like ned stark in Game of Thrones.
*begins to read* *gets to middle name* damn it didn't take long before I got to the point I don't have an answer for any of my characters.
he's talking about detroit i think
not sicol bend
who doesn't have an obsession in this fallen age
I was talking to JL when I said he's talking about detroit.
It is, yes.
if you're gonna take a personality test why not take an experimentally valid one like the five factor model or 16PF.
yeah but 16pf/big five are not garbage.
This is how cults start." No it's not.
Only the one.
$moderate cut cut
Here it would be the part specific damage for Torso, since both are 4s on a 2d4.
and torso came first so that's the target zone i guess
$moderate cut cut
here head, same #.
$moderate cut cut
here, ugh. these really make a pain for stuff like that.
I'd just do the Torso wound here to keep things going.
Basically, behind the screens, for rolls like this, Cashy rolls 1d6, determining wound location, then 1d4, determining exact wound type. When it says 2d4 twice, it's referring to how you do it without Cashy - which would be to roll 1d6, then roll 2d4 twice and take the higher number (so, e.g. you'd roll a 6, that hits head, then you roll 2d4 twice, 2 and 4, you do the head damage for a 4 which is Sliced).
For cashy rolls to keep things moving just roll twice and take the higher number, keeping in mind that Part is a 4 (and also a 3 for mod bash).
oh and it's backwards for choose lowest obviously
I'mma edit it to "attacker chooses" and "defender chooses" since mod bash is flipped around for some reason.
worst thing is 1
most are labeled but just roll twice and let the attacker/defender choose. I edited choose highest to attacker chooses and choose lowest to defender chooses.
you just count down from the top, with parts each getting their own count.
Yes.
to the head - 1: demolished, 2: walloped, 3: skull crack, 4: k.o.
to the torso - 1: demolished, 2: walloped, 3: broken rib, 4: internally injured. etc.
Few do.
rip
for armor.
bein a filled in slot
hey who's up for some genning
i missed everything after anhero posted.
the pregen doc
I'd just like a few more, round the numbers out a bit.

Categories?
Themes, then?
I'd prefer a less strongly Master manifestation - I don't mind Tell's idea of abstract minions - but the pregen doc has a good number of Masters already, and it's an easy well to draw from.
I don't think it's really Tinker at all. There's no long term problem here, it's a sudden shock.
I can see Changer, yeah.
The Cephali are space squids if that helps.
space squids have a long pedigree going back to H.G. Wells.
genning for this trigger iri: 
fucking christ my stupid pos router keeps randomly restarting.
last thing I saw was "G-Guys it's just me. Carl."

well maybe the leader believed the lies
Idea: Thinker whose Thinker mode distorts their perception of the natural environ severely, into an alien environ. Inside that environment, they have "minions" that don't interact normally but the parahuman can see through, and that can give bonuses by grappling/twining together with people or other targets.
Ehhh. Way too GM fiat-y.
oh my god
Cape fires a light beam at a target, turning the target into a 'beacon'. The beacon projects an alien image of an ethereal, ghost-like entity that causes differing negative emotions(confusion, paranoia, fear) to others in a vicinity to the beacon. The affected 'beacon' is left in a dazed, sleep-walker like state but any damage reverts them back 
to their normal faculties and ends the illusion."
just flavor mostly
sure you're not thinking of the hit character from Sonic Adventure 2 Battle?
reading ur posts
oh no, not a character who is too invested.
No?
Burn or Rend, depending.
idr, look at the moderate rend wounds and see if they look right
Hm. Not really sure about this power - thoughts? 
rip
oh somebody clicked it
don't think so
Power as a whole or just Web?
the end of the world
I know.
My router keeps resetting for no real reason.
$trigger 15
Wasn't this used? Pink in some game Vern abandoned?
Can't, was a million years ago.
I remember... flakes? Fairy? Breaker primary? Got, umm, shell and it manifested as an armor pip I think.
I don't stick knives in people, Druza." Maybe you should.
just give him like a +1 or +2 bonus to to-hit or something.
$roll 1d2
Should I?
Not sure that's true. CoGo.
The Case 53 "Fool" removes skills, suggesting not all deviants have none.
Grey Boy can't use a VCR but that might be him.
well some of them is from other planets
it's Firlz though
what if the highest power cape is also in the biggest org
like in San Josafat Quest, the strongest cape was Kasureru (asplode stuff on touch, sort of a flashier Deep-Six) and he led the Bomei-sha, which had the most parahumans.
all of the ways
you could say, e.g., "Coil/Accord type," which carries less connotations than "local-Coil."
isn't that d22
that's not what he was asking saff
Most vials give an idea of what mutation is associated with them, Trico.
i was busy elsewhere and also my internet kept going out, are my guys doing better than last time in Sicol Bend?
Luck isn't real so the unfeeling dicebot gets spiteful. That way Lexi can roll sixes.
we're about to win
ganbatte
the prt is losing to think tank.
i dunno, it's not looking good well
i'll trade cwn for bath boy
Hey. I'm not there.
I suck at leading. Getting it right.
to be fair it looks like we were about to win until The 800 grabbed Fireback, who I didn't have any info on.
name one fight i've lost tubes. that's right. you can't.
I wasn't fighting Deep-Six.
I guess Cocoon lost a fight.
You can do it in PMs, Powder.
smdh
Nach will kill her for her crimes against Bath Boy.
Behead Those Who Abandon Bath Boy.
True, if you have to fight an Endbringer, you wanna fight Leviathan." I want to fight the Simurgh.
did my last message go through
yes
having your brain fucked with by the simurgh is an excuse for my favorite thing: acting like a neurotic, narcissistic, hyper-aggressive jerk to people.
iirc i made all the powers in laconia so i'm also excited
pc powers
nine times out of ten you'd be right
anti had the breaker/trump right
then i made all three powers. nick's is the best tho
Last edit was on November 20, 2016.
smdh
august 1st not 1st of august you aussie
everyone in indie is dead now so we've got a good chance of getting in.
nothing
i made it up
morning anti
wow so i'm not even everyone else.
i'm joking
Grim Mirror came from me thinking "what would be an A-Class Stranger power?"

yeah, you did.
Sure, I'll do it.
Yeah, that's the idea, Well. I actually wrote it with a gun user in mind since part of the dynamic is supposed to be that you can do wicked cool trick shots where you shoot through walls.
anyway I gave them a Blaster secondary that pens through a single wall.
how about they redirect attention to someone else. /s
I like the idea of a fragile Stranger effect you don't actually want to penetrate because if you do it turns them into a dangerous monster, but I'm not sure how one would implement it.
hm, well, they can turn on their own.
I'd either make there be a clear rule on what breaks the mold (taking damage, people get Wits rolls each round, etc) or keep the option to transform on their own. Otherwise it would possibly get annoying where you want to break out but the GM doesn't.
*doesn't think you should
Anyway, as long as the player can voluntarily enter the form it's fine with me. What can they do once they're in it?
think cg is writing it up atm
My only major concern is monster form doesn't really have much active to do other than run around and slash people.
Kind of, but it's mostly activated alongside stuff you'd be doing anyway.
I'd maybe give it a big, telegraphed attack?
when i get in Indie I'll be sure to call you Gauss III instead, tubes.
Sure he's not Protectorate? "Campanile, Brazier, Shuffle and Gauss will be a short distance away, but they won’t engage unless this goes belly-up.  This is your show.  You and the Wards."
he's probably not even dead at this point
maybe if you apologize enough he'll come back to life.
you don't.
whenever bath boy isn't on screen, everyone should be asking: "Where's Bath Boy?"
not my fault he fucking got impaled with rubble" I mean... it... literally is.
Yes.
besides, it's Cwn, her life's not worth that much in the first place.
My first thought when Slither died was regret, and only then did I worry about Melange. I guess we can see who the better person is.
she liked you and I was concerned it'd be a serious issue.
indie's running
[in the Taken voice] Good luck.
maybe if you were on you would get to
someone trying to hug you is worse than being shanked imo.
is opt the one who accidentally refreshes kiwiirc when his connection bugs out without first C&Ping logs or am I thinking of someone else

rip dashy
nor did tuzi
Twilight Sparkle is way after the point of divergence, though.
Evie was Metamorphose, Lily is Cocoon.
i had an alibi, i was starting fights in the slums at that point.
I choose to believe it was.
in a text medium?
he quit claw
It's taken, CG is just a dirty copyright infringer.
Tinkers, more like Dinkers.
well we don't see "you control X animal species" either, because it can wind up feeling like "Miss Militia but X" or "Skitter but X"
there are, though, some Changer or Striker variants who manifest weapons or armor of an appropriate element/construction.
I suggested a Trump/Changer-type thing for some Trump trigger then cannibalized it for Rose in the pregen doc.
It's not a Changer, it's a Striker/Trump.
the Changer version was like the Armor/Weapon options for RNG, but with a Changer-generated armor/weapons with some # of options I think. Has the same "random option, but you can't spam it so there's not temptation to sit there rolling the dice to swap to something better and die that way like Thal did."
with some # of upgrades/etc thing for the weapons/armor.
is the eating them back thing a perk you got, Valence, or was it just added to the power for playability?
(It's a good mod.)
What would you rather your flesh minion taste like?" Potato chips.
I'm the WD combat king" That's me actually.
oh so communism is bad now.
Nah.
Hm. Does anyone in setting set up private funds to pay out to people that show up to Endbringer fights? It seems like it would be a good idea.
i'm thinking more like a formal charity that basically treats paras as volunteer aid workers.
Not really.
no, they see plenty enough of them while awake
actally being insane is cool now
maybe he self-identifies as non-human.
You don't really want to know.
melange x ravel with the vore tag?
as she is eaten
I like Kablam!" Never forget the exclamation point.
herself
at least this isn't my falut
i didn't order them to maim themselves.
he'll shrink eventually, the fact that he grabbed Fireback implies that grappling/binding/foaming does, in fact, stop him from growing.
Is this what winning looks like?
DeWitt's apparently a mild precog, also.
No, since I don't read logs.
Thal, there is a big truck that comes around every Tuesday to everyone's house to collect sculptures of Melange and take them to a big pile of sculptures.
If she was ugly on the inside as well, she wouldn't have very much going for her." Being strong as fuck in a world full of shit.
her power apparently tears up whatever gets in it, as you just learned when you got torn pu.
*up
Glitter and confetti, imo.
teller is trying to steal my win from me (/jk)
in a twist of fate, both lose.
Let him use his most important muscle: his brain.
i did it
we did it
gj everybody
You probably shouldn't try swooping down on your players like a hawk." Uwa, don't do this, don't do that, what a nancy.
her power or her personality
she's a big dumb-dumb.
This was a triumph.
I think so.
Everything's coming up PRT.
what the heck
do not conspire to let these guys out come on
i took these guys captive fair and square ;_;
I risked Ravel's life!
I won't throw you in the bird cage for ruining my day.
On the upside, we can blame The 800 for the destruction of the theatre. After all, he fell into it, not Melange.
They might not even be in the city. I decided after D6 to send my next batch off.
He's in jail now, that's the best kind of prevention.
Not too late for all the other theatres he would have destroyed.
His very name calls to mind his disdain for the property of others!
nothing has happened while you were gone, we put all our games and stuff on hold waiting for you to return.
depends
I don't remember where WD was at eight months ago, honestly.
We stopped making as many crappy or curb-stomp-y powers.
oh yeah, this is new i suppose: 
rip dashy
i made them for quick one-shots and such
I said as many.
I dunno, do we have any as bad as... uhh... Clarity?
Curb stomp-y being more like "instawin" or "total perm invuln" stuff.
Not "has no significant advantage."
it's p late forr me
he's the guy we constantly mention from, uhhh, berlin. yeah. berlin. we always - shit he's a different guy.
rip
iri would probably know.

goddammit, the lack of blushy ruins the timing on the joke.
dashy i mean
that key no longer works on my laptop. messed up.
|/
that is actually the perfect time to be scrolled up.
here's the trick: they're all actually terrible characters, you just don't realize it because you can't see their sheets.
I actually find checking my sheet to be helpful when I'm at a crossroads and not quite sure what I should do.
*is offered parley by his enemy* I don't know, what would my character do? *looks at sheet* Hm. Ah, here it is. "Acts like an aggressive ass at every opportunity." I attack.
emy is a real jerk
thebiggest thing to avoid in a character is someone who's really passive and reactive and doesn't have anything to motivate them to be interesting. imo. and my o is the correct o.
and don't join the fucking prt" i'm gonna join the prt with my next character just for that.
fonud this old thing: 
my recommendation when you're trying to come up with a character is to think of a kind of elf, and then just play your character as that elf but don't tell anybody.
for example, nachzehrer is a dark elf - matriarchal, violent, and cutthroat - while cocoon is more of a wood elf, flighty and capricious.
Sonderman is a high elf.
what about being a total ass to everyone else at the PRT
what you should have done was kill that dude and eat his heart. imo.
the spice is good
nothin personnel... kid.
so anti?" Sounds more like Cogo tbqh.
He fell asleep in Melange?
I choose what shape she is.
what isn't wrong with shades? his name, his style, his personality...
that makes him pathetic, not good.
it's like schuyler.
To be unfair, actually, Gwyn was entirely responsible.
Nick, Lysa: Hello~o
did i miss anything
good thing i'm almost always here so you don't have to put it on hold much.
$roll 1d6 I actually am Nonagon
see?
$roll 1d6 the proletariat's authority
so damn true.
so damn true." whenever O\\\O is back.
he stole it from sonderman
>good >writing >logs
My tick is the use of letters to form words and words to form sentences.
My tick[sic] is the use of letters to form words and words to form sentences.
i'll [sic] you.
yikes.
look out, we got a badass here.
he stole it from sonderman
I know the context.
i'll name my next character supergirl
Commissar Chill.
Commander Chill.
Commander Cold
Frigid Bitch
fuck frigid bitch is my charname if i ever roll ice powers
name him Freeza
so damn true.
I think it's the presence of the $roll command.
so damn true.
he gave away the rights freely, perosa.
Drawing and quartering.
being burned at the stake
drinking gold is too expensive
like a mold
or some type of cancerous growth
[in the Rorschach voice] I'm not as the same page as you, you're on the same page as me!
boom. mic drop.
call cauldron?
it occurred to me for the duration of your meeting, which was very strange since i wasn't anywhere near it.
Have the IRL players you're considering running read Worm?" Just read one billion words of homework before playing the game.
Sorry, 1.68 million.
I mean, it's a good story, but it's definitely not optimized to be the Earth-Bet World Supplement for Weaver Dice.
roll for mutations/luck.
now i know not to hit ally with saff. foolish to reveal your moves in advance.
Even though AQ has spent 2 years of doing shit, that doesn't magically mean that she's now a super specialist at everything." Are you sure? One of Sidezero's players has a very convincing argument to the contrary I think.
what power did the guy who died in phoenix have, and what power did he roll to replace it?
Catapult? Cool.
you'd have to be able to leanr from your mistakes to level up" Boom. Mic drop.
i doubt that is what would happen
yes?
i've got a couple cauldron apps lying around
By that extension, I'm guessing there's a chance for a player cape to end up a Case 53?" Yes, it's about 100 historically speaking.
yours
the fire spider guy from some ded campaign whoms name i forget
it used to be more common because people did it on purpose and it was easy to stack up to a huge chance to mutate
Regretting your heinous murder, Nick?
$seen Enneagon
A good question.
Was the server outage four days ago?
$seen Non|Nach*
yeah, didn't clear because of the server reset.
it's messed up that nick murdered serk irl and stole his identity and game.
Feint still goes to school.
but maybe it should be
who was the guy who walked in frront of a bullet to second trigger
plebes. try getting cauldron because your daddy's rich.
it sounds like a turribl power
I'd never pick balance because I trust basically nobody here to make a generally slightly worse power that wasn't shit.
I'd never pick balance because I trust basically nobody here to make a generally slightly worse power that wasn't shit.
me
oh you mean in game
Wow, I get left out of your pitch, Bel?
I'm the pain in your neck, I'm the crick in your spine,
I'm the prettiest.
Immy is an ugly bitch.
Yeah, it's spinster territory.
Christmas Cake And Then Some
There is. It's around 440 characters.
People generally do line breaks because: a) they want the linebreaks for stylistic reasons; b) they're writing multiple lines over time, giving the GM the opportunity to cut in; or c) they have a long post and it needs linebreaks so they try to fit them in sentences.
trigger idea: 
heart-rending, I know.
can't wait for lily to break up with her husband and find out evie is dead
When she realizes how fucked up she was?" I dunno. Depends on how she learns about it I suppose.
you should bring back anti just to kill him again
hey. lily is a good girl.
it's that "Nicest girl you'll ever meet / Twisted fucking psychopath" image but with twins.
I'm gonna steal the spotlight from everybody else by beating up everyone I can find.
Hey, I beat up a Mover 8, solo, on like, my second outing, and I'm cocky as hell from being in a manic episode.
hey. numbers are numbers.
That sounds like something that isn't my problem.
Can, have, and did.
what about all the teens he gave drugs to? does their suffering not matter?
that was an accident
not my fault
San Raul is an island?!
Ah.
Question, how do people usually handle generating strangers? I feel like they're very Feast or Famine for the most part" Don't make a power that's feast or famine. Let it do something even if you're spotted.
Only distract/disorient/demoralize type Stranger powers can really avoid feast or famine.
without tapping into other cats
$classes
yes.
I don't think the rules changed so much as the principles of design. Honestly, if anything, the rules have kind of gotten worse by escalating non-powered ability levels.
well, non-powered offense levels. defense is probably worse now.
or at least aronud the same
christians say that too
Oh, since Anti's dead, can CG tell me what his power's hiding side effect was?
yeah he rolled the "your power's gonna fuck you down the line" thing right? But he's dead now so there's no "down the line." I guess it could still be set to explode though.
how's that different from him without powers
boom. mic drop.
what was anti's luck again. it was power acting against you and...?
Easy perks.
how's that different from him without powers
Nex and mentally ill.
maybe now that evie's dead lily can join the elite
. o O (Pretend to be Evie to join the Elite.)
The only one that was really fucked up was Thal dying" what about all those people evie killed tho
how come thal didn't name her character handjob.
letting a vote decide... smdh.
participating in an election... smdh.
sorry, it's really more like a referendum.
avoiding... hurting... people? I don't understand...
d&d (3e) basically invented insanely long character creation by forcing you to plot out your character's entire lifepath at level 1.
congrats.
rip apex
No, I printed it out and then ripped it pu.
read indianapolis
I notice the majority of weaver dice cauldron vials tend to be much less risky than those that canon does or even WBs campaign did" Uhh... no. Exactly the opposite actually.
Canon numbers for Battery were like 3-4% mutation, I think a tenth of that C53 level? And I had a 5% chance of serious mutation because WB just uses flat 5% since that's the rules (which I think are right), whereas a lot of Cauldron rolls elsewhere let you stack up stupidly high risks like 20 or 30%.
are they
are they really
C53s off the top of my head: Sveta, Weld, the Custodian I guess, boy with missing bits? Cauldron capes off the top of my head: Alexandria, Eidolon, Legend, Triumph, Battery, Sundancer, Trickster, Perdition, Genesis, Ballistic, Noelle/Echidna, Canary.
sounds like players need to step up their game, then.
also it's a corrupted sample because people used to jam up their mutation risk through the roof. still do, kinda.
well if they used RAW it'd be impossible. alas.
iirc your skeleman's mutation odds were like 1 in 5
Yummy is around?
Dark Templar.
Dark Templarette.
Shadow the Hedgehogette.
Nyarlathotette.
Nyarla-Thot
Just 911, then say "It's about capes?"" 911 is emergency dispatch. Fire Department, EMT, and Police are not the same organization.
it should be banned to submit trump triggers to draft pools.
it's more the triggers than the power results
Master power create a fleshy, humanoid minion that moves like a wolf or other canid. Can temporarily imbue with (Ice/Crystal/Scrap) element, with a touch. Tinker to cybernetically alter. Ehh.
Not all powers are created equal/s (if PvP is something you want to do, tweak it a little to balance, but Trumps are always going to dominate in PvP anyway)" Not really?
Modular campaign is pretty close to done, I think. I just need to make more detailed scenarios and have prebuilt statlines for the important NPCs." Curious how you've structured it.
Hire armed hitmen to shoot people in the back of the head if they quit running.
Hitmen aren't actually that expensive, the problem is 100% of the online ones are cops.
if it's more one shots like what Well does I think that's easier for newbie GMs to slip in/out of. Means no grand campaign, though.
Who cares if you're a Tinker?" tinker tables often suggest that you have varying results based on dice roll so
not maz's though
if you don't want people to do things don't reward them for doing them imo
ABLB - always be lowering Brawn.
dammit i was trying to figure out how to make that joke
do you regret that you said you would carry that meme to your death
he means bath boy, proving he forgot him already.
sounds like the guy just tried to pull Gobbet's trick and she's enforcing her patent.
you did.
leviathan is just a force of nature. it's like throwing somebody off a cliff and being surprised when gravity kills them.
cruel of you to physically grasp his body and impale him on rubble just so you could claim that you'd done all you could and he was now dead.
thought that was pretty messed up when i read it in the logs.
kill him
I've actually been thinking of a way to help prevent murder in WD. Mental guts checks to see if the char can actually go through with it and subsequent Morale penalties. " If I Did It I'd just have it slap you with a morale penalty and a tick of negative rep barring (conditions).
No reason to roll for it.
I don't think rule violations that aren't Evie going ham tend to really be a situation where you'd roll, more that death's not that hard to inflict accidentally.
most GMs tend to cut you slack and give a chance for the guy to surrender IME, but the rules as written it's pretty easy to just kill somebody pretty much by accident.
wearing shades and a trenchcoat i assume.
does it.
putting that mechanic on killing clunks it up.
'bow did it with apex.
that's in character because she shot Bath Boy in the back, boom.
I'm not sure I really like the change. Like, if you had an old style table with, say, 4 elements, 3 weapons, and 3 armor options, you have, maybe 14 things (different element effects for armor/weapon) to think about, in lists of 3-4. If you do it this way, you have 24 in two lists of 12, and you have to keep a lot more in your head at once.
did you forget to mark section d) on my tinker sheet teller
it just goes from c to e
Alternately: have sex with him.
it doesn't do anything
It was.
Knocking someone down is putting them off balance so they fall prone or supine. You can't knock somebody prone/supine off balance so they fall even more prone/supine.
most games that aren't fantasy heartbreakers don't have D&D's issues, since most games are either reactions to D&D (and therefore counter or correct its issues) or come from a completely different angle.
Party RPG play is more a social get together with your friends than one-on-one stuff.
"""Balanced"""
It's fun. 3e's a good system.
Not really.
I've never played it, but Valor looks like a really cool anime game from what of the book I've read. You build up Valor that gives boosts and crap by giving shonen anime speeches.
mechanically it's kind of like 4e D&D with Hero System-esque super customizable results-oriented chargen, but that's underselling it. They did a lot of nifty stuff to make trap builds very difficult to fall into, like you can use any stat as a defense, so you're never totally fucked for dumping something, but using the wrong stat carries costs (e.g. Agility takes extra damage if you fail, Strength always takes ping damage).
I have one on my computer, yes.
It does have the issue (from my skimming) that a lot of modern systems do, which is trying to create a single set of rules to contain basically all noncombat actions, which is a dubious goal imo.
Ehh.
Having mechanics to represent and engage with the fact that my character is a master thief isn't that different from having ones to represent and engage with the fact that my character is a master swordsman.
I mean, Exalted 3e has a pretty sophisticated social system, and meaningfully and intentionally engaging with it feels more like actually trying to convince someone of something than just rolling dice and hoping for the best.
The games with the best social systems tend to make them have more bite and texture to them, to encourage and allow the kind of interactions the setting's about. e.g. Exalted's about finding and playing on intimacies because it's more about character's individual motivations and goals, Monsterhearts is about making other people miserable or horny because it's about teenagers, etc.

thanks
don't really see what's nice about tubes's anxiety.
no, complimenting my pregens is what's important.
hey hey hey let him keep going
jeez. rude.
that was mostly bow's idea, I just actualized it.
is there such a thing?
oh no, not too much free time. i would rather slave away at a job.
jealous much?
that's why he said top three, we can all imagine ourselves as number two after 'bow.
I think somebody actually rolled Mouser a while back, don't remember if it got played though.
Hm. They seem pretty alright to me - Stalker got a rewrite to make it more interesting in play, it was real strategic over tactical originally.
What would be your issues with them?
Is it? It's up to 3x attacks per round, and 3 pips ablative armor, without much set up required for the former, and none for the latter. That's a lot.
Mm. Could maybe make it a free action... technically it's not even stated whether it's attack or free action, and it's ambiguous.
Eh, I probably would've done it as an attack action, it was one of the original batch.
Original batch was Caretaker, Cueball (got a new trigger), Heirloom (gone), Husk, Kruos, Lacquer (gone for overlap with Ribcage and being ehn), Minefield, Mouser, Nettle, Ripple (gone), Shadowdancer (mild edits), Stalker (heavy revamp), Slipstream, Rose (total revamp basically), and Turtlebug (got a new trigger for similarity to Ribcage).
Yeah.
My concerns with the original batch were often more "avoid common pitfalls of type X" (e.g. boring Blasters, feast or famine Strangers) than "make a fun power," so a lot of them got ripped up or changed.
Or... well, you get what I mean, I hope.
Rose is muuuuch better for its changes. Original effects were a lot blander.
it's because few other characters rely on buildup in that way
most powers, if you're caught alone, back to a wall, unprepared, can operate about as good. like, from the pregens... Callous, Isolate, Launchpad, Minefield, Stalker, and Vortex are relatively weak if they don't choose when the fight starts but they're still pretty good. Marionette, Doldrum, Grim Mirror, those are the only ones other than the Tinkers that take a huge hit from being caught unprepared.
also they're all Masters. coincidence?
Hit Vitals is death.
he fucking ripped up in Well's oneshot iirc.
now i want to make a power that sucks when caught completely offguard but isn't Tinker or Master. hm.
the only thing that Horn Lord should get is a one way ticket to prison.
he was betrayed by saff
Aim, Sneak, Awareness.
i'm not sure that should be a trigger, actually.
any +1 is a +1d but otherwise yes.
the actual one to dump is dex iirc.
it's rarely rolled spontaneously and you can use Brawn for attack rolls instead.
well, I dump Brawn all the time but I play only female characters.
brawn's a deece dump stat
6 skill pips, 3 skills
to prevent buying first pip 6x
except threaten which has /other for something totally different.
I think all WD campaigns have many different skeletons. I certainly hope so, anyway.
Maybe not Eugene.
Somebody rolled a chimeric trigger at some point. Dunno what power it got. Probably not good since it was a long time ago.
only owning a flip phone has given me incredible power.
only owning a flip phone has given me incredible power. 
no phone games, no facebook, no twitter. i grow stronger with each passing day.
I have such power that I have never had a facebook.
shocking
nice. way to abuse your mod powers to bold stuff.
oh it isn't any more, yay.
tubes, don't ruin it for everybody else
Police Department.
(Pact Dice.)
what if they offer you it for cheap
err
what if they offer the shitty, cheap drugs
Submission for one of what?
@Claw: if i offered you feces would you thank me for that.
it's free!
oh, are you running? uh, generally people will ask for logs of representative/good RP if they ask for anything.
Generally people create the character after getting the power genned.
I prefer the latter, as a genner I feel like the paragraph-ish length of a trigger is about the sweet spot.
Most of the real fun of WD is dunking on noobs though.
uhh, present company excluded.
Yeah, generally.
Dungeon World?! *begins shooting everyone in sight as that word is my kill switch*
nah
it is cargo cult PbtA design and cargo cult fantasy heartbreaker design
it's fine
I don't think GMing is for me, really.
at least, not the 1-on-1 style
yeah you'd just play a werewolf and pick up a couple moves from vampire sheet.
XD
you just have everybody leave it
Always Dump Brawn.
1/1/1/1/1/1/1/1 Illiterate Culture Gap Destitute
>tfw yo go into the cauldron discord just to ctrl+f pregen and soak up the praise
"The empire, long divided, must unite; long united, must divide. Thus it has ever been"
the praise is mostly from the man with a bunch of airplanes as his name though
cauldron discord is different from khepridice innit
we only make fun of khepridice afaik
having now actually clicked in it for the first time, irc is so much better than discord, i <3 simple designs
i think it's like how when you're really rich you can't distinguish between the middle class and the poor, and when you're really poor you can't distinguish between the middle class and the rich. and obvious #WeaverDice is the really rich people in this example
yeah, it's insane how butt ug- aesthetically displeasing discord is.
upside is i don't have to idle there to quietly archive everything anyone says about me
Good.
Or perhaps bad. Depending on what's one's point of view.
do they play games on the discord, i don't see a game channel or anythin
do they talk about me in the rp channel
maybe discord's more of an ass about channels than irc.
search pregen
you can do like in:#rp or something
rip
yeah there's nothing there. i am done with my ego-stroking then.
one of those guys said i should have called Parrymaster Riposte, and you know what? He's objectively wrong.
the pregen guy whose power makes him really good at parrying.
obviously you reflect them on your katana's mirror edge. duh.
the pregen doc names aren't final, i don't think anybody's played one using the actual name.
i guess when sidezero was shoveling them into phoenix he used their names
i dunno if i'd give petal throne a Brute 8.
it's not japan flavored
you could use a baseball bat for it
i want to round out the capes to an even sixty but my last four were good shit. i should just steal powers i made for other people's capes and stick them on there. i'll take nick's multi from laconia, saff's master/changer monster bitch, uhh. i know i've made other good powers at some point.
oh, fire gorilla
fire gorilla and ravel
necromorph duplicator
nah
eh. ravel got cannibalized into Marionette, maybe I'll do something similar with that power.
+ i've already got two multi brutes even if nick's is really good
nah
pretty bland, has a similar trump gimmick to shell, and I have 8 Breakers on a list of 54 capes
i need some damn strangers.
yeah?
Ah.
makes sense, then.
i have done some great breakers, thinking about it. Slither. the tasmanian devil guy iri played in cayo whomse name i forget.
no she was good while alive.
she was a good girl while alive, with a good power.
then she died, ruining it.
$npc stranger
$roll 2d100
lemme find it sidezero, it was a good one.
had a real clever gimmick

is that little red thing on the discord icon mean anything
yeah it does but it does it for every channel making it annoying rather than useful
i forgot the name of lucadore (?)
your tasmanian devil breaker
guess i remembered then
that was your guy right
who had the tasmanian devil guy
Ah, that sounds right.
sure
Seems fine. I'd cut the opening down a bit, though - the general concept informs the trigger, but you could definitely carve everything up to "a new school to repeat" down into 1-2 sentences.
looking for thoughts on these semi-WIP powers: 
Yeah.
Idea is sort of, put up marks in preparation for a fight, lure/separate individuals into them to disable.
Making it just LoS is a lot easier to run than tracking who's in/not in range. -1 and -1d is strong but not really impenetrable.
disadvantage, 2l6
Do Basilisk/Enchantress feel like they're thematically too close?
what's the PC word for witch nowadays
like if you're a pagan who casts curses
what do they call their religious tradition. neopagan? wicca?
idea for cape name for Enchantress: Witch With A Capital B.
"Witch" for short.
Or B-Witch.
her power has nothing to do with sand, well, get real.
thoughts on triggers for the powers? 
True.
& basilisk?
Mm, issue is the whole power focuses on totally shutting them down, counterplay's a bit limited with that.
not for long. *shoots u*
She's basically innocent. Her only crime was committing all of those crimes.
She's basically innocent. Her only crime was committing all of those crimes." Too true, me. Too true.
what's the trigger
some kind of sneaky dagger master name. Rogue, if it weren't taken.
Grim Mirror from the pregens is me trying to make an A-Class Stranger.
having fun fulv?
Grim Mirror was my shot at making a (potentially) A-Class Stranger power, if you missed it.
maybe a big fuckoff open gang fight, no powers involved.
for the multi.
Calrissa, the name of my next total conquest Mount & Blade character.
can you even have a 1.5 triple trigger. wouldn't itbe like a triple trigger then one guy double triggers.
$roll 1d6-1 (Social)
rip
Foolish.
sex appeal isn't charming, it's being sexy. it's the skill version of the attractive perk.
they're generally on the inside though.
I don't really like the combo 4 vials thing.
As a genner, it's a huge pain to try to combo four distinct effects in a way that meshes together AND draws off the character in question. If it were just one or two, it'd be much easier to get something reflecting the character's particular self. Also nobody's scared of 25% mutation chance and seem to welcome it.
sexed up: 
no... no!
For picking them out, I prefer the new vials, where they're all 5% and there's maybe a single vial to add on. It feels much more like you're picking out a power, instead of just pretending to be at an all you can eat buffet of mutating chalk dust. I don't really like the star rating thing where everybody shits on your concept and gives you bad vials as punishment though.
well it's the basic purpose of the star rating thing
even with a 3 (?) I didn't really like it.
's in the rulebook
p sure it still is
Lumen was Cauldron with star rating thing.
& yeah it's still in the rules.

click the link
it should be no stars, 5% only, 2 vial max, final destination.
i really like greysteil actually, it's like six different powers where individually any of them would be fine, but add them together, and bam. insane and stupid.
Breaker who just inhabits and reshapes a big area and is basically a ghost.
iirc
$join WDCharmCity
$join #WDCharmCity
sure
$roll 1d6-1 Social
requiescat in pace
it's probably your internet, both my pc and linux computers are running hexchat right now just fine
whoa. it being possible and it being lethal are two entirely different questions, lurks.
this is why i say we should kill everyone who's younger than me.
$roll 1d6-1 Social
Yeah, I wasn't happy about the destruction of the theatre, but now that I know that one of Ahna's friends was trying to use it? I can say it's good.
I don't think Sonderman drinks coffee.
my character in Sicol Bend
she's a former parahuman scientist played by me
that's her power
the secrets of twin telepathy revealed.
the PRT welcomes all parahumans interested. *ships you off to the Madison containment zone*
look at this garbage: "Jun 05 14:19:55 <Nonagon>	Am thinking of grotesque, gorilla-like Changer form, with some lesser minions for a Master power. Weak little chimps, maybe" "Jun 05 13:22:14 <Nonagon>	continuous scream has [bad effect] in close range, while screaming, controls and directs a wind current that he can use to murk people."
Jan 13 18:46:55 <Nonagon>	Stranger effects grants +1 Stealth; can move through difficult to maneuver spaces, at least an inch on one side; line-focused projectiles suffer a -4 to to-hit (versus sweeping ones, e.g. flamethrower, certain Blaster powers). Power disrupted by being struck, attack action to reestablish. Has awareness of people focused on them, gains a bonus dice to close-quarters fighting (dodge, melee attacks) with such people.
>tfw you realize that Pioneer is blind now because Ravel is cursed
You literally have the ruin the team flaw. I should have known better!
*sends Ravel to join Asbestos and Asworstos's team*
Oof.
E88's an American operation.
$classes
trigger vet: 
Sure. Though the horse and lance should have similar, mm, thematics? Like, holographic stuff, or cybernetic stuff, or whatever.
How annoying do you think this power would wind up in play, for the GM? 
the gibson?
like this
Anyway after googling it I'm sure that supercomputers like that are probably monitored by Watchdog.
also that it was like four people, one of whom's power was "hack every computer" and another one's whose power was "I win."
What if you cut out the remote hacking, but leave the rest?
I don't think Computers 5 works like that Thal.
tell me which, if any of these, you think are good: 
with words I guess.
Not huge range, needs to be pretty close. A block, tops, maybe?
Luminary's half-finished, it should really have some kind of "base" power that declines over the round somehow.
Having Techno have a few base commands (off, switch mode, hold, etc) would probably be good.
I favor Techno because of how open ended it is, as a counterpoint to the 'few base commands' idea. Probably my favorite of the bunch conceptually, but Spire and Luminary are better fleshed out and easier to fit into most WD scenarios."
"I have a small gripe with a lance doing Moderate Cut wounds, but all things considered the wound effects fit fine." fine, it's a halberd
He's a, uhh *checks* Complex Thinker. Two Thinker powers that are interrelated.
needs a good secondary.
Here's a challenge, what kind of trigger would make this power: 
That works pretty well.
fuck what makes a trump eight
Dubious canonicity.

for the above power
wow, you don't know if the triggeree was an asshole or not.
Can you?
almost
does this Kate have powers
does this Kate did powers?
ooo baby now this is a trigger: 
think so, can't remember it specifically though.
Maybe.
Rolling on the moderate Wound chart for effect, then flipping a coin.
Crits are basically just more flavorful "die" effects.
It's meant to be recursive, pretty sure.
Not Mod Shocks, though.
Well, it can give Lesser.
Crits are basically the very thin line before instakill. They're hyper-specialized.
Crawler's power or mutation list probably includes "survive all effects that would cause instant death, or inflict death sentence" somewhere in there.
Counts as 3 Mods, and doesn't heal naturally.
What would be an example?
Oh, and Crit pierces armor.
That's the main difference. Mods also kill a little faster than Lessers KO.
because the Guts DC is higher
Oh, you mean on the defending end. Yeah, I just assume those guys have some kind of defense.
Generally, yeah. That's plenty enough for most purposes.
More force = more speed of blow. Though the effect is probably too big.
It definitely is though.
Reach is the most important characteristic of a melee weapon, and a superstrong person can wield weapons with way higher effective reaches.
Most reach weapons have a small "danger zone" of the axe or whatever. A 10' broadsword can be entirely danger zone.
Hey, Anti, you think my next Brute can have a 10' broadsword?
If a super strong Brute's attack carries more force, it has to move faster, which means there's less time to dodge, and the fact that it carries more force means it's harder to block.
Unless the Brute weighs a ton, which they generally don't.
It's obviously an abstraction, but I don't think it's an insane one, beyond the fact that +3 Brawn means I basically always hit.
Applies the same if you're punching - fist moves faster. Otherwise it's just a normal punch.
Then it's just a normal punch.
I mean, you could have a Brute whose strength is just lifting, but that implies that their punches don't do more damage.
I mean, either a) a Brute's punch packs no more wallop, b) their punch is faster, or c) they weigh more.
It's perfectly viable to have a Brute who doesn't have mega-punch.
I think the Brute doc was a huge help on varying Brutes.
Start taking a dump in front of her.
Yeah, it's a lot easier to make a Brute who has an interesting weakpoint, than a Brute who has an interesting active suite.
Once you strip away the things a PC power needs power gen becomes almost trivial really.
isn't his active suite multitrig stuff though
"I want to fuck Slipstream" - Anti, at some point, iirc.
discussing good brutes
I like Brutes that are the types that aren't just +Brawn +Defense
Malfire.
Lensdoc.
Epidermis.
Lenore's the Rift Trump/Stranger, right?
Mistral/Screen was real good. Force field spam.
Cocoon can get fucking dumb with stacking shit.
He became invincible.
Brawn 7, 15' reach, iirc.
Oh and he flew.
Could you give me a sampling of Skitterdice capes?
I'd be inclined to assume they're stronger because the power level here is compressed a bit to a roughly 3-7 range.
Though there's more perfect effects in WD capes.
In terms of powers, though?
Epidermis kills him.
that guy sounds like he was already a 1.5 trigger tbqh.
that sounds like a lame power.
Do you have Pit Bull's power writeup, Faust?
Ah.
I mean, sure, it's more interesting to see how the person in question uses them, but the question is about who's stronger.
I don't think Bone Knight had a bullshit trigger, I think people are too loathe to make powers that fix trigger issues (at least for physical triggers).
wow. okay. i'm feeling very attacked right now.
She was a hemokinetic who made Blaster powers. Presumably she had a low-grade Blaster power when she couldn't copy anybody.
It's not really a straight copy. Like she mimicked Khandhas, I think, who's a Breaker (Master) with five dupes, she made a spear with five points or something.
Stuff like that, anyways.
I think that honestly, moderated power levels of capes are more reflective of a thoughtful approach to design. You can design big uber capes who mutilate everything trivially, but there's a line between doing that on purpose and doing it on accident. WD has mostly moved past doing it on accident, I feel. If that makes sense.
None of these sound familiar to me.
Oh, yeah.
There's no official guidelines on power gen.
wow. what am i.
It's this whole issue of attempting to express a million little lessons in text. Which is certainly possible but not easy or really even done, beyond kinda the Power Generation Guide I wrote. And from a different direction, the example Tinker making thing 'bow wrote in the Tinkers doc.
"also how do I make it not boring and shitty in play".
NPCs you can give trash to though.
No, Mishie, not done.
Actual guidance on how to make them have fun?
It's like saying, "well, just make the RPG system fun, balanced, and easy to learn." Oh okay then.
No?
I think there's plenty of stuff that doesn't necessarily seem unfun until play. Like you hate blink teleporters.
What makes an "uninteresting blink teleporter" uninteresting? I don't think it's obvious, especially to someone who's literally just starting out.
Or wacky super random power. Sounds fun! Then you play it and it's basically hit button something happens iunno what, probably bad.
Each one of those questions has inobvious answers on both how to accomplish them, and what can screw them up. I don't think that distilling collective learning of what's fun and what's bad/shitty can boil down to a few simple questions. It's easy to misappraise those questions. I don't think anybody making Beholder or Verdict thought "This'll be a huge bitch for the GM to run, gahaha, owned stupid GM."
You literally said "done" first time you posted them.
Some players pair off. RIP Evie.
My twin sister died before she could betray me and got reincarnated as the PRT Director?! <- title of Lily's LN
Often it doesn't even get to the "play once" stage.
We also stopped doing that a while back, so it's hard to remember.
name is familiar
If you count my pregen doc as genned but unused powers, the coolest power I've made but is yet unused is Hotswap, followed by Rose, Ribcage, and Revenant. Grim Mirror and Isolate were NPC'd in Phoenix so they don't count.
Oh, Mark of Cain is badass too but will probably never be used.

Trump/Blaster/Striker with six different weapons they can swap between, each with varying effects/uses.
Miss Militia with a smaller but weirder portfolia.
*portfolio
auto-pbined
oh yeah for some godforsaken reason that shit site doesn't automatically turn on wordwrap.
I think it's got enough variety to work for a PC power. I don't think you'd really get a situation where you spammed one, other than maybe a situation where you can pull off the Death Arrow And Run gambit.
I liked Lumen and Calamity for mine. Nice double meanings for both.
I liked where Anti was going with it: 
same as making any other costume?
it's in the equipment section
Tier of costume = # of points to spend buying things. Skin = +1 point. Minor qualities = 2 for 1 point. Negative qualities = buy ONE minor quality by picking it up.
yes
oh did the gen complete
with a Tinker, more than the spec, the big issue for a newbie at genning would be the tables (or guidelines for loadout, or whatever).
Fuck, I really wanna play a frost-themed parahuman named Snowflake now.
Probably not very often.
don't see why not
running wd tabletop.
They all play one of a split personality Master/Breaker.
did that actually run?
I don't even know why I did this in retrospect: 
I can't even use it for the pregen doc because there's already two multitrigger Brutes.
wow.
oh, on, that wasn't at you, that was at Faust.
*no
I'd hold an intervention if I actually cared"
saying it like that implies you don't care because you don't care about me
I did this:  . I think I'm gonna replace Frostbite from the pregens with Rex, and also KO Shadowdancer since it kinda sucks.
wow.
used 228
Nonverbal autist would be Social 1, I think, assuming that's what your talking about. Mute would be whatever, really.
tell him "boo"
the regular, boring kind, that are just people with prosthetics.
I expect all RPGs to be bad.
pro: insanely popular
con: the setting's magic system is not so much inconsistent as a bloated mess, BUT not quite so much of a bloated mess that players can just make up whatever dumb shit they feel like.
as a pathfinder supplement
I actually never say that.
or be a d10.
how does pactdice resolve magic, actually, since it also has a futzy bs magic system.
how are you planning to handle magic as a mechanic
wands have personalities
Not really what I meant. Do you plan to have a spell list? Or is it more like a given spell type has a given degree of breadth and you're assumed to know enough to make any particular effect? Or players make up or steal a few spells in their category?
it's an irc
is this power write-up clear enough? the power seems straightforward in my head but it comes out rather mushy. 
I accidentally a claused.
Should be "Minion can only have one object or individual inside it at a time and must disgorge its current captive to absorb a new one."
Feet, that's what ' means.
No, but they don't do a whole lot, since they're intangible.
Just serve as focuses for the annoying noise effect.
Yes, that's the intent.
not a lot. Doesn't seem very useful though, unless I'm missing something.
Yeah, that needs to be defined, but that's not really the weird/ambiguous bit of the power.
Well... it wouldn't be very useful, would be very obvious, and wouldn't accomplish much barring grenade shenanigans and the like.
I mean you need rabid attack dogs first but then fine.
Yeah. Kinda. Through crack in door or window or similar. Not through flat wall.
can't eat the Master, obviously.
Motorcycle-ish max size.
how would the master give orders if he's been eaten.
find and beat up the master
Yeah, need to add range/control method.
I mean you can do that anyway.
Mebbe can still escape the grasp once in it, like it was a grapple.
Don't want something ~too~ complex to track, is the issue.
I think he means more it impacts how you use the ability. e.g. the power above, with versus without control over disgorging - you could use it as a "gimme a gun" thing with direct control, but if it's preset, they're not nearly as useful for that kind of storage.
So you consider it primarily a stranger, nona?" Minions only do effect, no damage, to the point they're kinda an esoterically targeted non-damaging Blaster power and are useful for bypassing locked doors/etc, so yeah.
shield as in object floating around them or as in personal force field?
Yeah then not one of those.
phoenix
me, a few weeks ago: boom, two cool stranger powers, like a snap. me, now: uhh. iunno. turns into a flat thing and wriggles around on the ground.
the power to tell when people within LoS are looking at him.
teleports out of line of sight and can tell whenever someone looks at him
australians aren't a race
well i guess aborigines are but they probably don't care how many us are in color (zero)
hey, don't blame me. blame The 800.
Do not be mean to Melange.
tfw you make a power and it's really cool and you want to play it but you don't get to make your own powers.
i don't think that works as well with normies.
especially when she's not aesthetically pleasing.
what's the point of pr if normies don't like her
i've got a pr specialist for that stuff and she mostly just cries about Melange.
Why, what did you do?
Aren't you dead, and also have the House of Cards flaw but as a person instead of as a character?
yeah, but like... schuyler. evie. cody. not filling me with confidence as a potential team member.
wow. you kidnap one person to sell into slavery and all of the sudden.
i miss anything
Uhh is it just me or did Google take down the Tinkers doc?
 <- should be it
do you still have access to the page's content to copy/etc?
google is even more evil than i already thought they were
The kind of thing you only say if you feel a deep urge to be evil all the time but try (and fail) to restrain it.
it's not kill any more

yay for PRT murder or yay for Tinkers
uh oh is val gonna murder some PRT sqauddies?
yes
$join #PactDiceRefuge
it's wits versus wits. a lot of the time gms just assign it arbitrarily though.
I tried/read Masks, it's, mm... well, I expected "Monsterhearts, with superhero teens," and it's not rally that at all.
its feel is bad.
imo
at least it's not Dungeon World :V
Dungeon World: "Hey, what if we made a PbtA system, but had no idea what made Apocalypse World work as a system, and also used the FUCKING D&D stats."
is that even allowed
my group played Monsterhearts like six times in a row until we got sick of it.
six campaigns in a row, i mean
what skin you got
wow. the lamest skin. shoulda picked Mortal.
literally it's probably the worst skin. everything else has a bunch of hooks, Queen forces you to make your own.
yeah, they come from your gang - which you define the hooks for.
Disparate situation of "who you are" versus "what you want to be" ties into both body and social context.
"You want it to be one way... but it's the other way." The trigger.
Similarly with no Cauldron, how would Parahuman culture develop into cape culture?" It probably would not, unless there was a seed infusion of capes from Bet or something.
Would ISIS fall? ISIS and similar orgs are basically designed to suck up people with little less to lose and a lot of grudges to meet out.
*little left
Why wouldn't you give them the nice stuff?
I would raise his paycheck, sure.
So because he's become a much much more valuable resource, I should kill him?
All dictatorships are pyramid chart looting schemes. Give Joe Nobody a higher position in the pyramid. You have to pay somebody off to run a government, might as well be the guy who fires laser beams from his eyes.
Well that's an entirely different question, of who wins between YPG/ISIS/SDF/Assad.
to which the answer is the kurds
$join #wdbrentwood
the trigger event of being sneaky pete
i would not make a teleporter with that power as it is a) very common and b) not interesting in practice.
otherwise, some random Stranger trigger, literally any of them.
it's not very good even with one.
there was a multi in Bogota who had the unobserved teleporting as one of four powers
con man getting angry at his partner for breaking in a prisoner's dilemma situation. partner got the teleport thing.
aight what do y'all think of this power: 
Wilbdow has.
the trigger from this:  . didn't have a very good gen when it got made originally.
Not really.
Though I dunno about the angel theme." Wish you were dead + wings/flight/etc as inversion of immobility.
Eh, I needed some theming, that was what I came up with.
You'll find that you can go to prison.
"I never tried to attack anyone. There's no such thing as 'try.' Only do, and do not."
I think Antioch made such a thing, but fuck if I could find it for you, it was months ago. San Raul's logs have dice rolls but not generally reasoning.
Before we switched to the new way of handling filling in triggers I wrote like a hundred to buoy the number of possible ones up.
A year? Maybe?
What is like a game, but not a game? A Vern game.
holy shit
I wouldn't be confident about getting her off, all that anxiety probably makes it pretty hard.
think that was spellspin.
Virtually nobody in Bet would think about Riley that way.
It's understandable that, as outside observers, often readers think about her that way. However she is a horrific sadistic torturer who has done a ton of insane shit without Jack Slash pressing a knife up against the back of her head.
you can't spell sympathetic without pathetic.
It used to be you just posted them here then eventually added them to the sheet.
I'll hope the opposite so I can get a win.
pretty sure you're supposed to specify.
That actually should be more of a thing. It's like, superpowers are hard on clothing." Manton effect.
Sundancer's clothes don't set on fire.
Because getting naked in the middle of every fight is goofy.
group WD seems like you would wreck shit
He did it RL.
I think he just heavily implied it.
i don't think there's either in sicol bend" >no objectivists in Sicol Bend >ignoring Thinktank
. o O ( I wonder if Ember is working with the Brotherhood, thus them destroying the MRI machine and targeting a hospital in particular. )
they all look the same to me.
then why the highly specific timetable and shit.
asbestos and asbesteros
asbestestos and asworstestos
they all look the same to me.
Epidermis (invulnerable Breaker state) and I went up against a (Master?) pair of people in power armor who automatically reverted damage to the less harmed one.
We did.
damaged both simultaneously
Worked around the weakness, mostly.
Either of us could hurt them, but they'd just flash heal.

Generally those kinds of fights resolve around weaknesses - Epidermis's pseudo-time limit, the twins getting double-teamed, etc. Not around "can Deep-Six memory hole Slither while she's fully intangible" stuff.
I don't have any really cool ideas or anything. Corporate teams aren't super explored, I guess?
Too many superpowers. Make a city with no capes.
The Elite and the Fallen appear some places. Well, not sure the Fallen actually appeared, but they were gonna in Wichita.
They tend to post here.
that's the point, tbh
If somebody's not here regularly enough to see a message you post every three hours for a couple days, then it's probably going to be a pain to get them in game, even if they don't flake.
(big if, there)
On a weekly time scale, sure, iff you say "3PM EST Saturdays if you can't be there reliably don't join" and are ready to drop people who don't show up to the first session.
Most sessions tend to be more "are you free man?" "I dunno, are you free?"
Yeah.
Blitz seems like it would be a good one, as does Bulletproof.
Or could do a mix (of two, please do not mix four).
 <- vials tab

You roll for them. Should decide the power first, though.
Issue with Cauldron gen without a given character in mind is the variant stuff (e.g. element of shields) is harder. Roll for it, or?
e.g. element off 
Forms shaped area of compressed, anaerobic air, moving it around. Hidden from sight/perception, area gets stronger/tougher as high-damage attacks are absorbed by the effect, but becomes more visible. At high levels of stocked charge, useful as a melee weapon, smothering and grasping people, fitting around them. Air can be released as a high-intensity blast, causing burns and asphyxiation.
there's a command to do it
$commands
It's $mutate
Damn. That's not even a C53. You're free to go.
Just have him roll again.
Sum of both or just this one?
Well, the other's just some funny hair and skin.
Parahuman looks like they're missing their legs, but actually the legs are detached and float nearby, slightly increased melee range for kicks, immune to effects from "ground damage".
C53 gen.
"For the individual Case 53’s circumstances, roll a 1d22 and see the result, then roll 1d4 for luck type, but roll twice on the list for that perk/flaw (ie. 2d47) and pick the option most fitting to the character."
Eh.
He rolled two life perks and picked the one that fit best.
The geared up skill bonus.
"They win."
Numberman and Contessa need stats as much as Eidolon and Alexandria, which is to say, not at all.
Or it happens on the 0.01% of circumstances the normal human has a chance.
He has a chance because her power can't model him and has to use her own model of him, which is pretty accurate but not pitch-perfect like its model of everything else in the universe.
kill your family
Hm? What are you implying?
I need a crappy active secondary for a Changer state that's kind of meh. Somewhat enhanced climbing, running, senses, and natural claws. Feline themed right now, though I could change that up. Should be something on that level.
Their "primary" is parasites from breath/claws that are slow-acting (hours) but incredibly disabling, and they can track people they've clawed. So those are all too close.
they've infected, I should say.
maybe a really telegraphed lunge...
Huh. I think... there might not be a telegraphed attack in all of the Pregens. That's weird.
I guess Warphole.

Maybe?
what's the team for?
Yeah, that's fair, re: lunge.
c&c: 
you say that about every cape
Human size, mostly humanlike. Maybe should make that clearer.
"werecat," not straight jaguar deal.
Hm, that's an interesting question.
Much easier to use the breath if you can do it as a civive.
*civvie
"In their Changer state, the parahuman also serves as the vector for an airborne and bloodborne parasite, specially tailored just to them. The simplest ways for them to infect an individual are being face to face with them for a minute (typically talking) via breath, or inflicting at least one Wound to a target with their claws. Other more esoteric vectors work as well, but the parasites won't live more than a minute outside a living body." ?
yeah
turns into a moose and speaks moose.
Yeah, I'm offering a power for the trigger. Duh.
you didn't link it right spellspin
Whoa. That's a bit forward.
doesn't look like
I have #other open and you didn't say anything in the past 17 minutes other than asking if your messages came through.
Also TS/Obscura is down too apparently.
what rules would change though.
'bow has exclusive access to the docs.
Same power, roll luck separately, is how it's been done.
Including at least once with 'bow's involvement.
Same or similar.
Still need a trigger event.
If your identical twin gets murderganked and triggers but you're at the grocery store then I don't think you get a power.
S9000 had variant powers, pretty sure, because their triggers were off a step often. Grey Boy's confirmed.
The clone's power is different.
But yeah, my twin in San Raul had Subruo but I didn't have any power flaws/perks.
+ bow made that power
what luck did you guys get again? I remember you got Minerva.
... Traps. I should have thought about traps..." I think about traps constantly.
This game would be nigh-unplayable without [ATM]." Not unplayable but ATM has definitely allowed people to do things really easily that would be much tougher without it.
Counting up to twenty four along irregular slots ftw.
Can someone give me some advice at assigning in game numbers to powers?" It depends on the power.
Yeah, a lot of the time you don't need to stat them up, just do whatever makes sense in the moment.
For NPCs, you can get away with handwaving lots of parts of their power. Avoid making the powers have a lot to track. Prefer active stuff they can use constantly, active stuff they can use once, and passive stuff that applies alongside normal moves/actions (e.g. +10' move speed, regen on downing foe), because it's easier to track than stuff that ramps up or dies down like Lung or Purity or whatever.
NPCs can have secret weaknesses to an extent PCs can't, like they're vulnerable to electricity or whatever.
eseehcipeht olleh
Are parahumans formally barred from holding public office or is it more like you have to disclose and nobody would vote for one?
The concern would probably be more that he has some secondary mind control type power.
519,682 in the US alone.
I had the idea for a trigger with some kind of elected official (probably low tier given the <30 age bracket of paras) getting some kind of career ending secret thrown out into the void, triggering, then triggering again because maybe%i it wasn't totally over before but now it definitely is.
gdi
apparently using %i for italics is case sensitive
contemplating if parahumans are allowed to serve in public office.
Mine uses %capitalI
But I had to manually turn it on.
PC?
oh god
Pink did something insane like that in Detroit I think.
It was a secondary, I think.
I dunno.
probably not if you're going to have three of them.
Oh, just for the bodysuit.
How much of an effect a bodysuit has would be weighed against the other parts of the loadout.
Basically, Tinker with a full loadout should be around the level of a multitrigger? Less good individual "powers", but more of them.
Depends on what, if any, part is emphasized.
choking or drowning?
Drowning: there are no rules. Choking: they're under grappling pretty sure. "Force Brawn vs. Guts roll.  If successful, penalize their Athletics by 1 and prohibit them from speaking for one round.  Points lost in this way return at a rate of 1 per round spent resting."
Seems fair.
Generally I think asphyxiation's been handled as a stacking Ath penalty in combat (-1 each round) but that is in combat. Out of combat, you need to be like cement shoes'd or power'd or something to choke to death, really.
Low Guts is deadly.
Dammit, I have a really cool idea for a Cauldron app but it's weird enough that I don't even know how to do it.
lemme finish writing it up
Basically, lesbian is married to an independent hero (probably also Cauldron) who's playing a fairly important role as a peacekeeper in [city] that Cauldron cares about. Wife dies in circumstances that don't leave a body, there's a crime wave in the aftermath, the character decides to try to buy powers herself to pretend to be her dead wife's hero identity.
Issue is that a) she'd buy the same vial/combo as dead wife (so I can't put "Brute stuff"), and b) defines a bunch of stuff in setting.
I miss anything?
RPing is a lot like writing except on a timer and people have no standards.
So many violated blood oaths...
#WDSicolBend and #WDSanRaul have good archives that aren't quite as intimidating as Cleveland's raw bulk.
ofc I don't actually read logs.
alright somebody make a campaign specifically so I can play this dumb concept: 
hm?
none of your puns make sense to me
Hm?
Maybe it was a really slow rising effect or whoever did it is dead or something.
I mean can you really fake being a dead Brute/Tinker with a similar powerset, AND also throw in some kind of temp invuln vial or whatever?
the redactions are because I don't want to put too much in stone for the hypothetical GM.
or godmode a vial combo
there: "After some discussion, she seemed amenable to the possibility of adding a small dose of a secondary vial intended to counter the effect that killed her late wife."
added: "Subject’s primary goal is to continue her late wife’s work of bettering their community, out of a sense of loyalty. Revenge does not seem to be a primary motivator, though she is not averse to taking it should the opportunity present itself - views her wife’s death in a more “risk of the lifestyle” fashion than the responsibility of a specific bad actor."
Hm. Charm 3 gives you a spec AND a +1 to Dec/Neg/Pres, Deception 3 gives you a spec OR a +1 to Charm/Neg/Threat. Intentional?
I think the milestone guide is a little more semi-canon / WIP?
Indie is 2012.
lol at the idea of paying firefighters on commission
what do you do if there are no fires for a while so your firefighters all quit because they have no money.
and US english is correct as the US is the more powerful nation.
might makes right (grammar).
It has always been used to mean either for literally hundreds of years.
Not abused. That's what the word means.
Skynet and Glados were both good.
as in part of the Fallen, the gang?
 was posted on SB/SV or something
it's obviously the chick that Ravel saw
Yes. I know the name.
At least one.
Thatem.
*That is a shame.
thievery
literally the first eight words of the Thievery skill's description: "+1 to rolls made for sleight of hand"
He decided to pretend that he was Horn Lord.
my vague outline of a power gen guide that works better than my current one, with accompanying example gen: 
wow. way to not recognize what is obviously an illusion by Cassette. /s
I rarely kill people.
ah shit. should have been, "I don't always kill people. But when I do, it's more than all of Thal's characters combined."
that's a trap, he's trying to get you killed like AA.
It can always be made worse.
all of 'em.
gen ongoing?
I'm not really a fan of either.
oh what's the time-freeze-blink?
missed that
I dunno. They all feel pretty meh. Movers are like Blasters and Strikers in that they can be particularly bland variants on "attack, attack" if you don't direct it or add something to it. These are just kinda, "move, hit people with attack on exit point or with your fist or whatever, repeat."
The options aren't competing though. You have two actions in a round, only one of which can be an attack.
Move is an action.
partial actions is the normal kind of actions. full actions are the unusual type.
it also adds a lot of complexity with the RNG in a way that doesn't benefit the player's ability to make choices or anything.
I generally don't believe in "it's balanced because the really OP effect only happens some of the time."
Yes, but that's dependent on the effect not being OP in the first place. An effect that wins the fight 50% of the time is really lame.
guess not
anyway I have to go now so figure it out however.
Wait, what's this for?
We generally use $used for oneshots and similar.
Yes.

I have THUSANDS of capes. okay more like a couple hundred.
alright, let me help you. how many you need.
so when you get a wound, you roll d4 for hit location and then d4 for wound effect?" It's a d6 for location, 'bow has not moved it to the new gameplay doc.
Generally turn order is just whoever starts the fight really.
Maybe a Wits roll if it's ambiguouus.
no, arm, leg, torso, torso, torso, head, iirc order.
yeah
'bow really should migrate it.
Up at the top of the Wounds section somewhere.
Yeah. d4 for for effect.
Count down from top, if they're separated for body part then ignore the other body parts when counting.
Err, count up from top.
It can matter for flavor.
Or certain costume parts. But generally not.
Burn gets used for cold damage and roadburn type stuff too. I think with exceptions for the DoT?
acid is definitely done as burns
poison tends to be stat drain
Armor is basically a wound slot.
Certain wounds "get past" it.
Wound effects are case-by-case absorbed by armor, leaving no effect. Mostly absorbed. Knockback stuff still applies generally. It's not clear and you use logic basically.
Yeah.
Cauldron gives you more control, but normal gen, yeah. At most you might have a draft, which the Chargen section touches on. Gives you a little more control/veto power.
Yeah.
It's kind of like old school D&D straight down the line, your character is really heavily defined by what trigger/power you get.
and lucuk
*luck
Yeah.
A lot of GMs ignore that rule. It's probably the most ignored rule.
The issue is that with the thin health track, two Wounds per round is really high. It's about where the system can ~just~ take it. And if mundane weapons do two Wounds per round, then what do you do for a power that's specifically high damage? Three Wounds is a LOT of damage output.
It's not if you don't do extra attacks. It kind of is if you do.
Dex in a lot of systems handles both offense and defense. In WD in handles only offense, but also gets action economy to an extent, and action economy interference is always very powerful.
I don't think they're that bad, on their own, except this is a game with superpowers and those should be stronger than a sword.
Also it makes Dex a god stat again which I thought was the whole point of separating Dex and Ath in the first place.
They tend to be, but sometimes the option is do a ton of damage.
like in the Pregen doc there's a power that twists a ball of earth/wall/whatever into a cannon ball, and then throws it at people. It does 2x Moderate damage because of the prep time and because it's huge.
I think it had some AoE?
30'/action.
... it used to be part of the Stand Tall perk.
Or maybe not.
$luck strider
that's where it is.
this is my outline for a new version:  .
and here's the more chunky guide that'll probably get cannibalized a bit: 
it's plenty good for fights. you just don't use it for them.
so buy a crossbow.
Imp and Nice Guy are also impossibly good at sneaking.
Invisibility, warp-shape through objects, functionally dodge all attacks, and I think some minor Thinker power that gives bonus dice versus a chosen enemy.
nope
all projectile attacks, I mean.
Murderdeathkill
MDK Capes
I give up. What's FCker short for
Makes sense.
I liked Nick's answer better.
I don't think high mutation chance should correlate to high power.
a) It creates perverse incentives to stack a big pile of vials which I hate, and b) then it should be just as likely to be dogshit as good.
Players don't care about deviation risks like the character would.
(Which is why I really like that the current vials are pretty much just hard locked at 5%.)
One of the things I like about the vials in the detail generator is that there's no Balance vial, presumably because it's assumed to be incorporated into the dose appropriately to the formula.
Sure, I'm here.
Seems pretty heavily Breaker.
#61
Themes: blood, blindness (?), voices, vomiting, shaking, hallucinations, body betrayal, mocking, humiliation, drugs or lack thereof, mental illness (schizophrenia), mm.
Breaker state with feedback on true form, maybe?
Breaker state shivers/shakes/decoheres, the longer they're in it the more "duplicates" they get, but the more duplicates they create the worse it is when they reverse back to normal.
CG's sounds really passive. Well, I guess it'd depend on how much control they have.
trigger 61. you can PM cashy $trigger 61
rip
I was asked to repost this: "Themes: blood, blindness (?), voices, vomiting, shaking, hallucinations, body betrayal, mocking, humiliation, drugs or lack thereof, mental illness (schizophrenia), mm."
Honestly the person triggering doesn't exactly feel like they're particularly afraid.
Did we?
Breaker state intersects with a parallel world with [monsters], sends other people deeper into that world with contact rather than doing traditional damage?
I don't understand how that would work. Like how long is the time limit normally?
@Spellspin
It's more that if it's a few rounds then a "huge penalty" means that it instantly ends, if it's minutes or hours or something then why don't I just cycle it.
It sounds like a lot to keep track of - how many charges each person has, how many rounds it's been since the last time it's increased by 5', how many times it's been increased by 5', etc.
You aren't normally keeping track of any of those things, Mishie.
It seems good.
I don't see why the power should be particularly psychologically leaning. Not only do plenty of psychological triggers involve physical effects, but also, the person is literally retching and vomiting.
increment
lean on breaker in %
it's $breaker .8 or whatever.
just read it anyway, coward.
the end of the world
Yes.
Hm?
Do you?
some people do apps to see if people are compatible, but yeah, not necessary or anything.
Stranger 0 - Sometimes lies.
Tell me what categories you feel for this: 
quiet toda
*today
tell me what categories you feel for this trigger: 
For a PC, would you give a "braintape" type Tinker (sort of a Tinker version of a Resurrection Brute) a technomagic excuse to remember everything up until their death or have them RP not knowing how they died?
Something like, mechanical body sends back sensory data, when they die, the machine with the braintape replays it for the braintape before sliding it into a new body.
more than one shot per round? well you can use aim for barrage attacks i think.
iirc gunfighting is not very good.
Only the +1d parts ever seem at all worth it or liable to proc.
There are lots and lots of ways to compensate for that that don't involve making skills that are full of nigh-useless stuff. For example, a list of standard ranged attack penalties that include common combat conditions like "in melee" or "under fire/under attack."
Is the movement penalty listed literally anywhere but the Gunfight skill.
How would you mechanically handle a "Black Knight" type Brute power? For the power in question, the idea is that you should be effectively disabled at around the same point, maybe take a bit longer, but more like being mangled and still capable of crawling away rather than dead.
dead/unconscious.
I was thinking 2x Wound effects but doesn't KO on filling in last Wound slot, not sure that'd quite be right though.
Oh, that's an idea.
Wound Effects + roll (1 or 2)d3 (Brawn/Ath/Dex), but no actual Wound slots get filled in.
Not a whole lot. It's basically one "chassis" option for a Tinker/Brute, which heavily emphasizes utility. It's more like a flavor bit to keep up the Brute theme.
Yeah. Three options (plus a trash option for emergency), one techy that does stealthy and fucking with machines with the Black Knight bit, one bulky and slow with high armor/health, one lithe high-agility one that rolls with attacks to reduce their severity.
Most either don't make sense to obviate that way, or else aren't terribly strong in the first place.
gimme your thoughts: 
Shard lied and told you it would kill you for sure.
Well. "Lied."
Meh. Say it's body dysmorphia causing the suicidal behavior. Then when you no longer have a body it's all cleared up.
maybe the guy is really firmly on the "transporters kill you" side of the debate.
Was imagining the braintapes get refreshed each night or something when you "sleep" in your lab.
Not as in, it's been three months since you last died so you spend three months down.
Makes it easier for setting intro and storing logs and such.
Well, even a character with a Mover power might not want to leave, depending.
Not ~really~.
We have a bot here that grabs them from a list.
Anti rolled a grab bag for... Fort Town, I want to say? And Nick rolled one for Laconia.
I might be able to contribute or not, I'm kind of in the middle of something.
Firecracker's a Trump, not a grab bag.
Multitrigger.
Collection of unrelated powers.
Being lost (ish), being followed, being exhausted, damage to feet/sole, fear, physical isolation, unknown threat, broken glass.
Definitely Mover or Blaster.
frankly thinking you can walk five blocks without being murdered isn't really overconfidence, that's regular confidence.
Damage isn't very extreme. I'd lean towards Mover emphasis (rocket, probably) with maybe a shade of Brute or Blaster minor.
Don't get overly attached to a pile of categories, really. Pick one or two as emphasis points, use themes as guidance, and then slide the others in if/when appropriate.
I'm imagining a rocket forward (and potentially upward) Mover who leaves some kind of space-warping effect in their wake, making it hard to follow them and giving some other boosts (enemies in wake are very vulnerable to them, hard to shoot them through the wake, stuff like that).
It seems very passive in play. Move and shoot.
And a lot of shots are "random directions."
@Pink: That was kind of my idea with the rocket mover with space deform behind them, creates a topsy-turvy pseudomaze thing. Wits to navigate through, can't really shoot through, that kind of thing.
It's definitely better to do that than to stick with a bad power.
Ih
did you guys claim and increment for sapphyre's game
it was more directed at other people who should know
Loves you to death.
1/36.
That's not the ultimate form of man though.
Play to win. Sirlin dot net.
Danke.
Play to win.
does it mention that?
What's Zayden's power?
Debris Man.
debrisokinetic.
did you... not realize that?
I assumed you just were cutting your losses.
Dong Street
Dung Street? Dang Street?
not really a fan of how you get more flaws for surviving nex.
I'd be fine with it just clearing itself.
a lot of flaws really influence characterization.
I mean, I just rolled two flaws and got Ardeur and Emotionally Unstable. If Lily had rolled that after we survived Artisan, what then? I guess Lily kind of already has the latter because she's manic depressive, but I've written her on the assumption she's going to be in the manic episode for the length of San Raul, so I don't know how well that works.
The big thing for me is that taking on a flaw is generally something I'd associate with losing - suffering, being broken, having difficulties, failing, etc. But with Nex, you get them from winning, which makes it hard to mix into the narrative as easily.
You fight the Cyberdemon in the first level.
and then when you win you get a flaw.
I mean, if it said that if the victory was ambiguous or partial, then you roll a flaw, but I don't feel like Lily would feel bad or unsure about the Artisan thing or develop any coping mechanisms. Even leaving aside that she's manic.
Maybe when she passed out?
#MotorCity
everyone should quit their jobs and live as NEETs with no friends or social outings, so you can all game more.
why not.
isn't that more Stranger or maybe Blaster.
they don't seem very sweet to me
maybe i was busy
Instead of a middle name, just give him a middle initial. The "S"s in Ulysses S. Grant and Harry S. Truman don't stand for anything.
Lo, Unsaid Lube, I assume.
or perhaps Loud Alien Sub.
Snail Lube Duo? Loan Build Use? Also Undue Lib?
and nobody claimed or incremented for it. *angry moth noises*
pretty sure, yeah.
$trigger 63
$help claim
$help mover
Increment the classes involved, more to primaries than secondaries, by a total number of tenths (0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, etc) which sum to 1. Sometimes will just be $blaster 1 or similar.
I don't really understand the power so somebody else can increment and claim it.
it's $mover .6 $stranger .4 or what have you.
It only works in chat now I think.
It's $mover 0.6 or whatever, for the relevant categories.
it's contributing to an overall sum
$classes
Helps push triggers in a given direction, and highlights some issues if people are constantly genning this or that power.
You did.
Just checked a little bit ago.
They're supposed to be half the other cats.
I don't really get the power that much but yeah.
Sapphyre, I think.
$mover .6
$stranger .4
Once in a blue moon.
The worst way to become part of a game is to start one yourself, then kill it in two sessions.
You don't really need much system knowledge tbh.
Even if you want to run by the book, it's like... roll dice against each other? The combat's the most complex thing, and even that's mostly "roll against each other, roll $moderate cut if you hit" type stuff.
The core systems of WD are very simple. The most complex is probably Wounds, or maybe grappling (but that's quite situational). The system's designed more to have a simple, sleek core (roll dice against each other) which then has little things added on top of it, which I think works really well with how powers function mechanically (everyone has a unique, often somewhat complex, power)
what's up with Ko in San Raul?
Ko.
From the Protectorate Critical, DuBois interviewed xir.
He was picking between them.
Is Ko a Trump?
Interesting.
Yeah, that's what made me wonder if Ko was a Trump. Otherwise seems like a hard sell.
Maybe they would think you did it as a favor.
Sonderman would have wanted to pick Ko's brain, I think. Very obvious agent influence on behavior. As far as strategy goes, probably Ko too.
Nah, only two weeks.
@Anti
Now, agrudging and ceegrudging, on the other hand...
ah, the recruiting/flaking cycle
It ends when you finally get the non-flakes.
It's sort of like old-school straight down the line D&D, where what kind of character you play is something determined by random generation, rather than just always being able to roll a Drow Wizard or whatever.
Cauldron is the way to go if you want more control.
Play as an unpowered character.
isn't that in core
it's in core 3.5, not sure about 3e
Horn Lord died on his way back to his home planet.
time to respond: one hour twenty minutes.
maybe he wants to die ic as one of his characters.
You need to GM a game. Boom. Now you're playing the game.
Generally, yes.
There's also Cauldron capes, and drafts.
yes.
It's actually insanely dead constantly.
there's just hours and hours and hours of dead air. sometimes whole days where basically no one says anything.
No new games means few new gens.
wow. you don't recognize me. harsh.
I have no weakness.
Hello.
That's not Imp's trigger.
Wait until one starts/has slots open, or run your own, mostly.
which of these do you think is a better direction for teaching power gen:  or  ?
well the old guide was/is much more general.
I also feel like I got good at powers more by looking at them and examining them over and over again, not so much by e.g. discussion of what makes good powers.
well there's the old power gen guide as an outline
it's a joke
Not sure it's the same guy...
Campaigns generally steer clear of canon.
Bigger issue would be that a) every canon character would have stupid plot armor that's not fun to interact with, and b) you could make similar concepts but better fitting your campaign/setting.
Most often 2009-2010, since that's pre-canon enough to not worry about the shakeups that aren't really explored in canon and won't be until the print version of Worm is out, but not so close to canon that Echidna is likely to happen in the campaign.
Sometimes substantially earlier, sometimes 2011-2012.
He went around shooting people with punny names to death. His name? The Punisher.
Which seems like a better power?
Call down from the sky a massive weapon that sticks in the ground - very slow/telegraphed artillery. At a touch, a long strand attaches to the parahuman, and they can effectively fly around the object, with the strand applying an effect to opponents caught in the parahuman's path.
or
Summons a simple vehicle they ride, which fires some kind of blast emanating and attaching to an object or target and rapidly dragging the vehicle towards it, effectively telegraphing a higher powered followup attack. Shatters on collision.
Ah, thank you for your dissenting opin- wait a second...
It was created in 1954 so
too late I already reported you to scientology HQ and you'll be hearing from their lawyers soon.
Psychiatry.
You don't actually need rules for weapons because you just say "it deals X type of damage, appropriate to its shape."
I'm here. We generally do power gen in this channel.
You need a trigger first generally.
8? 10?
Blaster.
You can say he's had time to age up.
I'd lean on Blaster foremost. Maybe Breaker, or Mover. Themes?
Uncle's size, anthropophagy/cannibalism, locking up, baseless fear, locking self away, threat unable to attack directly.
Generates spikes/splinters/something from ground in chosen area, with delayed effect causing a crushing slam from above by an equivalent shape/mass, dealing severe damage to anybody who stays in that place.
Blasters often have a small AoE effect at points they hit.
Small, 5'x5' or something.
I was thinking the spikes would be made of [element], like, they toss a seed at point, it blooms into [ice/wood/iron/whatever] spikes, then other spikes materialize above it and slam down.
Implies effect, possibly.
Oh, meant more non-effecting Blast that hits the environ and then blooms.
There's the area denial element of the "bite." effect.
Probably a little weak, maybe a Mover secondary.
There is flying artillery capes in canon, but I have an idea.
Parahuman generates a simple white sphere that looks like paint, which they can "detonate" at their will after hurling it. If it hits a nonliving object (not costume/etc), when activated, gruesome, pearly jagged daggers and swords. After a round or two, a paired set of daggers/swords descend from above to crush anybody unfortunate enough to still be at the targeted zone. Blasts can be detonated mid-flight for a much-reduced damaging effect 
(small AoE weak explosion), but this can also be used to effectively kick the parahuman through the air, repetitively fired as a kind of detonated blast. On people/their armor, effect of blades is severely reduced, targets outward from flesh, more mobility restriction.
longer than I'd thought it be.
emerge from the "paint"
Tough? Metal sheets maybe.
I have to say, I fucking love that trigger" Thanks.
do they need one?
here, tell me what you think: 
Chosen direction for the kick should be away, really. Was thinking more using it in melee range when it's going to be chosen direction.
Because you throw them wherever.
Yes.
Otherwise how would they activate it in midair.
maybe not rends. cuts are guillotines. or maybe 2x cuts.
I think 2x Mod Cuts would be better.
Any other changes/notes?

k then
Woof.
roll $life flaw 2x
Hey, you've got Salutaris, you've got the power to get rid of flaws.
Which you're gonna need.
Ow.
And again.
Youch.
Fortunately, no changes need to be made to the power.
Generally power is set before luck, and changes only for power perks/flaws. Sometimes it might get changed if it's bad.
He can't do melee combat, he's fine at range and he's a Blaster with a sub-Mover.
PF38 LP72 LF75 LF62
it seems pretty clear to me
Oh, claim and increment.
What's the campaign?
what's the campaign??
We shall tell me what the campaign is so I can claim and increment.
$claim 72 Denver [Lid] Fires small globs of paint that explode into spikes at parahuman's volition.
$blaster .8
$mover .2
No, I'm replacing Saff with Sapph.
Sapp.
Stranger, Striker?
Themes?
oh, Changer, maybe?
they're not triggering from being suicidal, yeah.
Origami Stranger/Changer? Flattens body parts/self, wraps and constricts around people, slides through doors, makes reaching unarmed cutting attacks.
Hey, the invitation was +1.
_seen Sidezero
Rust or rush?
how does that tie into the trigger event?
Lots.
Surprise sudden melee attack, evoking the trigger?
terrible
sorry
It's very arbitrary and hard to play around.
It's trigger 47, CG.
depends.
/msg [ATM] $trigger 47
@Arcanilith
People who are already depressed and suicidal aren't generally much of a threat.
$help claim
you didn't do it right
The square brackets around Player_Name should be included.
If it's for a one-shot you should roll $used
Thrair
If christien_ is doing a one shot, used is preferable, yes.
Isn't Thepicheese in Denver, which is not a oneshot?
Thrair's gen is for christien_'s game, not Sapph's.
it's used 278, not trigger 53 or w/e, turnc
Mixed up.
THRAIR is in CHRISTIEN's ONESHOT. THEPICHEESE (whose gen is complete) is in SAPPHYRE's CAMPAIGN. THRAIR rolled a $trigger, but since it is a one-shot, he rerolled.
using $used
and got $used 278
Is Prim's power meant for that trigger?
Hm?
yeh inta
when's it end?
It's not December, I know because I still haven't paid rent for the month.
Not really?
a) You can assume her code is human-emulating, given she has personality traits like romantic attraction, anger, being mad about her limiters, etc, rather than being an alien intelligence, and b) shards are not philosophical beings, they're parasites (or symbiotic organisms, arguably) that attach to more creative forms of intelligence, and Dragon is a more creative form of intelligence.
Thoughts on this power concept: Expend actions charging the power up, to some upper limit, basically standing there and doing kamehameha. While power is charged, boosted speed. When they strike (or are hit, etc), charge is expended, but causes explosive damage.
No.
Bit much for what?
He's still all bruised up from what Teller did, and he still came out to help you guys out" You mean, what he did, by foolishly fighting Hops, who was on a mission of liberation.
it doesn't seem very Tinker
Having legs your whole life then having your legs chopped off isn't Tinker.
Is Taylor a Tinker?
Having legs your whole life then having your legs chopped off isn't Tinker.
Breaker seems fine. Maybe Brute or Shaker, depending on how bad you want to say the damage is.
how do you fight them?
is the power decided?
what is the power
It is highly recommended you make a pbin or summary of the power before luck so everyone's on the same page, I remember a gen where there were like three different ideas on what exactly the power was after we "agreed" about it and rolled luck.
30 seconds is way too long
The best mask is to be a shapeshifter.
$roll 2d100
I'm trying to come up with a good condition to gain stacks of movement/buildup for explosive damage. Concentration's pretty meh.
Uhh, noting that the two-item chains are chained together? Dunno how you wanted that to work.
Fuck it, I'll rearrange my Heat Conduit shit, roll quirks for two Absorbs.
$roll 2d8
Okay, there is now no more to do for the Tinker sheet.
$npc mover
Has there ever been a WD fight where Manton defenses meant neither side could really hurt each other with their primary power? e.g. two pyrokinetics have to use their secondaries or the situation because they're both immune to flame.
Wouldn't Tinkers typically not have Manton defenses?
Throw paint glob, splashes at target point. Can teleport to paint, or can use paint to manifest clawing vines. More Mover or Blaster?
Trying to fill out the pregens with some more Mover primaries.
thoughts on these? 
green = vines
Rolla rolla bill.
Same.
That's badass.
$roll 10d7
Go to hospitals?
I always go for straightforward plans and improvise.
thoughts on these powers? 
Hopefully better.
Good pick, iri, orphans don't have any parents to come after you to try to take revenge.
Don't turn on your power when your cell phone's in your pocket.
Remove all electronic devices before entering your pseudo-Breaker state.
It'd be really OP to be able to have Ath +4 and attack freely.
Maybe halve Ath bonus (+0/+1/+1/+2/+2), and make # of charges spent at the character's choice, between 1 and 3 each time?
I miss anything? Last thing I saw was "only wd wasteland"
It should be legalized.
>not just going into mobilebasic and tabbing through to check for links
he's a wee ba deeb dub out of a kaloo palang lang.
$npc striker
$npc blaster
everything.
bluh, thoughts on these Striker ideas? 
*through gritted teeth* I can make it to 100 powers. I can do it.
What's a "Bligelwer"?
On the Thinkers doc, "Example P. Fist Bligelwer" I assume it should be trigger but I'm not sure how you get to Bligelwer from trigger?
You need to punch him in the mouth, you get a power that lets you punch him in the mouth.
Okay, help me soup up this power concept: Breaker state, you turn into a kind of "elemental mote." A sphere, maybe six inches across, that's a gash on reality, shifting and whirring in air and tearing up what materials it can get to. Somewhat vulnerable, but high damage potential. The real schtick, though, is you can form torn up materials into a body around you, getting increasingly big and dangerous, with no clear upper limit. Then, 
something something else.
The specifics of how heavy the damage is/how quick it's applied/if it works on people or to the same extent are variable, ChuckWild.
Core/original idea was basically giant monster Brute, like the 800 or Lung or indeed Melange, so Melange's a decent referent.
(But suitable for a PC.)
Heat is a sphere with a sort of ethereal chainsaw effect around it, very loud, attention grabbing. Slam into inorganics, restructure them into a body/shell. Can get bigger by exposing core, shoving new material in. Can abandon material as impromptu walls, weapons, etc.
*Heart.
Is there a "Your power is always on" flaw? Presumably as one option of many, since for e.g. Blaster powers it wouldn't be very appropriate.
thoughts on this power/trigger? 
Getting hit, stuff like that. And it's because, with its free armor pips/etc, it's sort of like regeneration so you don't want somebody to go out and in, and it's more organic and easier to remember than a cooldown timer.
Maybe could just be a full round action, since then you're in the sphere form but vulnerable to damage and can't eat until your next turn.
Besides that, how's the power/trigger?
There are healers in Worm.
yeah but it was in a vern game, pink, so does it really count?
It's unusual in that it doesn't happen that often, but it's not against the rules or anything.
Would it?
owning your parents by refusing to speak in any way but memes even after they're dead.
his name is bath man thalia" He was Bath Boy. smdh.
He's Bath Body now, thanks to Saff.
Grab bags aren't that hard, really? Stranger and Mover primaries are the real pain.
And they get easier, not harder, with a grab bag.
done.
I generally think in terms of powers that neither directly contradict (e.g. melee aura, ranged attack) and that don't directly overlap (e.g. rock armor, magma armor). Once you have that, they don't need to be too close thematically or anything (beyond what's implied by the trigger event).
I don't like that one for things that aren't C53 land. I changed the fields a bit for my own. 
So he was right to be surprised that you were alive, as you are frequently dead.
$join #WdPhoenix
sure, ok
that seems like a perfectly fine trigger event
depends. Blaster, Tinker, maybe Thinker, depending on the emphasis point.
When you use linebreaks they should be double line breaks, or there should be a tab at the start, or you should use those 1.5 linebreak option things, or something. Otherwise it's hard to read.
No, do the one that's "add space at the end of a paragraph" thing
It's because the lines start to blur together when a paragraph's more than a certain number of lines long (6? 8?), but if there's no delineation between paragraphs, it's the same as if it was all one paragraph.
 <- fits on one page.
yeah, and the six point between boxes too
there's currently a full 100 triggers thal.
me: "Oh, somebody's pinging me three times, it must be important."
isn't she in another point in the spacetime continuuum
fuck, which game's Explosivo in?
$cape explosivo
k. thought so but there's no doc in that channel and i'd have to dig on my logs to find previous session given how long it's been
High risk of the research being used in world domination, low risk of the experiments escaping and turning on you, so seems like the best corner really.
did what's her face recover her eyesight?" Not last I heard.
$npc striker
shouldn't 22 be hoarfrost
What's Immortal Brute, then?
Yeah but I want to know what an Immortal Brute is.
Aren't you a Brute, a Mover, and a Striker? Or is it 3v1?
It depends on whether the shard has decided your weird grotesque form is your "true" body or not, I presume. Also how much fine detail your potential fixer can apply.
I think there's WoG that Panacea couldn't fix C53s because they'd just mutate back?
Not luck, skill.
When do you run Tell tomorrow? I'm free but my sleep cycle is squiggly.
well i'll see if/when i'm up, I suppose.
Maybe he just liked warhammers for their excellent utility.
Easily, by being a man of refined taste.
Mostly it's world-building spoilers (though the channel's a bit of a free fire zone), which are pretty much revealed in Interlude 26.x.
nope.
he left
there's worldbuilding spoilers in the rules but not really plot spoilers.
that's what i mean by worldbuilding spoilers
Can't think of a canon trigger explicitly identified though.
Think that's just the category getting changed in name from Revel to Lantern and 'bow not doing a complete Ctrl+H.
Used to be called Disc, at least.
Firecracker? Wasn't thinking much about that. Aim, Barrage, Gunfight, Bullseye, whatever fits the blast in question, so Barrage works with the crystal pistol but not the ice artillery round.
tubes has run for a group, I think. There's even an audio recording of it somewhere.
Hm? What's rude?
 _in won't include the linebreaks you know
they're parsed as separate messages
Every single old power was 100% terribad actually. I did a check and confirmed.
That sounds like an old power.
checkmate.
katy corner?
I'd say Guts 5, Endure 2 + spec is a fine defensive power on the level of plenty of Brutes. It's just the offensive half of the Brute part of the power that's really weak.
Mm. Trumps have the issue that there's a number of only tangentially connected subtypes, and they typically work best when part of a combo with another category (similar to Brutes in that way).
uhh don't give NPC tinkers tinker tables lol
Tinker tables are a way of creating an objective framework in which both the GM and the player have a close/identical idea of what things the Tinker can build, and a way of allowing a Tinker to start play with a basic loadout rather than every Tinker starting play trying to scrounge up stuff. They're totally unnecessary for NPCs.
to cultivate yourself
I'm here.
I don't like claiming for powers I'm not involved in the gens for because a) it's not my job, and b) it's easier to "get" (i.e. be able to summarize) a power when you're part of the development/conversation, much harder when you aren't.
is 3AM really evening?
closer to morning
is it still "preemptive" if it's due later today?
seems like at that point it's just regular old "emptive."
none of you claimed or incremented for the last three gens
$breaker .05
$brute -.05
yeah
's fine
that's already happened though
There's #WD_GMLounge, TheShadow
as a protectorate hero she had an affirmative duty to act" >implying any law enforcement employee has a duty to act
the heat death of the universe
It would have to be a small country/territory, really. Unless you're a group of five A-Listers, then maybe.
I don't remember that.
yeah that doesn't sound familiar
christmas is over, go back to normal names
so are parahumans in general
"How can I get powers" is probably top ten google searches for people interested in capes, and the answer is: only through guys like Teacher and Bastard Son.
They don't show up on Google.
I dunno how good Teacher slaves are at taking initiative or social interaction or other things you might conceivably have to do in the course of performing a favor.
yeah, to get accepted you have to write maymays.
sometimes it's your spouse cheating on you
Why do dudes always attack malls" It's too real if they attack a school or a church.
He could kill Mendez, he just wouldn't because he loves her.
And now he's afraid to love again.
I think the blind draft is much less losers/winners.
the only people who dislike drafts are people who don't have fun with them???
was that really your intent from the start?
Was the Indy draft even a draft?
I like drafts because I can guarantee my character gets perks.
That seemed cool if I recall it correctly.
WD chars don't have eight stats
"x/4/5/5/x/x/x/4"
Society for the Protection and Emancipation of Capes.
stealing power from other works is pro
If you open a page as mobilebasic it doesn't display you as a viewer.
If your power makes a draconic pet for you (think pickup/minivan-sized), how should it spawn?
I don't think laying an egg works too well.
I'm thinking it's made of glass or stone, undecided which.
It should definitely be an "out of combat" thing, to be clear. Not something you can just dish out in the middle of a fight if it dies.
because you're a food nerd.
Acrobatics seems like a closer skill.
Presentation, too.
strangely, on the other side. I have a hard time seeing anything that really makes sense for finesse because it turns out recreational knifing isn't actually a thing." fencing
The most important thing in game design is upsetting players.
It's a luck roll with effects that are expressed almost entirely in terms of mechanics, that doesn't really change much about the character practically (most characters don't respec), and cuts off part of the game's systems for little real gain other than filling out the flaw list.
People in the real world attempt to accomplish their goals, which is also how the milestone system is procced.
exsanguinating/constricting stranger/changer with an alternate state where they slowly crush or suck the enemy.
it sounds kinda passive. i'm also not sure how "based on Morale" works in this context.
so... it doesn't work at all?
i mean they initially called the Simurgh, literally, the angel.
RIP
my hour approaches.
who's not wrong?
oh, i have him on ignore. what'd he say?
the limbs were mutilated by fire to the point that the doctors amputated them. no cauterization was involved.
sure
wait, how many vials did the person take.
then sure
When I picked up Grant as a secondary it was just +8%.
when mixing primary
durability or black knight orientation to powers.
On suffering damage, black ichor material immediately fills wound. Can only take one wound from a given attack, and can only take one wound to a given hit location per round. Ichor can also be harvested from self, used as primary material in grafts. Grafts include external additional limbs (scythe arms beneath first set, reaching tendrils that curl into chest, wings from backside, pedipalps) and subdermal boosters (resist 
stunning, stay conscious, move faster/more).
Sure, that sounds cool/thematic.
Just sticky ichor.
make anti do it. or don't include tinker options on your dang vial list
it dudn't
Hotswap from pregen
Pink|Julia: like i said, i don't think there's been a public gen of a c53 ever since we threw out the cashy roll" Uh did we throw that out?
pretty sure thal rolled mutations just a day or two ago.
rolled for mutations
yeah but you had DC 22
Yeah, I was correcting by saying "rolled for mutations."
I guess technically the Character Creation doc doesn't say "all mutants are Case 53s," but it does ask you to roll for mutations and say "Mutants are branded, with the brand containing a bar code of sorts with the coordinates for their particular shard and dosage"
wait, yeah, didn't we gen this.
well I'm not going to gen for 3+ vials, it's the fucking worst and I hate it, so good luck.
You can check the revision history if you actually care enough.
It has an effect on Eidolon but that's because his power was running out of juice and had the capacity to steal juice already.
I would generally not write a power to routinely and spammably do Critical damage unless the character in question was supposed to be incredibly OP.
You can make arbitrarily heavy weapons of anything, even feathers, as mass is a function of both density and volume.
With his hands, and then make them light with his powers.
Just make a thing of steel that's twice as big, it'll weigh about the same.
If you put enough feathers together they will weigh as much as a sword of depleted uranium.
If your power just turns things mega-light then you don't need depleted uranium, you can find heavy objects anywhere.
Just say the wiggly physics thing it does to objects caps the amount of force they apply when they hit something.
At two Moderate Wounds.
It means you can do things like shove around cars without getting into constant-instagib turf.
Magical Girl Cupid-Chan! is a terrible name and literally no one should call her that.
Dumb Bitch-Chan
Jackie Chan
anyway, thinking of adding a couple Masters to the pregen doc, thoughts on these two? 
that's why the whip's prehensile
Sounds more like a Blaster.
Yes, that's why the mechanical effect increases.
Which do you like more as a trigger for Amor (the Cupid Striker I posted a little earlier)? Abuse victim who wishes desperately their abuser would be nice to them for once, or abuser who is frustrated their victim is running away/turning against them/etc.
(extremely belatedly) My thinking/concern was that "abuse victim" is a pretty common trigger theme, especially for me, and I've tried to make the powers/triggers on the Pregens as diverse as possible (so they can serve as some "oh, that's something I hadn't thought about doing" for a theoretical newbie reading them). Though I think only Hotswap and Spidermonkey on the pregens are spousal/domestic abuse victims.
we've got lots of triggers so the list's clogged a bit by this point
give me an idea for a weak (secondary/tert tier) Mover or Brute power that's interesting in play
it's to pair with Amor from earlier to give you a little more to do before you fully subvert somebody.
Power?
Actually, I came up with an idea of my own after posting that. Sorry.
Isn't he already Asmodeus?
Bloodbath, then.
Lord Vital
Vital Man
Vitae.
Alucard.
Nosmirc.
King Krimson
The “nat 1 is a super-fail” is a house rule in D&D that typically is not implemented here." I never thought about it until now, but the 1d6 dice helps prevent people from doing the crit fumble thing, serving to reinforce its objective superiority.
I rolled a 1. My trained swordsman cuts off his own hand. Lmao!
is it
Falling on your face is too rare an event to really occur 1/6 or 1/20 times you roll.
rip
even if you gave a trigger like "you're a precocious 5 year old and a vigilante stabs your dad" someone would make the character "edgy vigilante linebacker"" I mean, you describe the character like that and I can already see an interesting story and concept there from the disconnect between those two things.
Yeah, just been sick the past week.
It does actually.
Well, when I like something, it's good.
And?
I don't like Rundi's power, and it's bad, which only confirms my logic.
It was a stranger gen that budded off an off-class parent, it was inevitable that it would get a bad power, doesn't mean I like the power.
Do you really think it would have gotten a good power if I hadn't participated?
I don't really have any interest in re-re-re-relitigating Rundi's power for the fifth or sixth time.
Saturday, maybe?
that's Saturn Brutes I think.
Why are you insulting one another?" If I wasn't vibrating on a molecular level I would be dead. Don't see what's insulting about that.
get even deeper into her lab
Wow. Nice bigotry.
Hey everybody. Saff discriminates against people who turn into giant bugs.
Because she said not to.
doesn't that mean you broke in third
I think that's okay." 
Discriminating against Changers is wrong.
this sounds like i should break in again
fortunately for you I'm busy with my husband.
Death solves all problems. No man, no problem.
if you can fix my hands, the elite might make me go back to beat up Artisan again.
and by "my" i mean "faust's"
aren't you cured of cancer anyway, making that a dishonest card to play
wow. she's going to beat you up for being such a bad friend. then i'll beat up artisan because he's trying to cure the offshoots again.
Crafting lets you append qualities to stuff you make.
why would it be interesting
i don't have a job or do a job irl why would i want to do it in a game
making money in the most boring way possible isn't interesting though.
It doesn't sound very interesting.
And?
I could say that at any time, but I would not.
what if you're one of the exalted's friends
I don't think it's necessarily that stupid everyday shit can't be interesting, but a) WD as a system isn't meant to do that at all (c.f. Monsterhearts), and b) Worm as a setting isn't meant to do that at all.
Exactly.
lily is hotblooded.
I agree with Bel.
All the ones with corona pollentias
then do something productive
Point stands that Stronghold caused an extreme amount of property damage, emotional damage, physical trauma, not to mention irreparable damage to the ecosystem (I saw a bird with superpowers)." Actually, that was Swami, and you can't prove otherwise. Check and mate.
Swami's minions can mutate things, if he first killed Buckler.
Buckler only mutated himself, as well.
Maybe the minions had a warped version of the power.
Seems like an unlikely coincidence that his Tinkertech would fail when he was fighting a Trump, rather than any other time.
You need to make it over 50% probability.
Seems like you should sue the government for not adequately handling the disaster.
Yeah, but her shard wasn't after conflict" Dinah's power was coded to cause extreme feedback if she lied about her predictions, which is the only reason she was useful to hypothetical kidnappers and thus the entire reason people fought over her.
Also, why does Arson Jones need to be a pyrokinetic? Can't he just have teleportation or something, and use normal methods to commit arson?
Sloths aren't very threatening, not sure how useful a horde of them would be.
Alternate idea: try TO die, and fail.
Also, I'm looking forward to interacting with other player characters in San Raul." I can't help but feel a strange connection to you... you remind me of my sister, somehow.
Pretty sure Scrutinize is 2.0 Investigation.
Its first pip is almost one-for-one Investigation.
what the heck, when did my nick get unregistered
I think they were getting rearranged more than split up, Pink.
yeah, I have it set to auto-log-in too.
I was definitely unregistered as of Jan 19.
Maybe before. Hard to check.
How would you even burn yourself with Death Arrow? Stab yourself?
Probably falls under Manton effect.
I'd imagined it more as "injects magic acid/poison into their body" than straight fire, though I suppose that isn't clear.
the ukelele.
He'd only be like Thinker 1, which you generally don't call out.
Dragons should be discriminated against.
OK.
*give drugs to children
Maybe Hydra and Hops, for kidnapping the senator.

and lose
For exotic stuff like that the GM might give you a bonus dice or two if it fits your background. Sonderman rolled multiple dice for parahuman sciences stuff at one point during the Deep-Six fiasco I think.
Having players actually spend skill points on weird edge case utility skills is just creating trap options.
Asking, depending on your definition of easier.
It's not a big bother.
From here:  Kruos is a power armor Tinker, and Samsara is power armor adjacent.
Yes.
Explosivo, Panoply, Citizen, Incubus and Inflame, off the top of my head.
No.
You could be a Trump grabbag, but Eidolon just has one power with three slots.
Joining the PRT should be banned.
Because it's boring.
If only it was possible to have a goal besides working the superhero equivalent of a 9-5 job...
I'll be sure to sign up for the PRT when I get in, Teller.
I'll be playing a Feint clone.
I would make it more exciting by playing a Feint clone.
Some players are really bad at making proactive characters.
It definitely helps a lot to have them start off not being PRT.
Tedium's not really a barrier to players either, at least not an interesting one, since you just think "I won't do this" or "I will do this," and then do the boring thing.
What does the PRT do for powers that break equipment?
1-on-1 or group sessions?
Well, yeah, the dynamic's totally different then and it's fine.
@Teller: I'm thinking specifically of something like, you enhance your costume, but it also destroys your costume. Are they still going to buy you tier-4 costumes you constantly destroy?
It would just be a normal sex ed class.
Powers are too diverse to meaningfully touch on by curriculum, and it's weirdly intimate to talk about how a teenager's power works with sex.
Probably.
Unless it's voluntary.
Then some simple table.
Point to a 5'x5' space. Generate something on that space, rolling, say, 1d6 (1: Toxic Dart Turret; 2: Toxin Mine; 3: Purification Spray (clears most debuffs, gives a brief buff); 4: Manual Toxin Hose Gun; 5: Tipped Blades (emerge from ground and slash at enemies, can remove one to use as a sword); 6: Sweet Poison Cartridges (grenades that do damage via odorless, colorless gas, while anaesthetizing opponents caught in them)). Maybe more focus 
gives multiple rolls and pick one (e.g. full action = roll 3 times, pick one).
isn't jad a regular
To anyone who's read the pregen doc: Are there any particularly common "types" of power that you can think of that aren't represented?  Could be mechanical (ramp up, die down), elemental (fire, glass), or categorical/functional (wildcard Trump, aura Shaker, duplicator Master). Was wanting to expand it a bit.
please don't overuse bold or the mods will -c again and none of us will be able to use it normally for emphasis.
Yes? How many messages got it the first time? One?
Skitterdice is functionally unrelated to WD last time I looked. It's more like WD.
Err. More like World of Darkness.
It's d10s, right?
Ah, no, d20s.
Is there two of these
Khepridice is just WoD
I dunno what's going on with Skitterdice's design. Looks like WD but with stuff randomly changed? At first I thought "lop off parts of the design because they're too complex" but Wounds look very similar in terms of complexity.
Anyway trying to figure out what's different between SkitterDice and Weaver Dice is a pain for me, someone who knows WD's system pretty well, so I'd just say relearn everything.
Do people have 15 wound slots in a pure Lessers fight?
in SD
Ah, I see they do.
yeah, this is basically completely different to the point of design similarities seeming vestigial more than functional. like M&M versus D&D or something.
SkitterDice seems like it's for people who are scared of their characters dying, rather than embracing death.
15 hit points? In my day, you were lucky if you had four.
The way they do it seems to double down on "never do Lessers if you can do Moderates."
Well, you would  be wrong in that case.
well if i take six mods what's my dc
they have 5 less, 5 mod, 5 crit wound slots, when you fill up one track it moves on to the next, so mods fill all your slots in 10, while lessers take 15.
I like the way WD handles Wounds because it flattens damage out a lot and emphasizes lateral rather than vertical variation.
You roll for consciousness based on all wounds.
"When a character suffers as many wounds as they have pips in guts, they begin rolling either for consciousness or death, depending on the lethality of the damage."
yes Camtist, interested"
Here-ish.
Durrtroit.
Duhtroit.
Skitter DetroiT. SDT.
"Does it have armor? Is there any important shit it does?" Done.
I don’t want to" Here's my secret technique: try to die, and fail.
A Teacher or Bastard Son-esque effect, but with a more physical manifestation, maybe? Something like, touch your target for a sustained period, fill them with a physical/self-oriented power that emphasizes their preexisting features/personality/competencies (a dedicated secretary gets extremely precise scalpel-claws, a quiet loner who watches from afar gains too-large eyes and ears and a froglike gait, etc). And deforms their will, blatantly 
or subtly.
It's very all/nothing.
Two things. One, claim for Wrex, and the used trigger that was done in Barrow. Two, should PC twins with the same power increment 1x, or 2x? It seems to me like it should be 1x.
"Mind If I" is a hell of a name.
$master -.6
$changer -.2
$thinker -.2
There was only one trigger.
Yeah, it's to vary powers, and identical twins should always have the same powers.
well,
you know
Any point to non-English names?
Sometimes shift+enter
I sent a pile of (almost?) all the capes from McAllen, and San Josafat, and also the Pregens. I noticed some of them were dupes and didn't send in those I noticed, but cross-referencing like two hundred names takes too long to cross-reference by hand, so I hope you have some way to do it automatically, Anti.
Oh also some from MHA.
Mt. Lady is a good name.
Technically the last time there were formal rules for called shots, it was +1 for no aim, +0 for part aim, -1 for part & wound
A Case 53 who can teleport and looks like an elephant.
"Mind If I" is a Master/Stranger who forbids/demands actions, like the dead Aura's secondary.
I'm impressed at how it produces one word names. Dastard Boll and Galamander and similar constructions are interesting, but I'm surprised it can produce Cull and Camelot. (I'm not sure about some of the other ones you listed, since Calico and Domino just appear in the list, so I don't know if you re-seeded them or the neural network came up with the brilliant technique of stealing others' work.)
Also, Dastard Boll is good.
Not silly.
how is it producing stuff like peregrine. damn.
ai are going to eat us all.
any cape i play for sure
Well, I guess mine would be Spite Gal.
Lobstore.
Case 53 Cache.
As in, 20-30 good, or 20-30 at all?
every character is named Bloodblood.
Fuck, that's good. Lumen's changing her name.
Anathema: Trying too hard, or trying exactly hard enough?
King Dag. RIP.
Flast Man.
It saw all my names and it realized it'll never do as good as a human.
put in every single MGS character
Sent in another batch including characters I never put on the cape database, pregens that never went anywhere/got deleted/replaced, and the Fallen names from the Fallen Son doc.
Knight Chad and Princess Stacy.
Unless the power explicitly says otherwise, you can set them as you like.
Also, some of the "good" results are just ones that were in the test bank already, like Samsara.
re: AI
You can't program it to not spit out dupes?
where does char_rnn_model.py spit out its results
Yeah, but there's no Law skill anyway.
Unless the profession is police detective or something that similarly touches on a lot, sure there is.
There's not really any skill you really need to have to be a lawyer, since there's no Law skill, since such a skill would not be worth it in the typical WD context (but would compromise a pseudo-"tax" on a character with a legal background, even though, again, it would not be very useful). You should probably have one of Scrutinize, Presentation, Empathy, Deception, or similar, but it's not like you need a pile.
also does rerunning train.py delete the last run's model
"python train.py --init_dir=output --data_file=data/raws.txt" should be command?
I definitely like it as Shaker-y.
last tab
okay, the second to last tab.
Oh, somebody messed up permissions.
iunno
Yeah, for some reason the public trigger doc has been set to view only, rendering it pointless?
which is funny because the private trigger doc is not view only.
Yeah, looks fixed.
great name for a pair of mammalian capes (Changers, probably): Cur and Purr.
sometimes people make little teams, but more than 2 is basically impossible.
that's impossible
Oh, that's what I do, but mostly cause I cbf to read logs or sessions. Well I read all of Hops's logs but that's just because he has my trigger.
Ah, that's what I thought you meant, Faust. Anyway it's impossible to read logs and not metagame.
Two bucks sixty.
Would tomorrow work for you?
Lily and Evie had a job to stop the Offshoots from having a good time, and they have succeeded with flying colors.

Wear a hoodie, jeans, and a plastic mask.
Wear a bikini and a domino mask.
I mean, that's what Cocoon wears.
Well, she's got a cape too.
can't go wrong with skulls
What about "growing" obstructions? Toss off a 'seed,' then over a short period it gets bigger and becomes an ever more serious obstruction, like a bloom of concrete and rubble in the shape of constricting/growing vines.
Ach.
Fires a latex-esque goop that covers the ground, people, etc, then hardens in place. Surfaces become slippery, people become constricted.
Oh, ColdGold, when you up for San Raul?
