wait a fucking second are dragon and armsmaster having weird android sex.
ayo
REND CLAWS
pffffttt. Don't think the character is exactly Blackjack material.
yeah. New character. Queen and Shades GTFO'd. dunno yet as for what I'm doing with affiliation. Borgata would be fun. could do some interesting combos with Joey
shades does not need one
):
yep I am shadow i am the night.
I'm just glad I got this flaw and not one of the "Always on" ones because that would make life difficult. Try to eat? Sorry no REND CLAWS
Spoopy
okay. I have work from 10-3 tomorrow but after that it's basically go back to the apartment and fuck off for the rest of the day
I'm finally getting to work the position I was actually trained for which is nice.
oh no not vic
rip
existential life crises at 1AM at the waffle hut.
Vic was awesome. His slow descent into madness was a joy to read.
and drug addicted.
yep. Damn, Invictus was a great character.
shit. Gotta eat. Anti, if I'm not back before you leave--tomorrow?
oh hello i am being tackled
yeah i'm working in a restaurant. Did anti mention the entire meat that he ate there?
I just got back from there actually. We were so short staffed I had to go in even though I'm sick as fuck ):
I'm not a server I just put bread in his mouth.
it was a whole pound of meat
ZOOM
hey the trigger doc is beautiful, no matter what they say.
):
hahaha thank you. Looking a bit different now though. I just cut like 10+ inches off of my hair.
Oh yes bow it's the new floating look.
but yeah it was too long so I cut it v short
http://imgur.com/Ak9zfnL There
it's straight if you blow dry it but it's normally wavy. Yes I have freckles I am one giant living freckle.
\o/
braided dark hair, tall and thin, pale skin. Grey eyes, wearing an oversized black sweater, black jeans + boots + scarf on the lower half of her face. spelt
pffffttttt
yes hello
nm, anti. Watching the pup.
good! I got a puppy.
a shih tzu. He's a teeny jelly bean Anti can confirm
we have knuckle tattoos.
and hahaha no he's my baaabbbyyyy.
the first thing that anti said when he met him was "I could eat you. I could eat you for one meal."
but yeah so I've been living the trials and tribulations of restaurant work and puppy mommying.
It's been good. I quite like this character. Haven't had too many sessions though because I've been working entire weekends :(
I know. ):
Mendez: Running on coffee and rage
Mendez walks down the line of cells in the PRT office. "And this is where I would put Shades. IF I HAD HIM."
a joint thing with the police? Good thing Vic bit the dust
cleveland was great
D:
anti no
rip dust devils
sob
kill me but. but. Smol dog.
bel dags' notes are just "TRUST NO DAME" over and over
oh no i am stuck
yes hello
ayo
doot doot forever
don't be upsetti, make some spaghetti?
as do i
everyone loves a good gay orgy
Loading 52%
I'm out of monsters, I don't have any coffee creamer, and tbh I don't even know where my custom k cup things are. I'm not gonna be awake for a while
Yeah. I know the feel. Whenever I'm at my parents' house I'm guzzling all sorts of floofy flavored coffees
pfftt
anti do not fall asleep
I'm actually not currently next to him or I would.
we just make fun of him when he falls asleep in weird places we don't actually draw on them
yeah
the floor vagina should have worked.
I can't remember if she took the handgun or the good gun for that fight. We have a lot of guns
ouch nona. my poor tires
Dave got reamed out for the tires. Dave probably went home and cried.
terry went into the floor vagina.
hey. I like that doctor. Don't kill him. ):
but yeah delphi is kind of useless. kill her and I'll kill cold and we'll run off into the sunset together.
nooo. You wouldn't download a car.
yeah. and TGK won't take you in.
yeah but thalia, tgk is probably gonna rek you
he doesn't really like it when you freak out and kill people. See: Queen vs. Jetstream
I'm behind on the logs. I'll get to it.
and shhh non look she punched me
don't fall into mega's hands
mendez runs on coffee and rage.
She'll smile and tell you that she's cutting you a deal. Only life in prison.
and then you tell her everything. Because she's staring you down. And then you go back into your cell and you say "Thank you Director Mendez for your kindness." even though you're broken inside.
yeah queen would like to skin mendez. But i mean you don't get to be one of the biggest badasses in cleveland without breaking a few eggs
Dunno where she is. Anti's still figuring it out tbh
I haven't gotten the definitive.
yeah. Tremor... we kind of just let tremor do what he wanted
yeah. Nah. Tremor's just chilling in your jail cell with no legs. We don
don't miss him
he's in my living room what do you want from him
i'll relay the message
he's playing Isaac
!Addquote "I'm not allowed to poop in crawl spaces. That's fucked up." -antioch 2k16
nonagon, antioch said "I will. Just give me fifteen minutes."
If all else fails I walk over and shut off the computer and make him lose.
nah it's good.
I need to finish my session too... Hopefully this does not mean "Nach comes busting through the wall to punch me in the face"
pffft. Bel I finally read the log where you find out maia's identity i'm so mad.
TRUST NO DAME.
and too many dames will ruin your life.
firlz did you call me?
I mean i've been around for the past like week? Two weeks? or so?
he's coming on in a sec you can ask him then
god i think I'm anti's secretary these days
mmm poison
she's not planning on dying any time soon.
but yeah she's... she's pissed. she has a mutation from her power so she basically can't live a normal life. She basically talked herself into thinking the only thing she could do to survive is turn to villainy. And well... She found out she liked it too much.
my earlier sessions were in meatspace but basically she was more reluctant to do things, really just being along for the ride.
and her mutation is that black smoke constantly seeps off of her skin
yeah i'm killhand
hell no oh my god
Coldhand is a friend of mine.
that's why she's planning his murder? Pfftt
.... I guess you're right
but as for meatspace, no coldhand is a friend of mine. My boyfriend is currently sitting on the computer playing isaac.
and pffttt it's very obvious that it's ethereal creepy spooky smoke, not dirt.
):<
At least I have both ears!!!
did u grow your ear back
yeah
it's probably hanging off by a thread
yeah it's not clean off
but you'll have cool scars!!!
that does a ton for your street cred.
i mean, yeah
look i'm trying to improve your self esteem
thalia aren't you chained to a bed
kinky?
I still need to read backlogs tbh I have no clue what happened with you
wow that accidentally sounded like awkward flirting
no one is going to bang doubledown.
what. making fun of your ear?
Oh my god non XD
hey. when my goons dropped me I rended them into chunks.
And thal because. I think Wink would be a little upset if I did that to his right hand
non you tried to kill a man in his own restaurant.
gun no.
yeah that's why you had delphi bust down the back door.
you ruined zoup.
he's going to get his, don't worry
we'd send you his head.
):
Capes dropped on heads, capes awkwardly being hit on? It's a fun night in cleveland
don't forget to cook them to an internal temp of 145 degrees before eating.
get a stove?
oh my god Hiero.
I'm just. I'm seeing the ballad of Edgardo right here.
nona are you still alive
booooooo
More like. "Wink has a dad that is not dead"
but she's not being beauty and grace and miss united states tonight either
"hurr durr hurr u a prize doubledown"
sigh
I mean we told y'all to bang last week
Bel don't you have dames to shag on Kusa's desk?
It can also be considered sexual harassment
Hey. Hey. Gambit is still a solid like eight out of ten
If you show her a good time she might not want to murder you.
anti nearly killed my dog
HAHA nice
I can help you get rid of your goons.
hospital buddies
K I L L
they dropped you
I'm loyal to Malcolm and KeAndre. They're bros
I want to put him in the rend portal too
because you're a villain and you could end up in jail
look it's all good you can have cold hand tbh i'm on your side
and hey. Two of my goons got headshotted in Zoup. ):
I liked those two
Maybe
): You don't get food you'd takested my blood
"There are literally no taco bells in blackjack territory" -Anti
he was literally checking his google maps to find the nearest taco bell please take a moment to appreciate the lengths that anti goes through for his art
HA HA HA hahahaha
See: Amphetamine Queen
PFT
Hiero nice job
what
should we just make a page of fake tweets with that hashtag?
I just want to have girltalk
we'll do our nails
talk about boys
oh dear what's going on in the other half of cleveland
well hiero. That happens to the best of us. You go into a room trying to plot a murder and you come out accidentally flirting with someone.
OH MY GOD
that'll kill his arteries though
i just want queen to live to see all day breakfast. ):
wait a moment thalia you're the reason I couldn't blow up that transformer?
THANK YOU PROTH
you beautiful bastard
i tried to summon you yesterday but it didn't work
kill yourself
I.
Is there another piece to this Aus puzzle? I mean this has the beautiful attempt at kidnapping beholder but I can't remember why I was supposed to get her
no this is before
Queen crashes and she's like "I'm here for your precog" but why was she trying to get her?
Ah yes. The wrecked shit
Anti do you remember if the first part of the aus fight was split into two chats?
damn. Yeah. Do you remember what happened before sentinel called for a flyer?
because that's where I'm ???
text me or email me or something i need to sleeep
Worm 2: Electric Boogaloo
oh my god mega i'm in class please don't make me laugh
Worm, Pact, Twig, FUCK
and as we all know, 'woof' means "FUCK YOU SQUIRREL I SEE YOU"
^
"Yes my favorite book is FUCK by Wilbdow"
we'd have to keep a 'fuck' count
oh no you woke the scraggs
Oh. Gross
pfftt
you didn't even give him a fish...
be glad you even got that
it's def a brute i just don't really have the attention span to tell you what kind of brute
punch thing?
hey nona is in the hospital
or was?
what
SKULL MAN
WINTERSKULL
y'all i finally finished QUeen's fucking thing.
642 fucks
and most of that is just from the source dialogue.
...
sentinel is a dick..
yeah
that's a bitch
tbh i don't even remember what your character was
I was shit at GMing so I just. Gave up on that shit.
yeah
do whatever y'all want
what character
y'all that was like more than six months ago I don't even remember what I had for breakfast
i need wink to come back so we can turbofuk coldhand and nonagon too
no
i'm killhand
the better of the hands
yeah
because he BROUGHT NACHABLESSYOU TO OUR DOOR STEP BECAUSE HE FUCKED UP
also he costs more in medical bills than he brings in
nonagon's cape. it's something in german
nach-something?
so just. Sneeze the rest it's close enough
and yeah.
he has history of fucking his past gangs so he's a liability
but yeah. and if I get rid of coldhand I get DMH all to myself.
i think it's a game?
morning
Work. All day.
if I don't get out until like after 9 the plan is to take the yum to midnight sushi for his b-day
yeah. Local place here does it every thurs-sat night.
Super cheap sushi off a limited menu
grinch it
last time I went I believe was the time that anti had the flu and didn't know so he fell asleep at the table.
hello gun
haven't read the logs yet
I got home at like 10:30
and then fucked off and went to bed soon after
Probably won't get to read them this weekend. Work + boyfriend birthday stuff has clogged the sched
don't blame him he'd rather not celebrate his birthday. Blame my boss. D: Her fault I don't get to read bMoth
opening in another tab. Will try to read when I can
Damn
but I mean. Behemoth logs for a Behemoth fight
At least you didn't die to BMoth. I need you to execute my master plan
hey. on break
what why
oh
):
not as bad as a frat boy named "Chet"
good job
hey spelt
nah
nahnagon
Sigh have you found my graffiti yet?
): but girl's night. We'll sit in the ruins of zoup and plot a murder
oh?
I know he's the former Huangtian doctor
I thought they were both the same doc
oh
you went to the hospital nonagon
(also my brain is still dead from work pls forgive)
): I did nothing to you except shoot your ear partially off but other than that
yeah. but now you can have him.
I don't want him.
go have your forbidden hatemance.
K I L L
come on spelt we can take them
I'LL MAKE DAVE CRY AGAIN
I made poor dave question everything in that moment.
damn my corpse is worth a lot
):
but. But. I'm cuter than coldy
dun dun dun
I got a jar of dirt?
also anti I forgot to mention but Kill sent some sort of message to wink to let him know about the graffiti meeting
carver was able to sniff khandy out because he didn't smell real
i thought he got turbofukt
hey mega
good! We had fun!
eat everyone
No I
eat everyone
i'm not everyone
someone got hit by the ugly stick
shit as usual spelt
I'm 5'2" so pretty smol
I. thansk
did somebody say... RUIN
isn't noblesse the elite's healer??
but firlz needs to puke up all of his organs
hey zoup is my turf thanks
and it's BAGGED thank you
we have a supplier. A soup guy
you want minestrone? we got minestrone.
maybe chicken noddle is more your style
that's not soup
and anti we need to go
night spelt
kill everyone panda
good you did it
WHO CALLED UPON ME
oh it's spelt. Hey
D:
her weird doctor boyfriend?
and no work today. Classes
Work tomorrow unless I get that job offer then I'm going and being like SAYONARA BITCHES
training starts saturday so I should hear soon I just. Want to hear before thursday I guess so I won't have to do that shift.
It's a research position under anti's SO. It's like telemarketing but with a purpose and also I can do my homework and shit which I need.
because I need to not fail out of school during my last big person semester.
But you can drop kick it into your opponent.
):
mega why do you always have to be right
i guess that's why you got to play mendez
of course not. You IMPRISONED ALL MY FRIENDS.
and me
mostly me.
yes
and then I watched as a girl my age was brutally murdered by something resembling a bat.
aiight.
sentinel was a prick
oh hey it's anti
yeah didn't you know that?
mad scientist and also he's the designated getaway driver if for some reason we ever have to be involved in a large-scale crime.
spelt have you ever heard the story of what anti did during a session of Dread?
give me a mo i only ave 1 hand rn
#saffstorytime
get in there if you want to hear so i don't spam
dear god why wont this class let out
i did i just need to get it uploaded
no
no
pff
K I L L
what about authentic clams
hey tell
i'm caught up with cleveland logs
until anti puts up arc 12.
yeah
so many tombs to raid so little time?
eat them
hey I actually kind of have a weird question
Who was in Anti's one murderbox thing that was a cleveland prologue? The one against the Auswahlen?
I know it was me and spelt and bel I think? But there were two? Others. One other? I can't remember who the last one was and I'm kind of interested in poking around those characters a bit
but I only have my sheet
ah anti comes out of the fog to save the day
spelt do you still ahve your sheet somewhere?
ahhh you rock anti.
much soup for you
and have fun with travel bow. Going anywhere interesting?
different murderbox
that was the vanc prequel
nona tbh I love all the bullshit rivalry our capes have. It's fun to fight you. I really like your character. She's tiny and full of RAGE
reading her logs made me crack up
well yeah
buddy is a really loose term though
there
i mean
wahtever it is we have i like it.
You know. You try to murder me, I try to murder you.
nemesis-in-law?
first nemesis once removed?
i'll stop now
who's JJ?
oh maybe
that would be interesting
pfftt I'd help you with loup garou there's only room for ONE WEREWOLF IN THIS TOWN
wait a moment. I'm not worthy of a kill? Boooo
sigh but
OH MY GOD
i'm going to fucking die
if y'all have to deal with this shit online imagine what it's like to be IRL friends with anti.
I've had entire conversations with him using only emojis and somehow they made sense.
hey mega
yeah spelt doesn
because he thinks you'll get killed pretty quickly afterwords.
wards
like a spider.
yeah you can habe him
the Coalition Of Coldhand Killers.
or. COCK for short
if you spent five minutes with snow you would understand
HE WON'T DIE
do it you can have it
mega we blew up the police station
i burnt down a grocery store.
I RENDED MY UNDERLING
not even for a hit youtube channel called "Will it rend"
):
DMH is basically a step down from terrorism
there's no political agenda.
sticks and stones won't break your bones but you might cry if I call you a midget.
We all refer to nach as "The short bitch"
Snow i'm going to feed you to my rend holes.
I... I guess I am a dame.
cannot be trusted.
hm. I am interested in what you mean by that anti
I know you enjoyed queen narratively speaking but I've been kind of slow with KH
I guess I do do that.
Keandre and Malcolm now have personalities
Dave's in a band.
actually it's Dean and Dave in the band.
Yeah. I love the NPCs okay.
no i didn't love terry
It's. I don't know. I just. I take interest in them I guess?
I ask anti like a bagillion questions about each one
i don't know how to say it I guess but i like how my characters interact with their environments
hmm. That's still not it. I don't know how to get my words out.
Maybe? I don't know if that's quite it
I just. I like messing around in my environment. I work best playing off of other people. I love dialogue.
and especially with queen? I love found families and the devils became her family
redcap?
oh
ouch
i read all your logs today thalia
u fukt up
#parahumanprobs
and you fucked that up
hi vern we're talking about how thalia fucked up
yeah!
thalia we're all murder hobos
I threw a man into a render.
and then make them cry
no?
i haven't had a session since I left my love note for you
oh really?
on the note?
that was you u fuck
well yeah. but I kind of brushed it off.
fuck i have to go to lab i h8 physics
bye losers. I'll be back later
a m e n
I use kiwi.
u got to bleed some more fucks?
oh shit thali what happens if TGK is dead are you just going to be stuck with that shock collar forever
and oh my god yeaahhh probs
have fun with mendez
tell her queen said hi. xoxo
because anti forgot that she was having a seizure.
no
proth is a dude. beholder was a chick
there are like. Three chicks in this whole shebang and I'm one of them
It's me... Thalia you're a girl right?
raise your hand if you are in fact a female.
or respond with a "Me"
shhhh nona
lumi too?
so six.
that's still not a lot compared to the dudeage.
):
i am wrong.
dunno.
she's one of anti's irl friends I'd ask him
one that i have never irl met.
so i cannot give information
i am actually a three toed sloth
yes
nah i am all female.
and somewhat human
so you're not going to come join me in zoup.
no thalia you cannot
dude i like my blood
): But it's my blood
you can have terry's. he's in a few pieces
kill
not me
ew it's snow
yes he does
he's being a dick rn
try to keep from puking up your organs firlz
ah yes.
does that roll off of brawn or dex?
oh.
yeah
roll guts to not puke up your guts.
firlz have you shit out your kidneys yet?
soon?
try to wipe well.
No, this is patrick
hype train for tgk
thalia you're gonna get turbofukt by the protectorate
grab the lube because mendez is comin'
grab the lube because mendez is comin'
thanks pink
The Don caught a bad case of the dead
I'm crying firlz oh my god
!addquote The Don caught a bad case of the dead -Firlz
i haven't read the logs yet but yeah
i'm p sure he tried to fist fight BMoth and got rekt
no fisting
pfft. Just barely
wait valiant. Don't stroke out again...
i h8 u
FIRLZ I S2G
oh
sorry teller you can come back
this teleporter is like a ride at disneyworld
please keep your arms, legs, and other body parts inside the ride at all times.
flash photography is strictly prohibited
por favor, tenga los brazos, piernas y otras partes del cuerpo dentro del paseo en todo momento.
la fotografía con flash está estrictamente prohibido
well. Now he's gonna puke up his organs
ur gonna get fukt
rip
gotta get one of those nice filters
mmm lead based paint chips
yeah
worse than the habenero disaster
mmm scrambeled guts
crack that and stick it in yer omelette
anyway i'm going to bed night shitnerds
he is?
good!
oh he didn't shit his organs out?
oh no he's gonna get butt fucked by the elite
thanks pink
ay
ahhh arc 12!
gimme gimme gimme
good job kid. hit the showers.
thalia you're not supposed to shoot blood in tehre!!
it's not sanitary, thalia
oh my god thalia i'm reading your fight with soma.
I would have laughed my ass off. Soma isn't a stranger to "Pulling a grand gesture and then getting killed by it."
(whenever we tell the story of that grail war we always put a lot of emphasis on fucking SUITCASE NUKE)
mega you don't feel bad about my zoup being destroyed?
): but zoup.
hello
why am I being eat
oh no snow is here
okay nona you get the head and I get the feet and we start pulling
snow you're not banging nach.
I like the new style anti
wordswordswords would be words * words * words.
so the exponent works
also why does TGK want ME dead?
):
Words(wordswords)
so?
no one was in there
You won't even let me kill a lot of people
): thalia no
I remember doing it I just.
look I haven't done anything that terrible yet.
besides terry
but no one knew about terry
everyone complains about every client
but can we all just sit down and say, "fuck mibbit"?
You firebombed a police station, you numbskull.
yeah, thalia. You killed like a lot of people. You shrekt longinus.
I just killed terry.
HE DROPPED ME
you should have done the same with the fucks that gave you a concussion.
Hey. I like KeAndre and Malcolm.
they're cool.
Dave. Dave is all right but he needs to not ask stupid questions. Also the band that he and dean are in SUCKS ASS.
They wanted to play a gig in zoup and I told him there was no chance in hell.
I only killed terry!
Those are some fightin words nonag--Thalia you don't have any
recap doesn't have any friends.
redcap
not recap
until she kills him
hey I hit on doubledown.
nonagon don't you hate your boss too?
I uh. that's because doubledown has a pretty deadly power if he doesn't want to get hit on i'm dead.
Oh yes that's a great plan. "Hey doubledown I was going to talk business but the idea of you wrestling behemoth has gotten me all hot wanna bone in front of a comatose coldhand?"
sigh
no doubledown romance.
but KH will be awkwardly hitting on him now
Oh hey doubledown you look nice today. Not that you don't... always look nice. Because you do... look nice.
yeah he did.
but you know what you don't need two eyes to love
and you don't need arms to win a grail war.
yeah nonagon shrekt him
like bent him over and fuckt him
I was hiding in the basement because it was daytime and my shadow armor doesn't work in daytime.
yeah it was daytime.
na. otherwise I would have been upstairs.
I was in the basement because it dark
yeah
I still don't really know how your powers work tbh
but yeah i do better in the dark
yeah. That. That was a dick move. I respect it.
*Translator's note: Keikaku means plan*
hey soma
i read the logs where you got fukt by redcap.
at least you don't have radiation poisoning this time
or a suitcase nuke
you are a tinker.
well boys looks like cleveland is going up in a suitcase nuke
i mean that'll stop cleveland from being such a shithole. kill EVERYONE
pfftt
thali don't kill your boyfriend thing.
some people say they'll do games and then they realize that they can't GM for shit.
not that. not that I've ever done that.
Me?
sigh just because I had a cape who was addicted to amphetamines doesn't mean I have ever tried them.
your prize is a one way ticket to the birdcage
congrats
oooh. Arc 13 is named iced.
snow you're gonna get ded
can confirm that anti only communicates in emojis
http://imgur.com/a/wSPJk
confirmation
literally sometimes you'll be like
"Anti are you on your way over?" snail snail onigiri cow gun
he really wants the V
anti you are the psychopath murderer/supervillain.
ah yes
pineapple knife knife scorpion easterislandhead banana donut bomb sword coffin
xoxo tgk
lol just killed 6 dudes wanna fuk?
look thali just try not to kill him ok
looks like love is in the air in cleveland.
avalon and wink, redcap and this peter dude, Killhand and Doubledown, Coldhand and Nachzaksjdak.
so, grab your sweetheart and try not to get maimed this valentine's day.
hey anti do i have an upgraded chara sheet yet?
yay
\o/
thalia holy shit
you guessed it
maybe you should get a scratch off ticket
money, some property, and a few people?
ah yes [ is my favorite letter too
good night nerds
You firebombed a police station, you numbskull.
morning
what's up mega?
hey vern
hey spelt
I had something to tell you yesterday but now i don't remember what it was...
Oh! I got that job.
yep. Goodbye texas RoadHELL.
o7 Got ya scraggs
internet today is bad
I don't like the double comma
I'm reading it as
Your big brother is kind of a jerk *breathe* and he has been *Breathe* for most of your life.
):<
):<
so do u
thalia you're just a mess aren't you
arm shrapnel, multiple stab wounds, gunshots...
don't put metal in your what
DID SOMEONE SAY DOG
oh
I. that's.
I'm very upset.
slimy.
53
kiss
antioch i'm gonna kill u
i'll fight u
meet me in zoup
you didn't really fight me you just beat the shit out of coldy
tru
how's your ear
they're a little bizarre but they're interesting.
if anything I nearly triggered at the fuckin 53 one
bleargh
wait what
WAHT THE FUCK
WHO DID THAT
WHO MADE IT
of course it was bow
every time I check that sheet it's always bow that makes the most fucked up triggers
i'm very upset.
oh my gof
i'm so anger
i'm imagining this guy
I want to rip his throat out
hold my earrings, spelt. I'm gonna kill.
it could always be worse
*arsenal*
the imaginary guy
yeah it's not a real guy
i am angered by everything. I am anger
i'm being used as a table.
tanuki is a giant tanuki.
yeah i'm 5'2" of anger and rage.
I gotta start writing triggers again
AND FULL OF RAGE
because containment foam is the worst
i like it
yeah it's air permeable but your body doesn't know that at first
it goes into the "holy shit i'm going to suffocate" mode and getting containment foam in your mouth probably sucks ass
Hmmm. I don't know. I don't want to be tazed and I don't want to be foamed.
but I don't know which one I would like the least
okay yeah tru
how far down your throat will the foam expand
not everyone is going to listen though. I don't know. This freaks me out more than it should.
):
what if you're deaf
you can but still it's gross
don't put containment foam in your holes, kids.
brings down property values!
chemistry tinker making super meth
they really are
it's so much more fun when you don't have to follow rules
oh yes director dicksuck I won't kill the bad criminal.
yeah. I mean when you get a natural trigger you're probably pretty screwed up from it.
so yeah it's easier to fall to villainy
but killing people is fuuuunnn
what sucks about tinkers is that if you don't have time and money you're fukt
okay yeah but if you're shitty at stealing things
i love how mega plays director mendez
even if mendez made one of my characters cry
Thalia you likked like six men
I just shot one teensy weensy hero.
no one even liked jetstream anyway
THALIA YOU EXPLODED A MAN
THERE WASN'T ENOUGH TO BURY
wasn't that your superior officer?
blood bullshit
who was the dude that was reduced to like liquid?
oh
you still killed him
jetstream didn't die
and queen was only like sixteen mendez could have gone easy on her
she fukt up
): I love mendez
yeah that is true she is free.
OH MY GOD
ah yes my cape. STEVE
(the great and powerful mage, steve)
did you say s'mores
but. but i'm a murderhobo
how is the water
why am i typing to anti he's literally right next to me
I just spoke to him in emojis?
also the only thing I have to throw is a d20 and that'll hurt
marshmallow mateys
steve
hey. Hey. Joey is fuckin fantastic and that's his cape name
joey is already a cape
...
DID SOMEONE SAY KILL
Queen freaked out when she thought she killed jetstream.
):
spelllttt can we go on a murder spree in cleveland??
wait who stapled intestines around the room
it sounds like my kind of party
kill them
mishie no
onii-chan?
go... OUtside?????
but ????? why ??? Outside???
eat the australians
oh
oh my god scraggs
try not to break a hip, grandpa.
oh hey bel i didn't know u were on
you're important to everyone
wait just a diddly darn moment
who let anti be a biotinker????
anti is a fuckin mad scientist y'all someone gonna die
oh no he see
ah to a fourway?
hello
aiight. Waiting for my professor to come in.
until then just fucking off I guess.
PINK TAKE YOUR PUN SOMEWHERE ELSE
o7 aye aye, captain
anything interesting happen in anyone's games lately? I don't keep up with the other ones very much but I like hearing people brag about their capes.
you didn't sacrifice enough virgins to the dice gods
Ah yes let me enjoy this spaghet---Oh well now I have a fork in my eye roll guts I guess.
power incontinence? Do they.... Do they make things for that?
we don't talk about bonesaw
thalia don't you have more men to murder?
D:
probs
but I think mega wants to kill us all
mendez wakes up and suddenly she's got a stack of papers on her desk detailing reports of all the chucklefucks in cleveland murdering people.
"oh six more people are dead this morning? extensive property damage? Must be tuesday."
mendez wakes up and suddenly she's got a stack of papers on her desk detailing reports of all the chucklefucks in cleveland murdering people. "oh six more people are dead this morning? extensive property damage? Must be tuesday."
I'm like. Craving my next killhand session. Like a fucking drug.
cleveland is just a bunch of murderhobos at this point
last time there were a few heroes now it's all like "Hey let's go kill a thing"
L E T U S K I L L
mornin anti.
and hey bow
anti was the one that got the food poisoning not us.
he ate dinner at my place last night
surprise
oh mega hey.
!quote 359
mendez wakes up and suddenly she's got a stack of papers on her desk detailing reports of all the chucklefucks in cleveland murdering people. "oh six more people are dead this morning? extensive property damage? Must be tuesday."
eh we all want to kill each other in campaign anyway
where's nonagon i'm gonna kill nonagon maybe
.....
true
but we're going to kill coldhand
"Killhand of Cleveland's Dead Man's Hand found dead in soup restaurant with Nachzeher of Columbus' Silver Bullet in apparent double homicide."
god. of all the places to die zoup would be the worst
):
you don't like my soup
mega that's a tragedy
until he comes to my place to play vidya game
of course anti picks the psychopath part of the perk
heyo
what are we discuss
missed opportunity
for dolout
i guess i'm game
brute brute brute brute
oh
anti wrote that one didn't he?
I get changer by why blaster?
Yeah I see stranger as well
it wasn't really heroism. he got fukt because he COULDN'T pay
he triggers sometime after the attack though. It's because the kid thinks he's too ugly kind of thing.
I'm feeling changer and either master or stranger, maybe minor brute
once there was an ugly barnacle. He was so ugly that everybody died. The end.
none of this trigger is blaster.
god it's so hard being bi when everyone is so hot
tom cruise oh no
with the power of SCIENTOLOGY
bow i will have you know that these two chucklefucks made you before they made me.
they haven't made me ):
i'm v upset
COME FIGHT ME THALIA I'LL REND UR ASS MEET ME IN ZOUP
i want my next cleve sess so bad. have to wait until wednesday ):
i want to either kill coldy or fight nonagon or like. murder six people
you can't tell me what to do, mega.
look I don't want to be THAT wanted.
tgk already wants my head for some reason
): mendez makes people want to pee themselves
look i'll just kill some kids or regular peeps
I don't need to fuck the prt
You firebombed a police station, you numbskull. (at line 351)
hey. no one was using that police station anyway
spelllltttt when are we gonna murder people together
he's busy playing XCOM. I have been made. I shot an alien through a wall and apparently now i missed ):
i stabbed someone through a wall
and anti got me killed
): I think you're still kicking though bow. congrats
oh he started over so i'm alive again
well to be fair, XCOM is my boyfriend's anti is just here playing
good morning.
dunno. scream around for a little bit I guess
pfft. I played a PRT squaddie once. and then bow dropped us off in another dimension with ENDBRINGER BABIES
please remember the bow is troll
nonagon when's your next cleveland session planned for?
I know i've said it before but I do really like nach. Your RP style is p cool.
what
oh
interesting
hi vern
sounds like my kind of game. I hate babies.
yeah sorry boyfriend closed my laptop when he sat on the couch
oh
$trigger
oh deer
50 shades of breaker
):
going to work someone just PM me when i get back
nonagon u ded yet?
why do i get hug
i. no i guess
i just want to kill cleveland
oh.
FIRLZ OH MY GOD
wait how do I roll luck again it's $ right?
$lucvk
$luck
hush u
uhhh that's a good q
oh thank
oooh my pretty bondage bracelets
tell it says here that you maimed 54 school children. Do you know how fucked up that is?
yeah i love it
oh
BUT KILL?????
vern i won't let you down
what did he suck?
tell it says here that you maimed 54 school children. Do you know how fucked up that is?
oh anti said you needed to talk about your actions in flint
so I just assumed you were in trouble for murdering people
aiight. I'll start working on it tomorrow
YOU get a life flaw and YOU get a life flaw
look under your chair. LIFE FLAWS
tbh i feel like life flaws make some of the best characters
amphetamine queen would have been nothing without crippling amphetamine addiction
mute, something, something, ruin?
gristledinger?
oh my god. Oopsies.
thalia is standing in a pool of everyone's blood and leviathan is still standing
anti do you have eyes on nonagon?
oh no not pcp
so many dog
woof
do we have newbies
sacrifice a virgin on the night of a full moon
isn't lausanne just "Get fukt: The Game"
tubes, go watch your sportsball.
oh
look my TV isn't even hooked up I can't tell you anything about anything
i havent'
nonagon that's because you tried to kill snow many a time
What did you say about me?
kinky
ay
what's the rulebook link these days???
four?
i have no clue how to build this character.
No I know HOW to build the character. but not how i want to
I keep like. putting something down and then being like nahhhh that's not the build I want.
I'm very indecisive
yeah that one
Mmm. Normally I have a character idea in mind right when i get the power or the trigger or something and I just don't know for this.
I thought maybe I'd do a social type build
but then I was like but maybe not
i don't know i'm also half asleep and I think my brain is just ded
possibly
I still don't know if I like it
I love this power I just wish I had better ideas for what I want to do
not really. I've been so busy I guess I just haven't thought enough
I'm just going Gasjdhasldaskdas right now
i'm not going to be home until like 9 tonight
aiight
i think i like the second better?
oh my god i hate other people
uhhhhhh
wrong room
have I been found out?
i wanna kill snow right now
why are you setting people on fire
but
nerds
BLOODBATH IN CLEVELAND BE THERE OR BE SQUARE
who is champ? FIND OUT THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AT THE WEAVERDICE SUUUUUUUPPPEEERRR SLAAAAAAAAAA--oh no thalia maybe you should like stand in the corner pls don't
you're a hepatitis risk
your power is literally "an HIV tainted needle"
or we could go with the bitches.
Blood bitch for you. Nonagon is short bitch. I'm spoopy bitch.
hey nerds
I'm either gonna get super rekt tonight or I'm gonna come out real good.
and I don't know which it'll be
nonagon why u kill me i'm not the one you want
the location was not advertise--MEGA YOU WOULDN'T
I don't want your jail cell
you can keep it
...mega you're going to fuck my ass again aren't you
oh my god mega that joke
O
nonagon we can be friends we can do this together
Short bitch and smokey bitch
we don't invite blood bitch we'll probably get fuckt
help you get rid of that werewolf problem. I will rise to be the supreme werewolf
joey is a blessing upon this world
okay that's fine.
I'M back what did I miss
cleveland has always had a lot of tinkers
NITRO, kickflip, forgemaster, TGK
yeah i know that but they did have
but does he have a suitcase nuke this time?
Kill's mutation and queen's addiction helped shape both of them
I'd hate to be killhand.
you'd have to drag her out of there kicking and screaming
yes that's how we take over
it was originally deep end. and then I was joking around with anti and he was like "Yeah no you're making it that"
i'm gonna die tonight
help me jebus
but i want to kill....
maybe nonagon and I could be friends for five minutes
bond over the shared experience of murdering a comatose coldhand
oh we're talking cleveland
wait arc 1 or arc 0?
oh
i hope people like queen
what
like i want more people to be exposed to cleveland because I love it so much and anti has also worked so hard on it and he deserves the pat on the back but oh god what if people don't like my character
vern i'm trying to work on my shitty german cape I swear
I have the doc open and
I'm gonna do
mega don't make me smile
yeah that's the plan I believe
yeah it needs to be edited. I wrote a lot of stuff either half asleep or with wine
i love writing
i've been writing since I was a kid.
mega get the jail cells ready
(pls don't arrest me tonight I'm too spoopy for jail)
See, the problem you have thalia
your belt is set to M for Murder. When it should be set to W for WUMBO
this time instead of a snivelling child you'd get a pissed off, slightly apathetic, gothic adult
"Yeah I killed terry. So? He sucked."
"Why did I do it? Look, do you SEE??? me??? I don't have a secret identity i leak SMOKE. Fuck you fuck everyone
aww you wanted my power?
what would you have done
smoke, ghosts, and rend claws
2 spoopy
oh my god
i'm cracking up
"Can you be scarier?"
shit if I had a forgemaster costume? I'd look pretty cool
cool ass wolf cape
but yeah i'd hate to get the weaver treatment. "Yeah that smoke is scary can you uh... maybe not?
and now if she tried to joint he protectorate mendez would look her dead in the eye and be like "Are you fucking kidding me?"
i still would have liked to see queen in the wards
feral no
feral don't eat that grenade
Hi, Redcap. This is Mrs. yamada she's here to talk to you
yeahhhhh
get rekt
mega what would you do if you got kill now?
Jail? Or would you push for cage?
yet
bye mega
HE DESERVED IT
anti do I have any achievements or goals on kill?
i kill because i can
i mean to be fair what I do is written right on the tin
KILL hand. Not "Is really really nice" hand
killhand not mercyhand
rape i understand
i hate you all
i hate you all
oh my god
...........
yeah that happened
beautiful
oh no it's the LOLI-POPO
I need a shitty name for my cape
I love this power like it's so cool
(though this'll be my third claw type striker.)
idk I'm too excited for cleveland tonight I'm getting all jittery
Okay. Uh. hm.
Hm. Maybe like Flux or Maneuver or something like that?
I think I am.
Cat's claw? I guess I could be a kitty girl
I haven't done a kitty girl yet
yeah you know what I'll take the cat name
my last triggers? Uh. running from rehab cops, killed a man to avoid blackmail, shitty kid, thought was dead, wolf attack, cult.
i don't mind claw strikers but I just realized i've gotten three in a row
oh
I uh. yeah.
nonagon i'm sorry.
Oh
"accidentally kill the guy who stole my bike"
anti i'm pretty sure that's actually you
i mean. Tru. But he does like his bike
oh my god
I hate you ALL
i'm gonna get coffee be back on for cleveland
i swear that taco bell is only frequented by these gangs
are you going to get a quesaloopa
yeah
go to #blushyplayground
and you can !quote (number) to read them
u gon die go sob to your cat now
IT HASN'T BEEN MY FAULT THIS TIME
I killed you in atlanta
it was day outside
also i kept getting DROPPED
I was trying
the whole time I was sitting next to anti going "PUT ME IN COACH PUT ME IN COACH" and I had to wait
withstand is OP
I WASN'T EVEN THERE THAT WAS ME NPC'D
I was at work. ):
it's like a staff infection but more kawaii
):
mega why this
I complied. I told you all our hangouts.
and you still wanted to put me in prison
tru
thank u
#goodguymendez
Nah I just didn't tell you where shades was
don't tell me what to do
YOU SPENT ALL SB's MONEY ON HOOKERS AND BLOW
should have shot jetstream
is.... is tgk boning her now
also wow nona you're so poor that taco bell is gonna break the bank maybe you do need his body
we all know you want to stick your donger in mendez
you're dropping acid before you meet me
i didn't name it
we already bought it
or rather it was named that when we bought it
we didn't want to really announce the change in ownership
them's some fightin words
surprise mega just pops out of the shadows and suddenly everyone is arrest
yeah. I was given a list of places we could buy
and I picked a restaurant
you called me a dumb cunt. ):
somehow nach and kill end up dead in zoup. and coldy is just hampsterball.
Short bitch vs dumb cunt
but
but
i'm spoopy
oh no not delphi
ANTI IS MAKING PUNS
"Hurr hurr hurr seems shady geddit you're being shady and you're made of shadows hurr hurr hurr"
):<
anti i don't need ur sass
and whose current plan? snow?
his plan is to sic his cat on u
once I finish making this cape year
yeah
NYAN NYAN MOTHERFUCKERS
concerned with what? My purrfect plan?
COpper flamingo
Pewter tit
#metalbird
it's a game you see
what question
oh. dunno yet
to be fair dave's band is really bad
it's called "Touch Me Zoo"
dave is a crybaby
yeah
i mean i gave you waht anti gave me
to be fair thalia his band is shit
it's neo-punk with a ska twist. he sings about changing the world.
but he's always fucked up on blow
thalia don't you have a PRT squad to give aids to
arent' you driving anti
nonagon do not touch those tires
ah, the angry lesbian sex possibilities
matthew said to take the box
you're putting your dick in avalon
enjoy your orgasm.
oh my god
watch he's gonna second trigger here
suddenly cleveland goes Frozen
OH MY GOD SNOW STOP BEING A SMUG BASTARD
I'M CRACKING UP
THIS WILL BE THE DAY WE WAITED FOR
i'm cracking the fuck up
YOU WANTED HIM DED TOO
SOUP PELT
IT ISNT MINESTRONE ITS BLOOD
I want to see the body
I want confirmation
So are we besties yet
I'm a little disappointed I didn't get more action but yeah my
Goal is done
Dude don't be scared of anti he fell asleep in a trash can once
He Cost me money
They should have fucked
!addquote think of it this way. I popped your abdominal cherry. -nonagon 2k16
Please tel me you buckled cold hand in like. Right next to Dave
So he's just sitting in the back seat with a dead body
Please make Dave cry I live for this
But
I'm an unstable college drop out what do you expect
Nonagon you just killed a man
Shhh
Look I'm very nice I let you kill him
oh deer god
birdy i'm disappointed your away name isn't "Oleavebirdy"
ye
I don't have class today so I'm putting lal my effort into specing this out
Tuesday... Yes
uh i'm central time. I have a class from 2-3:15 but other than that I'm free for the rest of the day.
CST
yeah. We can do before the class
tuesdays, thursdaus, and weekends are the best for me because otehrwise class.
ooh is the cape name belladonna taken because that's a pretty cool name
wait... so I'm.... not supposed to murderhobo?
but mooooooom
why does everyone want to kiss the simurgh.
lol omg #wtf?
milestone 2: get bitches
hey. hey. Coldhand deserved it and you all know it
and now I have like one point in the "maybe is not that much of a dicktool" column in Nachzehrer's book
i still want to go frolicking on a murderspree though
thalia you're sedated in a hospital bed
I didn't kill anyone thank you
well besides terry
everyone else though? That was just maiming
I want to K I L L
He DROPPED me
I don't know why y'all don't seem to understand that
he was weak
we cull the weak
HEY. HEY. NONAGON WENT TO TACO BELL TOO
ARE YOU CALLING NACHZEHRER A FATASS?
...also mega thank you for not calling in the squad i like not being in jail
oh my god
Queen has an achievement called "They tried to make me go to rehab (I said no no no)"
Nona are you happy now
You killed a man
I helped you realize your dream
So we cool now right
Oh my god
Anti just start breathing down their necks
Why am I typing this I'm literally in the room with him
YOU'RE TURNING 21
nice
don't get alcohol poisoning speaking for experience it's not fun
oh my god
hi vern
what about corporate sponsored villains?
"Today's murder is brought to you by... can you stop screaming I have to read this."
crowdfunded s9
I'm excited to see more of player one's influence in cleveland
I'm also excited to see what the repercussions of selling out coldhand are going to be
juicy juicy character development??? Please??/
i helped you realize your dreams nona
though tbh if coldy second triggered it would mimic nach's trigger conditions so would nach have had a chance to second trigger? Oh dear that would have been a shitstorm
cleveland is such a shitshow I love it
and as much as I'm liking killhand dude I want queen to come back I love that coke snorting fucker
those cats see greenery and say "fuck you"
i don't dislike cats
I'm allergic
i admire from a distance
hey
booooo
One (1) house, submerged
maybe? can you explain more
hm. interesting vern
I do think there should be a penalty to dice rolls when you're doing something that should make the character... not mentally okay
that's a horrible way to phrase it
but like. Killhand's trigger event involved being attacked by wolves. I feel like she should have penalties if there are any dogs around
moreso with bigger dogs. I guess there would have to be a scale
I doubt a chihuahua would give the same reaction as a german shephe--oh my god love
yeah. he just made her homicidal as fuck
yeah
but it doesn't have to be limited to trigger events
I mean i'm kind of an odd one out apparently and write full backstories on my character sheets
but there's always non-trigger fears that could cripple a cape
but i'm awful and love making characters suffer
yeah I know you do nona. Anti gushed about it for a bit the other day. XD
how many more people are going to die in cleveland tonight
sigh
i had a dream about queen last night. makes me want to play her again. ):
anti you're always shoveling food into your mouth
oh my god gimme the gyoza
):
dumplings!
anti get shannon to quest so I can get exp for free
\o/
nooooo
oh shit giggs is back
oh no
omg
hey
you're in alabama as well?
oh
lame
yeah
now kill this bitch
noot noot?
oh it's soma
Guys anti won't stop eating pudding.
He ate like five bowls. Maybe more
Too much pudding
SO MUCH PUDDING
suddenly anti triggers
Becomes pudding cape
Thinker power can always find pudding
scraggs did you blow up cleveland yet
oh no. more cokeheads in cleveland
sounds like it's a good time for queen to make a triumphant comeback
I almost typed cumback oops
I think all of the cleveland capes just sit tehre and go "Hmmm how can I make mendez's day super hard today?"
like I just imagine her coming to her desk every morning
and like, three police stations have been firebombed, the little grocery store at the edge of town is gone, another PRT squad is dead, a transformer went out, half of dead man's hand is dead, switchblade has had the other half of his face melted off, and now there's a coked up veteran asking for a job.
it's just tuesday.
welcome to cleveland
i just want to send Kill on a murder spree.
now that she has almost no one to rein her i--thalia you killed six people
YOU TAKE THAT BACK
i blame the coke
jetstream was an accident too
just start snorting coke with mega
somecrazysquad
nonagon... hm... you know
we're like. two of the most powerful capes in cleveland right now that aren't out of comission
nonagon do you want to go on a crime spree together
we can start our own gang. With blackjack. And hookers.
you called me a cunt we're even
oh i'm sorry. a DUMB cunt. ):
that hurted my feelings
I wreck at trivial pursuit
oh no thalia
i'm safe. for now
knowledge which one is the forefinger
$roll 1d6
oh well you didn't kill anyone this time
oh i was going to say wink is the obvious one.
interesting
i like the new intro
syngergy?
who?
vic was super good
but who was synergy?
anti was that harry?
i'd poke him but our boss is talking
while you're looking here anti
that was harry's cape?
yeah..... i forgot he was a thing
did oj still kill his wife
mmm text is my faovrite flavor
flavor text flavor
don't call my name, don't call my name... alejandro?
hm. I'm a little stumped as to where to go with Killhand. my whole idea for her character was that she would start off really reluctant and then succumb to the darkness but I don't know how to get her on a murder spree without wink being like "ok chill bro or DD is gonna fuck your skull hole" or mendez Kill ordering me
firlz i could pop you like a baloon
why is this thing even still here I thought I told someone to get rid of it.
the romance? That comes in every time kill accidentally awkwardly hits on doubledown
but. I like maiming in cleveland
i am already cleveland tho
I touch his penis sometimes so I guess that makes me cool or something
do what thing
what thing
why am i typing god damnit you're in my living room
oh shit
how much of cleveland has just. happened in my living room?
interesting. Anti i forgot that the neighborhood watch was a thing.
now that i'm looking at the map i want to fuck them up
can i fuck them up?
):<
I can't have character progression if I constantly worry about the authorities
most are just sex in general
but yes
I want it to get to the point where killhand is just wandering through the streets covered in other people's blood, half out of it and just. staring as the shadows swirl around her in the darkness.
NOT THAT KIND OF BLOOD
redcap is like that weird kid on the playground who's off in the corner eating paste. she doesn't get invited anywhere fun
pffft bel have you triggered yet
huzzah
so spelt if I went off on a murder spree on my own would you end up ganking me to keep your rep from being soiled?
tru
i have malcolm and keandre
I actually need to figure out how to regroup
i'm worried that when news of coldy's death gets out
that people will try to pick me off
If the heat gets too high I might have to get folded back in to BJ proper
...again we need better initials
wink as a dad tho. jesus
"This little piggie went to market, this little piggie stayed home, this little piggie slaughtered the weak, this little piggie had none, and this little piggie went 'please don't kill me ahhhh!' all the way home"
ah yes and the amazing uncles gutshot and doubledown.
oh and don't forget auntie killhand
what
:D
aunt killhand would be the fucking worst. Wink comes home. Baby is in like seven pieces on the floor while she's just sitting there painting her toenails. "idk boss it wouldn't shut up i don't know what happened."
too bad there's not a taco bell in south euclid because the characters have been frequenting it enough that buying it as a neutral zone would be a great investment
thaliaaaaaa but you can't handle running the taco bell you might give someone hepatitis
I swear we all treat redcap like Cleveland's dumb little sister
like shhh honey yes one day you'll be able to play with the big boys.
when in reality she has one of the stronger powers in cleve
(please stay in that hospital room I really don't want to fight you)
TRUST NO DAME
DON'T DO IT DAGS
I heard about the blood minion
i. i s2g.
the thing is redcap doesn't want to kill people. Killhand wants to fucking murder. but you're the one that's gonna end up three doors down from sveta while i just end up sitting in a cell next to tremor who has no fuckin legs
actually with my claws how the fuck would i stay in jail
seriously i could just rend everything in sight.
):
but
constant sedation and/or a shock coll--HEY I WANT THE TOP BUNK FIGHT ME PRINCESS
actually you know what? no one gets that bunk
there. you happy now?
well this got homoerotic real fast.
I guess we're doing this. never thought we'd find love in the parahuman loony bin eh?
proth oh my god i'm pissing
we just can't do crossword puzzles or trivia games or anything else in our suite thalia
as long as you don't need knowledge for it
though dying in your arms after game night is pretty tragic
fuck anti left before we could discuss goals
yeah but it's easier when you're on my couch :-P
i'd win at hide and seek
the weirdest sitcom known to man
our room would be called "Yamada's worst nightmare"
I WANT THE PILLOW REDCAP GOD DAMNIT
i will rend whatever i want to rend
if i can't have it no one can have it
guess we have to cuddle now
thalia will you be my valentine
oh my god i'm pissing
dags you should really do that in the restroom
!quote 339
what
please tell me that quote hasn't been making the rounds
no I didn't see it
he's the dude that staged a terrorist attack on cleveland. XD
vern get ready for all the cat puns
:D
ace ace baby
gundor did I give you my sick?
oh god bow in cleveland? i'd piss myself.
in fear of what could happen.
a little of both
there'd be a lot of piss. I guess I could blame it on the dog
mendez wakes up and suddenly she's got a stack of papers on her desk detailing reports of all the chucklefucks in cleveland murdering people. "oh six more people are dead this morning? extensive property damage? Must be tuesday."
grab the lube because mendez is comin'
help with what
i get wednesday.
bow cunt punts through the sewer system and bursts forth like a newborn child
bow cunt punts through the sewer system and bursts forth like a newborn child
no i'm pretty sure that's a written rule
*shrugs* it happens, we've all done it accidentally
we just hope for the mercy of the boar
a virgin sacrifice is also acceptable
spelt. just be real wink's gonna have to blow bow's cape
bow cunt punts through the sewer system and bursts forth like a newborn child (at line 398)
yep
tru
redcap is the "oh hun..." cape of cleveland
i am generally very nice to penises
vern no
damnit what number is anti's good one?
!search poop
there we go
oh my god i hate other people
hey nerds
why a salami
i'm so confused
uhhhhh
mishie i'm so mad i found out today you can romance titties chan
i figured the game was like most dating sims and it didn't let you bang people of the same sex
i went through the teacher's route today. I'll do titties-chan tomorrow
magical diary
it's by the same people who did long live the queen
nah man. titties-chan is where it's at
in the stream we tried to date blue-kun. we didn't finish because we had to sleep. Probably will get to it later this week
anyway i'm going to sleep have to be awake for vern to run me tomorrow. Night nerds
here
hey vern i'm alive
;) all right, vern
http://www.kappit.com/img/pics/201407_1047_ddfgc_sm.jpg
vern how long has it been since my trigger?
okay. cool
my power is striker claws + S blink teleportation
sorry i ated the cables I didn't know you needed them, meow
i don't have class until 2. it's only 11 now so I've got a bit of time. I overslept a bit though. D:
oh my other two claw strikers? Killhand and Kamaitachi (Who only got one session boooo)
oh no it's soma
soma aren't you still rekt from thalia's blood bs?
no. Killhand is a striker
Striker/breaker with minor stranger I believe?
Interesting.
the claws are what create the rends
I was just going off what anti put on my chara sheet.
oh. wink has a session
uh see well wink what uh. yeah coldhand is dead sorry
i did let SB into our safehouse though
which I understand is a no-no
yeah oh man I wish I could have rended him into oblivion with wink and DD helping but
this was the most efficient way
he and I were supposed to be straight BJ until we realized our schedules last semester didn't really work well with spelt's
what did mega do
WAIT MEGA YOU WERE WATCHING US
I SWEAR TO JESUS
oh god if there's a press release on this there better be a PHO thread about it
oh. I was just going to gather info but okay i'll go kiss up to anti
hey. hey. I only killed one person
Thalia killed SIX
and well yeah I didn't know how else to be like oh hey short bitch wanna kill someone
not... really spelt?
we had matching knuckle tatts too
it's because he kept nearly getting us.... ME. killed
!quote 249
and yeah sure i'll go
hey bow
oh no
oh NO
NO ONE TOLD ME THERE WAS A GRAFFITTI THREAD
I was cool with "Spot the pothole" maybe even "Spot the rend portal"
BUT HOLY SHIT I'M GOING DOWN FOR TRAVIS' ARTWORK
I BOUGHT HIM TACO BELL FOR THAT SHIT IS MY LIFE WORTH AN EXTRA BURRITO
come on mendez. You. Me. Baja blast.
let's dance
I AM EMBRACING THE CAT GIRL SHIT
this is cat-astrophic
you've got to be kitten me
i'm going to make vern rip his face off
there are very few girls here
it was a cult
one of those apocalypse cults "if you're a member you'll survive the endbringers and repopulate the world" kind of thing
$roll 1d6
I nearly rolled 1dg
I ran out of caffeine in the house
my brain is like "hey saff fuck u
yeah sure i'll purr
oh
yeah
$roll 1d6-1
uhhhhhhhh well
this is purrsatively pawkward
oh my god thalia no
no pun cards
gah i have to get ready fro classssssss
stab me i hate this class so much
okay. cool.
yeah. my weekends are pretty free
now i need to find pants
I guess that makes me a terrible purr-son
okay I gotta leave for class in a hot second. Pick this back up later in the wee--oh you're fucked nona
alligator alligator bee gun rocketship no sign no sign mahjong tile.
okay i'm going to class later nerds
i'm being pelted with catnip oh no
pretty well. I got anti on my team. We had to stop early though because class
which ironically the lecture today was about whether or not we're addicted to our technology
did someone ping me?
guess I have to beat people up. Come to #parahumans if you want an asskicking
i have my session for cleveland tomorrow I think. I'm so gonna get my ass kicked. D:
mendez y u fuck my ass
hey spelt
anti we still doing cleve tonight
ace. And tacos tomorrow.
you sell out ONE partner and suddenly you're known as abackstabbing bitch
so who would put their dick in the simurgh
half of my quotes are from me trying to change the subject.
because i'd rather people talk about stupid shit than things that'll make people mad
what barber story? he has one leg. I've never met the man I don't know why.
oh. Anti told the story
he fucked up yum's hair real bad
no. 9:04 AM he answered
eitehr way this is WD we're getting a little off topic and I don't want to be the one that gets yelled at.
9:04AM CST
I'm ready for cleveland tonight even if mendez is gonna buttfuck me again
thanks spelt
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 128)
Yeah i'm sorry
most of those involve sex
some involve drugs
one of these refers to me crying over a dildo
if you would like to go through them head to #blushyplayground
Like 20 something idk
I'm fairly proud of the city giving birth to bow one
thalia pls don't bleed me
i need my bloob
antioch where are you
if feral was bisected
which half would grow back
hot dog as opposed to hamburger
DON'T PING HIMmmmm
phew
okay. I
Now i'll clean up the piss
someone ping me when anti has the answer. I'm going back to reading fanfic
;)
eat them
): sorry i was hunger for flesh
my puppy? but he's soft and he tries to eat me
hey. he has never pissed on ME. he's pissed on everything I love.
oh no. but is it okay if I am cat
O'll be my own pet.
call in a work order. landlord sees giant scratching post.
oh no i have to wake up tomorrow to buy jalapenos.
if i wanted habeneros I would have bought them at the store yesterday
they had those but no jalapenos
yes. slow cooked tacos.
I love chili. mmmm
i'll PM you the recipe
it's a good one
sent it through
So I'm ready as fuck for cleveland tonight
I'M SO HYPE.
you'd have to change your name to a hand name
heh. heh heh heh.
coldhand's hand is the dead man's hand
nonagon why didn't you send me one of his severed hands i'm so upset
just don't hatefuck his corpse non. but yeah i'll take the hand.
):
I just really hope
that you buckled his corpse into the car seat next to dave
and dave had to be driven back to Euclid with a corpse
bitches ain't shit~
i'm harrassing a poor homeless man
bel no
i haven't killed anyone yet
this is an unfortunate development
it's tattooed on my knuckles too
just in case i forget
or if i get lost
the "if lost return to wink" tattoo is on my ass tho
i'm rolling like shit tonight
RNGesus why
I HATE THE HOMLESS
ness problem that plagues our city
oh no i'm gonna get shrekt
YOU CALLED ME A DUMB CUNT NONAGON
):
i thought we had something special
):
i called nachzehrer a short bitch so
i guess I kind of deserved it
but to be fair. She is short. and she is a bitch.
that's beautiful, nonagon
i made the robot sad
oh
i feel a little bad
I DON'T FEEL BAD ANYMORE
what do you mean? murderhobo or tits?
NOOOOOOOOO
PLAYER ONE WHY DID YOU FAIL ME
IF I SHOW MY TITS AND HE SHOOTS I DON'T HAVE MY KEVLAR PANELS TO PROTECT ME
I WAS BEING SHOT AT I DECIDED TO PLAY THE INTERNET GAME
smoky breasts though
god that would have blown up the PHO forums
"Cleveland villain Killhand bares all on Player One stream"
18 UP ONLY NSFW
even if the picture isn't shown or linked it would be talked about
wink would get back from istanbul and just
"You showed your tits. On the internet."
I'm not letting him film me committing hobocide
because then mendez calls in feral and no matter how much I rend her she'll get back up
and then HER tits will be on stream
feral gone wild XXX
wait that's just EVERY DAY FERAL GOES OUT
I don't want the PRT after me i don't care about the PR image I want people to be scared of me
it would be easier if I were a blaster but
alas I can't fucking boomerang my claws
i just have to hope that one of these robots rends
I wumbo
you wumbo
he/she/we WUMBO
it's first grade, bel.
I JUST WANTED TO KILL A HOMELESS MAN
I WANTED TO PAINT HIS BLOOD ON MY FACE AND ON THE WALLS
AND THEN THIS BITCH
"Oh sorry this is a family friendly murder stream no boobs. remember to rate, comment, and subscribe."
just team up with thalia
constant blood
a free [metal] [bird]?
She was stressed out. Mostly was thinking out loud.
It's stupid but it's... she's pretty pissed off and doesn't really have a cap on her temper
See, terry
git good dags
mental breakdown on cam
Ke. Ke why
i haven't even killed anyone yet
no one knows about terry
well yeah but
<3
I'm a big girl
yep
going back to the apt brb
Yeah I'm almost home
We're at the left turn to the parking lot
Home
fuck
FUKC
I SWEAR
KEANDREEEEEEEEE
I'M TRYING
DON'T DROWN ME
yes. yes I did.
the stream isn't agre restricted he's gonna have to shut it down
villains gone wild
where's mega when I need him to question my life choices
I needed to get him to stop
how many times in your GMing life will you have a player deal with a life or death situation with titties?
oh no
Can we please get a PHO thread about this
like holy shit I'm cracking up
i didn't even know ther ewas one
oh. I probably would have posted
SO MANY TITTIES THALIA
sigh
ke is pretty mad
I know i'm so upset
I don't want Ke mad at me I like Ke
I DIDN'T EVEN KILL ANYONE
OR ASSAULT ANYONE
tonight at least
I WANTED TO BUT ROBOTS
oh yes "Hello mr. Perimeter sir yes I just caused a scandal on the internet but will you take my private investigating case gee your unpowered alcoholic employee is pretty hot. #trustnodame
well uh
first time seeing breasts. anti? Pfffttttt
though knowing him his hand is stuck from the fucking corn syrup
sigh
mal why this
what. DTF i know but
oh
MY NAME IS KILL HAND. KILL. HAND. NOT NICE HAND. I don't understand why everyone is so surprised that I was going to gut a hobo
no one would miss that hobo
yeah no TGK would kill me
and use my organs for weird shit
AM I GOING TO END UP FUCKING MALCOLM TO APPEASE YOU ANIMALS
I hate u all
now you want me to fuck tgk?
my pants were on my shirt was not
yeah he probably does but that's what his secretary is for right?
anti pls no
sigh dags your poor liver
oh. yum
Sigh
dags with the lamest power in cleveland
bel. slow down there kid. you aint ozzie
bel u gon die
what on earth is going on in cleveland tonight
deer god
this is such a clusterfuck
Killhand. Forever will be known as "the cape that flashed cleveland"
*Was* I in town for aus? or was I not in school yet
Oh I triggered in the middle of the semester?
I. what on earth has happened tonight
i'm jsut waiting for player one to bring another drone in and suddenly 1970's porno music
oh. OH NO
change my name to black widow.
this is so fucked up
thalia you almost made soma die like a clown again
Yeah. Gwyn.
and yeah there's a reason we laugh at soma
last RPG I was in with him he died of radiation poisoning on the last day
Killhand is a crazy bitch with a power that allows her to kill people.
Soma is a gem
My poor frail servant. My poor frail body.
this is the most awkward seduction ever
Hi vern
how did we end up here
She's 19
she just put her tits on stream if child porn was a worry she wouldn't have done it.
GOD THIS IS SO AWKWARD
I'm feeling the -1 to social
lesbians make everything better
anti I hope you're in as much pain about this as I am.
I think the worst part of this is that I'm cooking anti dinner tomorrow.
I have to look at him with a straight face
and be like "sorry I showed my tits on stream now everyone in cleveland thinks I'm a slut"
I don't have that luxury
if I break out the drinks then the vultures in my apartment will swarm
he has them up
Yeah
well jameson just left. now it's just mike and sam
I don't think any of us are going to live this down. Weaverdice history is being made here.
How NOT to be a villain overlord: A book by Killhand
Firlz go to bed
oh god
WHY DOES EVERYONE WANT TO WATCH AWKWARD VILLAIN PORN
i'm waiting for Malcolm's expose. "I fucked a supervillain"
THIS IS SO AWKWARD OH MY GOD
I'm upsetti and there's no spaghetti
this is probably worse than when blue-kun tried to steal my soul.
she's welsh....
):
OH NO BOW IS HERE
villains gone wild
there was a reason.
I'm so sorry
I'm the worst villain cleveland has ever seen
I WENT FROM THREAT TO SLUT IN A NIGHT
I don't know what's the most awkward part about this. My boyfriend is to my left. My cape is a psychopath. Anti is pretty much like my narcoleptic brother, and everyone is getting the popcorn
Anti we never speak of this ever
NEVER. SPEAK
I'M SO UPSET BY THIS I"M LIKE
i feel dirty
malcolm why
I. Tbh I don't care if the logs are posted we just. We will not speak of this
sorry can't bang must gut a hobo
anime was a mistake
but whenever mega shows up oh god.
mendez gets a new folder on her desk
titties. titties everywhere
BELARIS WHAT HAPPENED to SLEEPING
this log will go down in cleveland history
anti are you taking ideas from that one fic I wrote
the phoenix wright one. The one where everyone is playing DnD and it turns into sex dice
because I know you read it
roll search to find the clitoris? Okay I'll stop.
bel did you just try to make coffee without the coffee
GO TO BED
oh my god
I'm just sitting here shaking my head
also the dog is trying to eat me
Do i... Do I have to write this in first person oh god this is awful
):<
anti is my irl friend this makes it like. 10x the awkward.
thalia has pointed out that I did promise my firstborn to KeAndre.
I. I've written a lot of smut in my time. My AO3 is proof of that. But oh my god I don't know how much of this I can do without exploding in awkward
i think i'm sitting on my phone but i would take a picture of this awk face
yeah it's the grimace
not... not THE grimace.
the purple thing from McDonald's is not on my face
I'm just shaking my head
oh my god why this
okay. I'm gonna be the one that cops out on this game of chicken.
oh my god you actually rolled
Looks like dirty talk sucked but the actual sex went well
yeah. Yeah no.
wait. I do to?
i'm just. you applied mechanics to boning. That's.
you are all animals.
and you have to teach me physics tomorrow.
heh. the peanut gallery gets no love?
Arc 13. Shaping up to be... interesting.
I'm going in friday, sat, and sun. It's been a bit of a crazy week and it seems like i'm just being lifted from the mercy of my cold.
combo of "Oh no my throat doesn't want tto work" and "Oh shit I don't want to get half the office sick"
always a gent, scraggs. :-P
IT WAS SO AWKWARD
oh no it's mega
i was waiting
mendez comes to her desk. Sits down. Titties.
what say you about the uh. Kill a hobo comment, mega?
but I didn't ACTUALLY kill a hobo, mega
HE DESERVED IT
I got coldhand killed and then got laid. Ayyy
hopping in shower brb I will be clevescreaming when I get back
back
yes
clevescreaming? screaming about cleveland
and how I managed to go from a threat to cleveland's biggest slut overnight
uh zeik... I flashed my boobs at an internet streaming tinker.
and then fucked my subordinate
he wouldn't go away. his strem wasn't age ristricted. So uh. Titties
Tits AND GTFO
it did work. that session was. oh dear
): Wink is going to murder me
you've got to be kitten me right meow
cleveland is a clusterfuck and I love it
VILLAINS GONE WILD
hey
puppy enjoyed the park
tuesday
that is correct. Lindas are not trustworthy
gundor
the linda that worked for my dad got fired for stealing and discussing salary information
lots of people got fired after I left....
oh
my skull hurts
Worm 2: Womb
it's the story of the case 53 that went through puberty
binding of isaac trigger? heh. I'll get yumgar to write one considering he's 1001%'d the game
oh my god
okay
the house smells like tacos i am saff and i approve of this message
just show your tits
it worked for me
I think
wink hasn't burned me alive. Yet.
i'm so dead
thalia you don't have a team you're in a hospital bed learning how to breathe deep
XD though that... that kind of is us. Me and you and nach.
short bitch, spoopy bitch, and bloody bitch.
can we keep the hookers if we skip the blackjack
\o/
what is your bitch title
sexy bitch, then
bel who did you kill
go to bed
you flash one drone and suddenly everyone wants your tacos
I fucked up
NO NOT THAT KIND OF FUCKED UP SPELT
I tried to pit an avocado and i cut my hand again
i mean this has been my first kitchen injury in... I was 14 last time....
Seven years
I was trying to be fancy.
I hit it with the butt of the knife and went to twist and it slipped
I'm no avocado virgin
yes tubes?
Detroit: At Least We're Not Cleveland™
hey anti
because i admitted on stream that I was going to murder a hobo
and then I showed my boobs
also I fucked my subordinate but wink doesn't need to know that one
tbh once I finish my classes I'd be around for wink to yell at but oh god pls do not kill me
torture is cool
because I'm his subordinate
and "Oh wink is sponsoring hobo killers" is kind of bad PR
you can take 1 bip in social but then you're going to be a mute
alligator no sign no sign snail snail thumbs up
if you take one bip in knowledge you're probably going to be severely mentally handicapped
hello
it is really nice today. we're gonna take the puppy on a walk after i get out of class
hurr hurr hurr. Sucks to be a masshole. :-P
dingety dang.
I like that
good job bel
o7
oh it's okay if anti fucks anything up he can replace it with a robot one.
well. Knees and ankles
dodoot doot
hey anti are you still looking on here?
as long as you didn't kill more squaddies
morning everyone
you might want to get that checked by a doctor
pssssttt anti
I.
oh it literally means wat
when u free for shenanigans
ooh. fun!
who did that quoterain
i want to know how long on average it takes to change into costume
like we just don't cover it in campaign I guess
No one wants to RP the intricacies of strapping on armor
same reason no one wants to RP taking a shit
wait thalia you killed someone else
jesus. Get it together girl
did. did someone kill someone. AGAIN?
i swear we're all a bunch of murderhobos
thalia not again
you have a problem
I'M HALPING
!quote 315
no do not eat me
thalia sit down. breathe.
thalia don't kill anti pls
oh no this is making me upsetti and there's no spaghetti
queen is my favorite little beeb
yes
Halp so many tear
Yes hello
spelt nooooo
are we making scraggs cry?
I'll take a stab.
Scraggs, you're tacky and I hate you.
thalia i think that means you're going to die.
conglaturations
hey mega
how u
Mmm seepage
yes.
Sorry i would have answered questions but fire emblem.
Yeah. She's getting closure with her parents. Taking care of the next step. I think Anti just wants to rip my heart out of my chest and stomp on it until it's a bloody paste but it has not been confirmed yet
Mendez made me throw up tho so
but tbh you're not wrong meg
I'm having fun!
My special edition didn't arrive on drop date so boyfriend let me play his copy of conquest. I was going to do the birthright path first but tbh I'm still having a lot of fun.
Don't know who the fuck to marry thou--Hey. Hey. I'm not that terrible of a person.
Jetstream lived.
Oh? Get coffee? catch up on old times?
Tell her how you let her assailant escape
Hey. Coldhand was the one that got fukt up by her. I hid in the bushes at McDonald's
I think I nearly pissed my pants cracking up.
Asked if I needed to shoot her again.
And thalia, sure. Go nuts, kid.
pfftt
I don't know why. But every time we bring up poor sveta I crack the fuck up
well it just went real upside down. something blew up
And I don't know if dad was in there. It could just... What the fuck do I know. Shades is talking about triggers and something blew up
I just hope to jesus it isn't cauldron on my ass
Shades is a cauldron cape. I don't know what kind of fucked up shit he might have done.
yeah
I... I thought that was....
anti was I not supposed to say that?
I thought that session got unlocked...
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nj2IH5g5Gypw3l1GxiYsgp1JvjcsTXcXifEO0260e_4/edit
I did wonder. But I didn't ask. Because Yeah queen wouldn't really care. She's a self-centered teenager.
Tbh she really just wanted to get one last rise out of them
So wink's boobear will take care of it
bring jeff with you when you bone her. tag him. get some extra stamina going.
(I'm sorry that was awful)
pffft. Is the other sign from the tourism board "At least we're not cleveland"
well y'all when this car gets blown the fuck up
oh. who was looking for hiero
oh no what happened to detroit's wards
though a case could be made for switchblade, mega. Didn't he get like half melted
beholder was half brain-dead every other day
oh. Well. Uh. Sorry about your wards
Valiant had a stroke
"look man, I don't want to hurt you. But if you make me have to know anything you might die."
"WHAT'S THE SQUARE ROOT OF 132!"
suddenly everyone in the room is dead
hemogoblin i s2g anti
so they're like goats.
Hemogoatblin
though I swear if I wake up to cauldron dickfucking me i'm gonna be pissed
my dick will still be fucked
I could be wanted by the cops, the PRT, and cauldron. Hopefully shades won't run his mouth anymore ahhh.
thalia shhh it's okay
this one's not rended
I think you'd be a better pestilence, Miss. Hepatitis
heh. true that tho
and isn't redcap a ginger too?
heh. scapego--HEY.
I DID NOT GIVE MALCOLM HERPES
I DIDN'T GIVE HIM ANYTHING
well. Except the V. but the V doesn't stand for venereal disease.
):
http://45.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lrmfakVJGv1r3ohreo2_250.gif
this is a terribly made gif holy shit
eat them
too many people to bang so little time
too many people to bang so little time
yo
i come back and thalia is bapping people with her sausage
yes mega?
pffttt how many papers are on your desk now, mega?
yes
I got pinged?
Let me guess it was spelt.
Yep sounds about right. What did they need
oh
i didn't make that
thalia are you gonna kill someone?
sure he's not playing with radiation?
;)
I'm sorry soma but i'll never let you live that suitcase nuke down
mendez wakes up and suddenly she's got a stack of papers on her desk detailing reports of all the chucklefucks in cleveland murdering people. "oh six more people are dead this morning? extensive property damage? Must be tuesday." (at line 359)
oh my F
Finally really last night's cleveland logs
thalia's gonna def end up three doors down from Sveta.
but she's supposed to be my bunkmate. ):
I DON"T WANNA HANG WITH SVETA
Sveta can be sad I don't want to get ded
Yeah. that sounds like soma
I just read the logs. looks like you pulled a pizzicato. Nice
when you gonna photocopy my power?
oh god i'd probably punch the shit out of bambina
"WHAT DID YOU FUCKIN SAY YOU BOUNCY ASS BITCH."
oh no anti is Lord Chromebook deciding to tap out
so bets on how long before yamada comes to cleveland for poor redcap?
three long
shhh it's okay.
everyone called me a crazed murdered once too.
Sure, I shot a protectorate hero and you just decimated a PRT squad but
Look. We'll get you through this
you don't need to resort to violence
shhhh thalia it's okay. It's okay
We can get you through this
$roll 1d6 guts
Thalia.... Thalia this isn't what you want.
Remember..... remember the pillow
Thalia. you don't wantthis
Hello
is thalia still killing people
anti there's a chocolate bunny out right now at CVS that looks like it did all of the crack. You should check that shit out.
I don't know. Probably.
I'd imagine you'd need to make some very precise cuts to avoid cracking the chocolate first though
and then you'd need to strategically melt the removed chocolate parts back on near-seamlessly to avoid detection
good morning nonagon
anti it's always about ass drilling with you isn't it
oh no
i just realized anti
My next session will start in the awkward morning after won't it?
>tfw when the GM rolls 1d100 for broken condom
you missed quote 420, bud.
oh no it wasn't I
I have never even seen a weed
(tbh whenever anyone is smoking up in the apartment complex my first thought is always 'wow how did someone get a skunk in her---OH.")
$roll 1d100 Better have backup
I.
I think cashy is telling us something
when did. when did this happen?
I'm cracking up
Y'ALL THERE ARE PEOPLE AROUND ME AND I'M LAUGHING ABOUT AMPHETAMINE QUEEN AND ALL DAY BREAKFAST
OH MY GOD
anti jesus christ
nice
http://archiveofourown.org/works/6072208?view_full_work=true
i just. queen will never know the joys of an egg McMuffin at 4PM
):
and killhand and Nachzehrer will never get to taste the Taco Bell Quesalupa
that's the real tragedy of WD Cleveland
you're... you're really not going to let that go--Wait why is he still sitting in the bathtub shouldn't you be like freezing him or something he might start stinking or leaking
(ooh a nach session to watch?)
are you having tea parties with his corpse
thalia come on i already did that one.
we don't need an official villains gone wild thread
#NSFW 18+ ONLY TIDDY BRESS 4REAL
please don't take a dump on the board
look i've played in campaigns with soma i know
i know what he does
two words
suitcase. Nuke.
i don't recall him taking a dump
he died like a bitch tho
I WAS GOING TO BOMB HIM INTO OBLIVION AND INSTEAD HE ROLLED OVER DEAD
god damnit soma.
this was a fate campaign like. oh about a year ago now
i don't know if anti has logs for it
or if we just have our memories
it was so much fun when it worked
yep
and i think what made that one so fun was just all the bullshit
you want a suitcase nuke, sure. You want a bomber plane? Yeah why not.
you want to put two katanas into a man's asshole? Roll for anal circumference.
ha ha ha ha
we've got redcap and her sidekick, used tampon.
look i wasn't the one that put the katanas in his asshole.
i did the erm. "yard long shaft in his yard long shaft."
hey meg
how u
Oh shit spelt did you just request a kill/wink duo session
I'm so DED
But it'll be fun
I haven't gotten a chance to actually talk to you in session for a while
I wrote it, panth.
and yeah spelt that is correct. We need to chill.
yeah.
most of the dialogue is taken directly from the sessions. But all the extra text is not. And there are extra scenes
The opening to her trigger is original text. There's a scene where Queen kind of spies on Shades talking to cauldron, another where they get into a huge fight after she shoots jetstream
oh and there's a scene where quickfix gives queen heroin.
\o/
yeah. she definitely thought he was a creep and i wanted to portray that.
idk i think my favorite scene that I wrote though was the one where Queen and Shades fight.
mornin dolan
D:
mega all of your capes bitched out.
oh that
yeah
well having a giant hole in your prison will do that
next time maybe you want to not have that
(and yes sentinel is a little bitch.)
:D
he's a badass butt though
hm. now that shades and kus are out of the way, mega mendez is the top badass in cleveland now
conglats
another one thal?
yeah but he's bedridden
much less of a badass.
jiangjun is cool
go find P1 thalia
TITTIES
just try not to kill anyone else unless you want to see sveta sooner
sigh at this point it's not a matter of IF you're gonna end up in the asylum it's WHEN
because p1 dol
come on you're listed as sexy bitch on the bitch list. You should be next
"Bitches of Cleveland 2010 Calendar"
I call June.
I was thinking february. Because blood is red and valentines.
but I guess the best way to spread christmas cheer is sin--OH GOD SHE'S SHOOTING BLOOD
Nach November?
There we go
We've got royal flush and gambit to fit in to here as well
just kill some dude and steal his clothes
Heh. Does Jetstream get july?
or maybe january
do we have enough bitches for a calendar?
have fun freezing your veeg off.
hm. let's see
Ah we're putting in the dead and departed?
queen is not of age
and rush wasn't any older than queen
but she is like 30
i do like amphetamine queen april
but yeah she's not even seventeen
thalia no
no wink is not a bitch he cannot be in the calendar
oh we had one of those last night
I used to freak out whenever we got one now i'm just like "eh i'd fight a tornado."
I WILL WRITE THIS THING
I'm working on this
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S9vlFD2cADzD56am1pKh261U23QZq3mL0zKND8Xjy8I/edit?usp=sharing
that's more for cleveland book 1
I could also do one for arcs 1-12 if I had to but
what
anti no
oh no
"Today the bank was robbed by.... uh.... The *beep*ler"
of course proth did
GRAB TIME BY THE BALLS
SEIZE THE DAY, MAN
you haven't fucked off at my place yet this week.
oh my god
a tea party
that's beautiful
no. Killhand goes for taco bell and ripping your guts open
:3
No i whats that
oh no
oh noooo
kill is gonna have to do the walk of shame from malcolm's apartment... in her costume.
"Cleveland Villain Killhand, also known as the titty avenger, seen exiting an apartment wearing the same clothes from the night before. Who is this mysterious guy? More on page 22"
I knew malcolm. He's my left hand man.
but I used my right on him. ;)
KeAndre but he's mad at me because I took him to kill a hobo
And then coldhand is the dead man's hand.
Killhand is...
she has lupine shadow armor and claws that cause rend damage. And then her claws can cause spatial distortions that also cause rend damage
she has a natural mutation so her life kind of went upside down. She was homeless for a bit. Just wanted a normal life but realized that wasn't oging to happen
She joined blackjack, got her own squad. And has been going farther off the deep end since.
She's fun. Started off really shy and reluctant and then just grew into this shadowy ball of rage
that was queen
Killhand doesn't do drugs
She gets high on MURDER
): Yeah she did
She's only killed one person!!
I'd hardly call that crashing and burning
the public doesn't even know about terry
because we needed matching -hand names that were related to poker
mega you just want to butt fuck all of my capes. ):
mega sits there and cracks his knuckles and is like "Yes who will I interrogate today?"
(Our interrogation scene is one of my favorites but i don't want to get arrested again)
<3
oh i know you are
the dust devils raid was a great success
how about you get uh.. get witchhunt, yeah.
): do not take me. I am but a lonely render
BUT
what... what about Longinus?
look mega just. Give me a chance.
if villains ever have to team with heroes again i'll fight with valiant that would be cool.
(i am terrified of the power mega has. The power to incarcerate my characters and the power to make me sob over my little rpg babies)
oh no
roses are red violets are blue at least i didn't kill an entire prt squad
):
even when you get a stack of papers that are just like "Another bank has been destroyed, six people are dead, there's another gang in town and oh look ziz is bursting from the toilets."
invictus' sessions were GOLD
gah. I think he was so good because he died so early though
but zips played him so well
He burned hot and fast
dunno
yeah
):
ah, bumfuck. That's a pain in the ass.
Cleveland will brek u
down boy
:-P I know.
Wink is fun
NooooOOOoooOOOo
guys?
*voice echoes*
oh no i was adding to the image
I know!!!! The shitty pawn shop i robbed is but not zoup!
I vote for the taco bell to be added too
funny story actually the first time taco bell came up anti was sitting in my living room and he took forever doing a store locator to try to find the nearest taco bell to kill and her gang
RUDE VERN
"Well, I could do that, or I could LIGHTNING!"oh my god who let scraggs outside.
longinus is played by SOMA
oh my god y'all if you haven't read the logs from scraggs' cleveland session you're missing out
oh that's me hi!
I am amphetamine queen
SO MUCH COCAINE FRIENDS
I'M HALPING PLS APPRECIATE THIS HOOMAN
thanks for the clarification spelt
good morn
yes i did olive
what? Playing weaver dice. Who does that?
kill the weak
is anti on drugs today?
oh jesus
ooh I love chili
hey. hey. Crawler's dong is an important topic
why does everyone just associate me with crawler dong. ):
oh anti is alive
fuk u
oh my gob?
!quote 134
wait a fucking second are dragon and armsmaster having weird android sex.
hey anti's nose cut that shit out
Sigh birb
Don't make me kill u again
I. WATCH ME
):
Thalia can u help
I'm still sad that Nona didn't dend me your hands.
Because it would be cold hand's dead mans hand.
And maybe I'd wear it as a necklace or something
Oh
Oh no
I just realized that kill hand will show up to her meeting with wink... After the walk of shame. And she'll have like. Too many hickey oh god oh god spelt is gonna kill my ass.
Rip me
Scraggs I finally read your Cleveland session
Holy shit I laughed my ass off
"I snort seven gram rocks, doc. Can't have people knowing that shit."
I also did enjoy "or I could lightening"
#nailedit
ye I get u
hey mega
awww you're making friend
Anti how did u do this
Things that make me sad: queen will never experience all day breakfast at McDonald's and Nach and kill hand will never eat a Taco Bell quesalupa.
Anti is an industrial accident
either's good. I'm down.
oh
it's tonight
but i'm stayin here to watch bucky and rory and also because my head is asplode
on a scale of one to five where one is completely unalive, and five is completely alive, how alive are you anti?
so many canadians
florida man strikes again
Hacker fingers
got to pray to RNGesus, m8
spelt no drugs r bad
super meth, not even once
you flash one livestream...
hey
but did you LIGHTENING
It's not nice to make a list based on people's height.
night bigger nerd
MORNING FUCKS
eh nothing much. Just woke up.
u?
oh i got eated
now you never will
\o/
what
hey anti
cherry eye again. He's gonna need surgery.
he's gonna be okay. it's just. Matt and I are both taking it hard.
how u feel anti?
\o/
not the flu then?
yeah you need to get it checked out if it's strep
you'd be dead by now if it was your meninges.
was it salem?
oh. yeah. macy is kind of fat
pink anti is an engineer not a biologist he can infect whomever he wants
sick leave? At our school? ha HA HA HA AH
pink anti is an engineer not a biologist he can infect whomever he wants
Anti I think that's using yourself as a bio weapon
I guess anti is his own den of scum and villainy
But yeah if you're still this sick you probably need antibiotics.
Just explode into a fine bloody mist
Anti I think that's using yourself as a bio weapon
!quote 339
Oh my god
PRTCon 2009
I was gonna say
"Hey I ran a criminal syndicate from your basement
"That's nice ma'am here's your cheddar broccoli."
I will make a basement
HEY i don't eat people
I just maim them. And then show the internet my boobs.
i went to the detroit airport?
it's pretty nice tbh
but I then like switched gates and immediately went off to white plains so
they have this weird tunnel
it's like got strobe lighting and trippy music and I felt like I had dropped a ton of acid
airports make me anxious. But the atlanta airport has some bitchin food.
please do not throw yourself into a volcano
unless making a virgin sacrifice.
and I know that at least one person here does not fit that bill.
that's one way to do barbeque?
because no one wants your tainted peen, Bel.
hi mega
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel.
Okay. New theory: This bot is off her meds.
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel.
#trustnodame
thanks anti
i'm up to like 35 quotes.
grab the lube because mendez is comin'
mendez wakes up and suddenly she's got a stack of papers on her desk detailing reports of all the chucklefucks in cleveland murdering people. "oh six more people are dead this morning? extensive property damage? Must be tuesday."
;)
me
Oh no tanuki
I liked the "I'm not amphetamine queen stop PMing me"
hey bow
but he also said he wants to be a bioweapon as well
oh no
anti is going to infect me pls send help
half of my quotes are just me saying penis.
??????? upside down?????
dear god no
I try to get people to stop that shit because no I don't think mannequin has an attachment for THAT
no I agree with y'all
I say penis MULTIPLE times a day. You'll get it eventually without a bot
pffftttt
's happened to me to
ARE THERE ANY OTHER DONGS WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT
I don't know what time but I'm free like all day minus my class from 2-3:15
oh I. Birdy you made a maess.
*mes
*MESS
MoooOOOOOmm spelt's gonna kil me
:-P
if your shits are especially dark you might have some sort of intestinal bleed, bel
did you pull out the paint chips for that one? :-P
i'm awake again
thalia how did you die this tim
ye
yeah but tbh I might not go today. It's exam review
and I'm already pissed at that professor for having a whole class on left brain/right brain bullshit
intro to fine arts
are we just going to make anti set himself on fire
every female character in cleveland. Just start running around in the nude
also anti did you go to the doc yesterday?
But you're sexy bitch. If someone is gonna run around in the nude it'd be sexy bitch
embrace yourself in the warmth of a man's corpse
Hmm. I wish they hadn't been out of arugula at the store. This sandwich would have been BANGING with arugula
no
K I L L ?
i'm gonna get my dick kicked in
do you know that i was doing the nasty?
Okay let me rephrase that. Does Mendez know that Killhand did not go to a BJ or DMH-sponsored abode?
WAIT
I Uh
there was definitely BJ sponsoring.
;)
Thalia oh my god why
):
shhhhh. Shhhh. I'm sleepy still ok
I love your gentle soil
wink is cuckoo bananas
not that killhand isn't.
):
Mawwiage.
pfft just drive me around until I find Thalia's naked ass
pffftt.
that would... Oh look let's kill the homeless person oh GOD OH GOD THERE'S SO MUCH BLOOD THIS ISN'T WHAT I WANTED
pffft. Dags is gonna get a bar? How 'bout you GET GOOD first? :-P
(I love dags)
MORE FUCKING ROBOTS
i'm screaming at a mechanical duck
though whoever built it probably neglected to give it a corkscrew penis.
That's it i'm setting all of zoup on fire
there's going to be a murder spree in cleveland tonight and it's because of this stupi DICK
*Duck
"Come on kill calm down look just put my duck in your mouth"
bel you're gonna have to kill what's rest of your liver just to not stab yourself in the face why am I talking to a duck
anti how high on cold medicine are you? XD
Egret Emperor
rude
Cast "detect Sigma"
This has Longinus' stink all over it
yeah
He's in a tinker guild
And I just. I feel like I'm getting yanked into their BS
He's. He's gonna get fuckt. Just because that's SOMA
Yeah try
*tru
He once lost a grail war. By dying of radiation poisoning.
Yeah. Suitcase nuke
His school was reality magic I think? Duplicated a ton of uranium and made a nuke.
Who is duck queen
Duck u
ok so there's spooky bitch, blood bitch, sexy bitch, boss bitch, short bitch, and now DUCK bitch.
too many bitches
nonagon i'm sorry I called you a short bitch again...
there was a half pause for dinner. then a half pause for work.
I got one call completion today. I also got a "Hi this is Saff how are you today?" and they said "NOT GOOD" and then hung up
no
I'm a research assisstant
we don't sell shit
and bel ugh tell meh
clothes and duck?
I SWEAR TO GOD DUCK YOU ALL
puppy says hi to everyone
his eye is doing better now that he's had the ointment on it a few days but it's not going away. He's not hurt or anything though and oh my god he won't stop licking my arm
puppy why this
probably both tbh
as long as he doesn't pee on the COUCH AGAIN
i'd pee on everything you love
I'd get bucky to pee on everything you love
for a 10 pound dog he's really good at peeing
dags doesn't trigger from a nearly dead kusakabe but he does from losing the booze
shoulda fucked the secretary
the uh. screaming of "Trust no dame"
redcap walks into a bar...
oh no is anti going to make another NPC that I'm going to fall in love with
this stupid nerdy duck tinker
with her bagels and grapes and oh my god
well uh
dude i'm crying over a duck woman
hey. Cut tit out.
sigh
duck lady ??????
i'm so confused who is she
i don't have logs
and I didn't really break up with wink
but i dun wanna jail
i mean. Yes I'd be a more responsible employee than Cocaine McGee over there but
i mean. Yeah. But.
D:
Were you behind duck lady
):
I mean the killhand/valiant combo would be rad as fuck
but just. her character was totally against joining the protectorate when she first started.
It's more that she thought that she wouldn't be accepted in the protectorate but yeah I guess the cleveland branch is darker and edgier
"Yeah see that smoke is kind of scary... Can you like... not? Or make it pink?"
I just pulled up a quest on unison league and one of the CPUs is named terry I uh
There'd have to be some serious rebranding though. Because uh. Killhand ain't good for the PR
Do you really want to pull in someone who firebombed a police station, killed a man, then was caught on camera admitting she was going to kill a hobo and then flashed her tits
(but look no one was going to miss that hobo)
heh. I got branding yesterday.
Okay bye....
on uh. kill's back.
Wink decided that was the best punishment. I have a smiley face.
unfortunately it doesn't say "wink's bitch"
:-P
Yeah. it's back. And she's already got a scar there from getting shot in the fuckin kidney, and then the scars on her arms and legs from the wolves.
and yeah pfft. An ass brand would have made it
i got a tramp stamp instead
hobos are a precious resource
wait who and what hobo
there are a lot of hobos and a lot of hobo killers here
yeah
yeah I remember him
was he gonna snitch
wait what
is this when Mega's head turns 360
was it mendez or a squaddie working for her?
I guess that's why he ran so fast
DAMNIT I could have killed a good guy.
all the better to embrace lilith with
and his name was.... JOHN CENA?????
no?
who needs testicles anyway?
what do... 30 ducks have to do with george washington?
but. where do the 30 dicks come in?
I asked about the ducks and pink meant dicks but.
I don't understand what ducks nor dicks have to do with george washington?
eat the mechanic
but
I wished my dad a happy birthday and hoped that he has a wonderful day. And he replied "Thank you Saff every day is a wonderful day" and I so want to just be like "Dad don't give me that bullshit"
OH COME ON it's not real smut
;)
<3 <3 <3
I'm a ho here I'm at
just don't get meningitis again this year vern
vern you were like ded
then why did you just walk through that wall
Uh i'm around but i have an exam next class
1) I'm in class cannot study. 2) it's an essay test i don't need to study
Quotes a passage from Walden "How do you feel about the thing?"
The thing makes me feel...
eh i don't mind them.
I'd prefer an essay test for these kinds of things over a mult. choice
because I can bullshit real good
right meow?
uh i'll be home around like 2:30 central standard time? Which is i don't know in german time
it's uh. 12:30 now so like two hours
I should be home in two hour
anti what u cook for dinner this week
a lot of planning with us occurs over eitehr a puppy or a kitty
anti's cats are... bless those cats. I got them high as shit.
mendez's month in the bitches of cleveland calendar involves strategically placed coffee mugs
oh my god i'm hunger now
i'm still trying to plan for next week.
and thalia aren't we all?
now see. you have to look at my naked pics and then be like 'hey we can be friend'
just don't kill duck lady
I like duck lady
hopefully duck lady won't ask you about clockwork too
did I? I remember calling nach I bitch
oh right I did call you a bitch
i'm here
I'm right here, right meow
I'm so happy they had arugula at the store and that was exactly what my sandwich lineup was missing
i'm in a good mood let's kick some dicks in
him return
doesn't scraggs trigger 14 people just by existing? :-P
I will break vern
You've got to be kitten me
$roll 1d6+1
$roll 1d6-1
I have a list of cat puns up in another tab y'all
I ain't lion
They
Yeah they're all like "wow this cat bitch is really weird."
I can't believe you jumped to this clawnclusion.
:D
you can't be mean to the sad kitty girl
i'm a sad kitty
$roll 1d6+1
oh
oh my yumgar is here
I CAN HEAR YOU TYPING
damn anti you on fire
MAYBE IT NEEDS MORE CAT PUNS
he yelled at me from the other room. ):
Doot doot
heh. his name is kum
mornin
hm?
Why have I been pinged
oh. Cool
why this
do not eat me I am deadly
):
proth you're super into every weird shit
the things I have seen come out of proth's mouth.
what came first the wards or the egg
!search bacon
snek
oh no it's soma
and yeah I was the one that gave cleveland the 18+ NSFW boobies rating
ooh can I help punch soma
we gonna beat him up, bow
booo i want a good bottle of wine.
you have been bow'd
morning
hello
my... my weakness is lactose intolerance
I love cheese.
pink: he go nyoom
I have hair scissors if you can't find them
wigs
ha ha ha yeah. Just a lil bit
i got the scream down for that cosplay
oh god I just hope I don't have to deal with Ocarina guy again this year
just a dude that sat outside the registration desk and played the ocarina all day last year
we also had an incident where most of the security team was tasked with finding jesus.
because jesus was groping people.
but there were two jesuses.
and one of the jesuses was ok the other was a diddler.
#trustnodame
it's the nice version of "don't trust a ho"
ah, good ol' sexy bitch
bel is dags checking IDs
gonna get crunk at the dags bar
THALIA NO
DO NOT KILL THE BARTENDER
she called you a shmuck.
Do you wanna kill a SOMA?
just go dieee.....
or the wife
i plot boyfriend's murder all the time
:D
oh my god
bel you just
"hey mendez fuk u" that's basically what you said
are you going to have wings?
I'D CATCH A GRENADE FOR YA
mendez still wants me on her team?
For some reason
"Hi i'm killhand I like killing hobos and flashing my boobles"
yeah that's my tinder profile
did you hear that bel? She thinks you've got big balls
we gonna do it like the cell block tango
Dags' angels
sentinel is a lil BITCH
but can you dazzle
what about those jazz hands?
can you put on the ritz
SAVAGE
and then pick up after like a third shot of whiskey
at least you got your liquor license.
oh no winks there
rip
go home
when does duck queen reappear
WHO IS SHE
TELL ME
BELARIS I WILL STAB U SO HARD U FINALLY TRIGGER
rush was a child. Sixteenish? so that would make sense.
but it's someone's mom we just can't figure out who
just blast sinatra and then get sloshed
one of wink's lackeys who died in the aus fight
PROTH YOU BITCHED OUT
YOU LITERALLY WERE LIKE SENTINEL NO I WILL DIE IF I GO IN THERE LET'S GO HOME AND HAVE ICE CREAM
I WOULDN'T HAVE DROPPED YOU
WE COULD HAVE LESBIANED TOGETHER
yeah mega that's basically how I play sport
i do however, swing both ways
i do not fuck ducksa
i have never fucked a duck
i love laser tag
the last laser tag place i went to half the equipment on one of the teams didn't work
and I brought it up to the lady because literally no laser was coming out
and she was like lol it still works
and I'm like ??? NO THE LASER IS WHAT DOES THE TAG
yeah i kept getting shot
hey
heyo
who's next up in cleveland, anti?
nong the dong
(nonagon if you're reading this i don't think you're a dong)
(you're pretty chill)
will kill
she got bitch slapped by a swan
no idk. she mentioned something about missing being a mom so her kid is dead I guess
she's a shittier tinker than quickfix
BEL TELL ME WHO DIS BITCH IS
taco bell master race
you should have opened a TB on the other side of the river, Bel
I WILL GET UNDERAGE DRUNK IN YOUR BAR
Hey. hey
I haven't killed a hobo yet
that's how you get people coming in for their bachelorette parties and ordering slippery nipples
i think it is?
i think it's a shot maybe?
i cannot. put that in my mouth hole
Sigh
i'm not killing duck queen
Not even settled on killing wink
though even if I were to kill wink I wouldn't go around parading it because otherwise Spelt might have an aneurysm
yeah but spelt having an aneurysm will end up giving me an ulcer.
GANG FIGHT GANG FIGHT
What about a drunk
one moment while i find my ass whoopin stick
why did i get eat
STEEL TEEFS
I uh.
sure!
what we do
tz?
cow satan
Oh no I understand I just liked the term cow satan
interesting. I like it
anal retentive
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/rlNnvJee/IMG_3630.JPG
i mean I don't think it's a worm reference once you get to "Anal retentive" unless accord is a class all his own
anti you still picking us up
do not eat lenny's dog rat
stab the truants, pink
ready when u r
thalia how many people have you killed TODAY?
THALIA CAN WE BE MURDERGIRLFRIENDS YET
:D
double digit kills
but how many confirmed DRAGON kills do you have
MAKE HIM DIE LIKE A LIL BITCH
ouch. I'm feeling the shade here
I'm SO feeling that shade
Salt everywhere
boo if thalia wouldn't accidentally kill me I'd go recruit her
proth is salt
#trustnodame
rip me
YEAH i"M BIG AND SCARY
TOTALLY BELIEVE ME
i want you so bad thalia but
i mean. Not in the
I. I'm not trying to hit on you
;)
nothing can stop our love, Thalia.
maybe sveta.
which one is maia? Gambit?
yeah. okay. So she probably could kick my ass.
maybe
I forget what gambit's powers were again.
maybe i could kick her ass
Thalia please put on clothes.
NO ONE WANTED TO SEE MY TIDDIES THEY DONT WANT YOURS
-1
It ain't good
Bel shouldn't you be getting crunk
Still going on
But we're in your office yeah
You're probably passed out on the floor again
I'm not killing anyone
I need info
I'm doing business
Uh I'm on the phone otherwise I would and anti is driving the car
Please pray for my safety
Anti is a scary driver.
He's the designated getaway driver if we ever do a--HET OFF THE PHONE
help me Jesus
I'm going to die
He's still do
But
I am
Alive.
Do. Do I not get the duck lady shit anti
Ah
Cool blue is best
Fuck glacier freeze
So the medium blue
The dark blue is too blue
Fuck everyone and their bad Gatorade decisions.
I fucked up
I'm on my phone
Do it autocorrected
My tramp stamp?
I'd have to take my costume most of the way off for that though
No
KeAndre is my other guy
KeAndre isn't speaking to me
let me have my tramp stamp spelt
I've already flashed this town i am cleveland's biggest skank
That's why he put his finger in Avalon
*donger
;) hopefully
Otherwise he didn't show her a good time
Only two confirmed PKs in Cleveland
Hi dragon I'm Saff you're new.
I'm going to make you question your existence at some point probably while shouting in caps lock. Welcome to Weaverdice.
Yeah no bel you're toeing a dangerous line
YOU CANNOT USE THAT WORD
God now I'm questioning my existence.
Ah yes fear salve
Ask around to see who is running games. I think most of the ones going on right now are full though
Yeah there were a lot of boxes over this past summer
Unless bow is running it then you end up in a dimension FULL OF ENDBRINGERS
Bows murderbox
Plus a cat girl cape
I didn't sell her out!!
i want to be friends with gregor the snail
he has the best sandwiches
probably? apparently Zoup! is a real chain
i've hand made bread bowls before
interesting. Thalia you'll have to tell us how it is
but it's... bread. And bowl.
Here's something for you anti.
Cleveland Clinic: First uterus transplant fails after patient suffers complications, doctors say.
Looks like TGK went a little too far
okay then. Wink went WAY TOO FAR.
good morn
eh. you?
yes I am here why?
Oh no not the fucking duck puns
eh i just gave like all my money over to maia for some info
haven't gotten it yet
busy week for me n anti.
I still need to pack all my shiiiiiiiiiiittttttt
no. anime con
ugh i need to get my pokemon team together too ugh so much to do
I'm a gym leader on saturday and I've had no practise with this team. It's all yumgar's pokemon
all my cosplay stuff is done i just need to figure out if I should do my makeup before I leave or in the bathroom at the convention center after we get there?
because i don't want the black makeup to smudge...
yeah yeah. Hopefully I get more this year than last year. Last year I had a TON of people ask me for pics and then no one ever posted them anywhere. ):
hurr hurr hurr nice joke thali. and it's basically an eye mask
..............
thalia if i get my hands on you in cleveland...
actually I'd probably die
i don't want to battle her I want to be girlfriends <3
I'm playing Cleveland: The dating sim just WATCH ME
non needs to beat some clowns
sex murder and rock and roll
that's the classy version i think
do you not have blood?
It went well! I exploded a can of hairspray but it turned out okay. The makeup stayed for most of the day
Uh it fell over and then it wouldn't stop spraying.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/VR8Ag83t/IMG_3650.JPG
The makeup stayed better than the dress did at least
good morn
hello friend
and you handle the "Drinking your sorrows" side of the business
what did spelt do
spelt does a lot of thing
nonagon you clown anyone in cleveland yet?
well yes I
i meant after that
he was kind of comatose.
Shhh don't call her short
short bitch
yes. And Bel will be our Bitch Fury
Robert "Bitch" Tanner
#bitchsquad
mornin bel
close enough
hello
doot doot
to bel land
the land of no trigger events and also lots of booze
feed them stek
it's very nice out we brought dog to park and a dog that looked like balto tried to eat him
yes me
oh my god what on earth is nach doing?
I'm crying
Are you going to coldy's beach house for the weekend
):<
yeah cactus most of the logs from cold and kill don't exist because the sessions were done in my living room
yeaaaahhhh
nonagon you called me a cunt and then killed my partner
a DUMB cunt.
):
But it also destroys your car half the time
it's like a deer that swears at you and threatens to sue
oh
hello
yum and I are dogsitting today so I'm just mentally exhausted
My dog is pretty ok but when rory is over he turns into a demon
and rory is just like auntie saff please help me and then he sits on me
rory is like. A mid sized terrier? Like maybe 20 pounds? idk.
cg my dog is a shit-zu too.
He's kind of a dick but he's my son so I love him
Do we have a room for dog talk? I think we need a room for dog talk
#dogs
oh my god.
I did tell him that you weekend at bernie's him but
oh my god
non pls tell me you have the logs from last night
anti please do not stick money into the bot
hey
i have a very very large cake pop
yes
What what happened?
DID YOU KILL SOMA
please let longi be like. chilling on the couch watching reruns of Friends and you're just blood busting into his living room
drink his beer thalia.
Steal his cat
when you gonna roll my power?
oh? how low cut was the top you were wearing? and how drunk was dags?
good. Gotta charm him with the tiddybress
nah. Was playing the fremblem
pleasea no eatsa
yes I would join the supervillain league, it's not technically incest, and oh deer what happened
in that order
HE LOST HIS LEG???
soma oh my lord
how this
thalia now we have a connection. Just. Don't think about things too hard and we can be murdergirlfriends
also malcolm might sit in the back seat
I mean. You're not wrong, Anti.
I never said Malcolm was a saint.
anti do you have my info yet?
(also I have a physics test this week please help)
I just want league of supervillainesses
Soma is a trope
at least he didn't have a suitcase nuke this time
hey
that's deep, anti
lol so everyone is getting clowned in cleveland
uh look thalia I'm not trying to be mean but I don't want to eat your biohazard cookies
i made cake pops yesterday
it was quite large
na
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED
oh I got burritoed
or just delete all the channels and float in the empty IRC like squidward's trip to the alone universe
hey dol
eh. I've been better. But I get to hang out with my bestie today which is awesome
but I also have to go to the shittiest class today which is not awesome
oh
i got eat
spelt gives birth to me every night
I burst forth
i do not choose to be eaten
That is how I stay smol
but you will mess with the hearts and souls of your readers.
):
whatchu want
no he's teaching me physics
but I made a sandwich and turned around and he was cleaning the house
he's kawaii desu
i have fishnet tights if you want those but my maid costume is back at my parents' place
I mean it doesn't fit anymore and it was a halloween costume. Actually my mom might have thrown it out when she turned over my room for my sister
uh I mean. I don't know if it would fit up top. When I wore it I had to pin it in several places because my boobs didn't grow in until I was in college. But width wise probably? Anti's rather slim.
nipple stapling
anti you registered the channel??
$roll 2d6 anal circumference
oh it's soma.
hi soma
you dead yet
thalia did you kill soma
good
rip longi
wait did he pull an invictus and just--THALI I THOUGHT WE WERE MURDERGIRLFRIENDS
wait do you have your blood minion now?
pull an invictus and off himself when the going got tough
thalia that thing will be the equivalent to a walking tampon
oh.
I.
okay.
ugh I'm going to have to wake up the boyfriend
gonna read that later anti. What time are you coming for physics? also we make spaghetti tonight.
hey at least yours have never ended in awkward sex.
come on thalia don't you want to sit in the car together and have mal in the backseat chanting "threesome' over and over
;)
Aiight. I need to get the bum up so we can go shopping.
bucky's almost out of food so we need to get him thing
stab
oh damn I was about to break out the summoning circle
what am I supposed to do with all this goat blood now
I mean. I guess
doot doot
oh yeah it is good friday
I forgot. No one closes anything for GF here but I'm from the north where everyone is catholic.
i do what I want
tru
PROTH WHY
hello
mom's spaghetti
Every. day.
do you know how much time i have to spend tunnelling out of spelt's gut
not saffron. Safranin. It's a biological stain
I don't believe you should eat it
morning
hey
whaaaaaa
so smol
i could eat her
I could eat her in two bite
;)
my 12 year old brother is like a head taller than me now. I know the feel
yes
Bel! Dol!
he's got some project or something idk
I know he was in the engineering lab until nearly 10 last night
wait I'm meeting with dags?
anti are you alive
oh
just try not to overwork yourself to the point where you have to be scraped off the floor, anti
anti is super wicked smart
again
pls don't eat me
I have to spend so much time every day trying to crawl out of spelt's gut.
thanks lurk. I guess I'll get to work
thanks dol that was nice of you
oh
okay
sigh
i guess i can
First nonagon, now spelt. Look, man. I have better things to do than dig myself out of your bowels
I do. I have uh. Business. And things.
thanks JL. I'll get to work.
so who would put their dick in the simurgh
AGAIN
yeah hey anti
Anti any progress on my juicy secrets?
aiight
I know you've been like living in the lab
(we kind of joked about letting you sleep there last night)
D:
oh my god
praise nonagon
the polygon we all deserve
yes and it was for spokane I think
hey]
hello
correct
nah
no class on thurs
aiight
I'm okay. Tired.
):
you did it. you got noticed
but have you... noticed senpai
tsundere tuzi? Tuzere?
do not bother while driving
hey
hello friends
hey
ye
hey
Lead flamingo
hey dol
i got an oh no?
I've reached SOMA levels?
Pink are you kidnapping people withhout their consent?
Pink. That's not how you make friends.
Dol are you cosplaying as belaris?
look man my whole world is fucked up I saw an armadillo last night. Alive.
and now pink is kidnapping people.
dol kill them all
dol are you flashing madison
WD gone wild?
ah, the titty gallery
I'm catching up on the phoenix wright anime
I'm two weeks behind if anyone needs me i'm off being a week
*weeb
hey mega
nm. dicking around on amazon to see if I can actually buy anything with this last gift card
i still haven't read the khandhas logs
He shouldn't have drilled his power armor into his spine
Hello friends
Oh spelt
It feels good.
Feels like murder
Now get out of the coma and come attempt to kick my ass
Thalia not everyone want to make orphans and widows
Oh my god.
Hey gigs here's some good Coke
I'm just waiting for anti to throw a big threat at us so we all have to band together again
OUR POWER IS OUT
(but there's still wifi?)
the whole complex is out bow
everyone is just standing on their balconies and walking their dogs because it's just. out.
don't know why though. Didn't look like any poles were down or transformers out but then again i got dragged outside to look before I COULD PUT MY GLASSES ON
do it slow and easy. hot.
;)
was there an open
open bar
i mean that is delicious but did you get crunk
The wifi went out. I don't know what to do with my life
What do.
The lights just came back on!!
But the wifi has not
Damn now I'm going to have to blow all these candles out
):<
it's not my birthday
I did not make a wish
):<
YOU'RE SIX MONTHS OFF.
THALIA FUCK U
(thalia i love u)
excuse me it's called an unbirthday.
YOU'RE SOMETHING ELSE
hello chorno
excuse u
right. no girls. On the internet.
night nerdo
my boyfriend stole my blanket
please do not skin my boyfriend I like him most of the time
BUT HE TOOK MY BLANKEt
there are more in the other room but he took my favorite one
that's the one my grandlittles got me. it's soft.
Well. I did. I was in a sorority for a hot second.
they bought me this blanket for my 20th birthday. I got this and a mug and a bunch of hot cocoa.
hello
SPELT WHY THIS
in front of my son
i did firebomb a police station
I believe the conversation was "Hey anti do we have access to thermite?"
Uh. Uh. I did it because wink corrupted my poor soul
because wink is a *Squints and looks at hand* Bad man
:-P
yeah spelt i believe you did and I asked for thermite. :3
coldy was all about the grenades
does this mean we all fight over who gets to be harley quinn?
I mean lilith is the craziest but brigid is the sexiest?
It's a condition, spelt.
uh spelt i don't think a bullet to the head cures anything.
surprise it anti
puppy is on half my keyboard
oh my god i love you nerds
YOU MADE ME LIKE THIS AHHHH
boobs
anti when is non gonna yell obscenities at me?
i meant in campaign
you know. For all the bad shit wink's done... he is an equal opportunity employer
You could have six arms and look like a centipede and he'll still give you a job
Were we ever told what the meme was or just a drop that "Yeah no weld is a meme"
weld just wants respect and instead he is meme
;)
wink loved his 53 friends
the normals are used as batteries though
you've got to be kitten me, vern
I AM A GOOD COOK VERN
holy shit i clicked on the gif of "Mishie" and i think i'd pee myself if I saw a kangaroo at my window
Like just looking out the window and this KANGAROO IS TRYING TO BREAK IN
No fuck you fuck australia what the fuck is wrong with y'all
i saw a live armadillo for the first time the other night and I nearly lost my shit how do you handle fucking things that look like they came out of an eldritch NIGHTMARE
ARMADILLOS AREN"T SUPPOSED TO BE REAL
I've only seen their corpses they're a conspiracy by the government to warn others. but then I SAW ONE.
IT'S FUCKED UP, MAN.
WHAT DID I DO
NOT TODAY SATAN
i'm down if non is
i'm being rolled
i'm technically an adult. I don't feel like one though
but it also means I don't have people telling me what to do.
and i can drink an entire bottle of wine and sing christmas carols in may. No one can stop me
"I'm high as fuck on sleeping pills fuckin take it and maybe idk stab wink or something i don't fuckin know"
Nonagon looks at his hands, sees a smudge of ink. "Kick Billdans's a... I think that says ass?"
sounds good.
I'm gonna get verbally abused and i'm going to like it.
Hey I mean if someone's going to call me mean names I'd rather it be nonagon.
but who among us is truly a stupid bitch.
Eh. Nonagon is a big softy, i say before he tells me to walk into traffic.
i've got a puppy
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Hh6TPnrQ/1462153942.JPG
No time stamp Faust but I just took it
the shoes are all the way across the room
he wouldn't look at the camera because he was licking me
He's dumb as sin.
he just looked at me like "mommy why do you always call me stupid."
Bucky is just small and dumb.
bless him though he tries.
I don't live in a garbage dump. ):
is beego the big bad
after all this time it was just tanuki
pink i hope no one's scrotum has to look like that
it always comes back to a scrotum
like I felt my nonexistent balls shrivel up there.
that is what a scrotum looks like, Firlz
i don't think spelt is very supple
if we take wink's junk can i use his ballsack as a coin purse?
who's been fucking around in this warehouse
Thalia's power is like... if eidolon was a crappy sentient tampon.
FIGHT ME NACH
non's just being non, dol.
okay firlz but we can all agree that she's a crappy sentient tampon.
oh no my chips are stale!!!
you're 4'6" jesus
how is there that much rage in someone so smol
a midget fetish
thalia are you saying you want someone to insert their fingers into wink's rectum?
NO
i think at that point it's a hand puppet and not a finger puppet
I broke thalia.
i believe nonagon has sacrificed a village of people to the dice gods
$roll 1d100
MINE WAS BETTER
okay I think we should move the dice rolls before someone rises from the deep and mauls us all
anti forgets things sometimes
like when he GM'd pathfinder that I was in he forgot i crit on like fucking 17 or something.
i'm the dinger. i ding dong ditch people
kinky
who is noodle
i havne't kept up with firlz's session
it lasted like two seconds, dol. ):
i don't live in a garbage dump. )))):
though malcolm's house was close.
shit what happened to the pizza box anti????
I PAID GOOD MONEY FOR THAT DIRT
back in my day
THAT IS A CAT THALIA
MY POOR TERRITORY
ah dropping the "I killed coldhand" line. Nice.
just start drawing on the walls
I KILLED COLDHAND XOXO NACH
and then kick loup in the dick
because he deserves it
NEVER HEARD OF HIM THIS IS LITERALLY OUR OLD TERRITORY I"M GONNA PUNCH THIS FUCKER IF YOU DON'T NONAGON
calm down there tampon.
YOU TAKE THAT BACK
not yet
i think she's safe for the moment because DD is the only BJ cape who is free and knows
oh no
you're quacking me up
smear him on the pavement nonagon
what happened to beating him with his own jaw
is this dude talking about giggs and val?
can we keep mortal lock's corpse
and just weekend and bernie's with it
we just have to try to keep him from stinking
this dude has realized he fucked up
firlz you're just jealous you're not in this wacky 80's flick
no faust you can't put your dick in it.
WE"RE PUPPETING HIS CORPSE
thank you dol i knew I could always count on you
this is when we need mega to be the responsible adult in cleveland and stop us from literally dragging around a man's fried corpse
I guess the distinction would be someone who is passively is just stupid. Someone who is actively has some sort of intelligence but just makes the dumbest choices.
i wanted to see the aforementioned jaw beating. we don't get as many creative beatings as we could
sometimes thalia explodes a man into red mist but I mean like.
beating a man with his own body parts?
That's creative
wait shit anti when i'm allowed on the squad if feral loses a limb can I clown someone with said limb
it's like a custard, pink
hey feral can I have a hand?
*tosses me her actual hand*
FERAL THIS ISN'T FUNNY ANYMORE
DAMNIT FERAL I DIDN'T MEAN YOUR REAL EYE
"Put your nose to the grindsto--FERAL NO"
"When I said "hit the road" i didn't mean WITH YOUR WHOLE BODY"
congrats non you recruited a nerdo
hopefully he'll be more useful than delphi
https://40.media.tumblr.com/1d2bf5fd8489316e1548df192aa7e20e/tumblr_o5ydn5ZIWy1tm1x8po1_540.jpg
aww you do care.
"Cleveland protectorate unveils new cape"
just 20 posts under different accounts of various clips of that video
and i'll just be sitting in HQ banging my head against the wall. Because I let you kill coldhand and this is how you repay me.
WITH MEMES
I... i did.
And i'm sorry I hurt your feelings by calling you a short bitch.
I don't hate you because you're short. You're short because I hate you.
but look man just because a cape looks different doesn't mean you can make memes out of them
how do you think weld feels, hm?
r u ok firlz
COME AT ME NONA
I'll fite u.
but. Titties.
penis man
the hero we all deserve
FUK U
damnit it's late going to bed fuk all u nerdos
<3333
Why are all the fucking icons on my phone blue it takes like six tries to find fucking irccloud
We've had WD sexy times but no WD wedding
It's that damn modern culture
"Pick a seat, not a side."
Roll soc/dex/ath
anti never makes us roll wits for sex
it's always that trio
dirty talk/finding the hole/stamina
just drag dags to vegas surprise
get him to pop open that top shelf whiskey. Just do it.
ooh just make a batch of apple pie everclear and get him shitfaced
have the wedding officiated by a Legend impersonator.
there you go
hm I want to make a grilled cheese but my boyfriedn is playing DARK SOULS INSTEAD OF DOING THE DISHES
yes a laser light show
I guess you're right, tubes. And I guess technically there still would be elvis because he's before the diversion
pffft skitter wouldn't terrorize a bunch of little kids with bees. But she'd probably make a bunch of roaches spell happy birthday and everyone would just be like "Okay maybe we should have gotten the guy who makes balloon animals"
damnit bow beat me to it
YOU WANNA FIGHT THALIA PUT EM UP
thalia you murdered a ton of people. You're getting past three strikes and into "menace to society"
But i mean then we look at canary and I get sad
canary didn't deserve anything she got.
pink please do not harm the bees
rip
NOT THE PREGNANT 53 TRIGGER
capes gone wild that's me
NO
I DO NOT WANT FUCKING ENDBRINGER PORN
take your shitty leviathan suit and hot babe somewhere else
):<
Why is it always cape porn
I"M HALPING
yep
thanks meg
"Who were you talking to last night?" "Idk some short bitch she called me a cunt and I went to bed."
dol just wants to bang me
oh god are mendez and brigid going to fight over who gets to bang me
so what i'm getting here is that I'm going to bang a string of people in the PRT HQ
doot doot
spelt no
ah yes. Running as stupider.
fight me
I've been called worse.
thank u
):
i'm being bullied by strangers on the internet
pfft you said weewee
can i wear a cute outfit if i'm your nurse
gross
and yes faust
i have to wait until mendez is watching though dol
"Hey boss can you take a look at this..."
just let me strip
i don't want to be responsible for a thirteen year old passing out
Roll for anal circumference?
:-P
hey meg
hey nerds
mega am i allowed to solicit a prostitute on prt territory
boooo
can i spike the punch at the protectorate christmas party?
i. fuck
who dresses up as santa at the christmas party, mega? Spencer? Sorenson?
oh my god thalia
pink r u ok
pls don't rob a blood bank
thalia you're gpoing to give everyone hepatitis
but what is the airspeed velocity of an unladen elephant?
anti no
damn. i should have tried killing hookers
not homeless people
wow i'm so dumb
homeless people get sympathy
you find a dead hooker and you're just like well that's a shame but she was a hooker
are you saying you won't put out for me, thalia?
blood god
out of commission? He's DEAD
noooooo
that would be suicide
oh the prostitute
biotinkers are terrifying
okay lurk. I'll throw you in a room with bonesaw and see how much fun you have
Do you know what it's like to be slapped in the face with your own kidney?
I mean. Yes she will but.
THALIA NO
no more itches
I uh. I'll help.
(after I get psych clearance.)
come on dr. phan i already spilled my guts come on
many.
come on mendez she's a hottie can't I just have an hour to myself?
no one else really wants someone who looks like me. I ooze black smoke. And I can't make it pretty colored or use butterflies
There's a lot to get done in an hour
): don't send me away
I mean you really just have wink and dd to drop kick
EXCUSE spelt the assassination was an accident and that wasn't my fault
oh right.
Somehow I managed to shut down chrome
I FUCKED UP, SPELT
I'm just going to run around the HQ and try to make friends with everyone
"Hey forgemaster I saw one of your sculptures it's pretty rad want to be friends"
SPELT GO HOME
what do you have against being naked
you monster
it was
i don't know if a clockwork duck is considered cool shit
and then. what's the difference between a tinker and an engineering student
i didn't need a bullet in my skull
i'd hate to see what gwyn's blood pressure really is.
thalia noooooooo
so like shadowstalker?
Ah yes. Stranger protocols. Passwords and prayer.
I have a minor stranger rating.
is most of my fanmail just going to be requests for booby pics?
):
mendez just wanted me for my rack
PHO thread: "Cleveland Villain Killhand Switches Teams and Joins Cleveland Protectorate as Cwn Annwn" firs comment?
"Tits or gtfo"
I will keep that in mind, mega. I'll try to keep my nudes to myself.
):
my poor titties
yeah
that would suck. like oops i had a lunch date and now I'm on the WRONG EARTH
a mover who teleports every time they sneeze
scrotum changer.
http://safraninflare.tumblr.com/image/143818954845
god damnit why does my emo blog title curse me so
just look at my stupid dog
because you can take the girl out of the emo but not the emo out of the girl.
thank you for that anti.
You may now join the black parade
REST IN PIECES WORDS
all things in #moderation ?
(ah ah ah help me i have no friends because of these puns)
I once made anti walk out of a room because of a pun I made
he was Gming and he just stopped and got up and left.
sigh. Gotta love you two knuckleheads
you're pretty alright too, Dol
sigh. we love you too tuzi.
you're like the group mom. Always popping in and staring at us until we stop using IRC in class.
and you made me eat dinner once.
or the white girl version: Wine and nutella.
deer jesus, faust. Please do not snort that.
faust just because you CAN snort six bees doesn't mean you should.
faust. Is this because you made a deal with the devil? Is this why you're showing reckless behavior?
THE SHOES ARE IN THE OTHER ROOM
YES I DO SERK
I'm known here for yelling and penis jokes.
doot doot it's the pinkmobile coming through
thalia is allowed to call me a dumb cunt.
<3
Or tuzi will rise from the ashes and murder
?
the apartment complex dropped off a bag of candy and I had one thing of tropical starburst and I opened it and they're both the same flavor
you're right.
this is a better indication of my life than the fortune cookie that told me I was going to be visited by an alien
i'm terrified of aliens to be honest. and then the power went out that night so i was sure i was going to die
or be probed
OH NO IS SPELT GONNA WAKE UPO
tomorrow cleveland burns
rip
hello
DL
*D:
hello
SPELT IS GONNA FUCK ME UP
I'll just pee on everything he loves.
i'm so tired the fucking dog woke me and yum up at 5:30
No. He sits outside the door and cries
and he sounds like a deflating balloon
ARE YOU SAYING MY MOTHER IS OLD THALIA
my mom isn't even 50 yet. And ahh thalia don't kill meeee
Oh
THALIA GO HOME
it's a nice door
hey meg
rip
It's gonna be the new guy that fucks him over
or you'll just rise from the pavement with a giant strap on and fuck him in the ass
yeah seismic surfer
it's gonna be him or mendez fucking wink.
Either way spelt needs some lube
though I wanted to witness the rage of wink.
In the end, aren't we all our own worst enemies?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc5iTNVEOAg
I'm just going to end up being locked in the PRT HQ and only paraded out when Mendez needs to prove a point
Hey now. At least I always have a positive attitude. Even when I get arrested.
It doesn't equal competence but I don't let a little betrayal get me down, you know? It's not over until you're smeared on the pavement or in the birdcage.
vern you literally live in a cup of salt.
tru
just ask for your soul back and then they'll have to kill your husband. Ding ding
what happens if like. Two people. Two completely separate people promise their firstborns to two separate entities? And then like later they meet and they get married and have a kid together? Which entity gets the first born? Or do both get split custody?
like does this end in demon/fairy/witch/etc. family court?
it's a lot of debauchery and slaughter, yes
then do they lose their soul? Or does the second born go to the second entity? does the second born not carry any sort of power?
wait faust i'm not supposed to stick my penis in that?
BUT
you guys are no fun
Non half of that session was done in meat space and I wasn't able to jump in
Like I kept asking to jump in but I had to hold off because that's what anti wanted. I'm kind of tired of you picking on me and my character in particular when you don't really know what went on.
BOWS AND TOES IN THE BASEMENT, PLEDGE.
But no really like the comments about me are getting real old. It's finals week and I'm getting sick. I come here to fuck off not get berated about my supposed lack of intelligence.
I'm the void, jyg
I am everything and I am nothing.
I have taken a lot of Benadryl.
Can't sneeze when you're in a coma am I rights
Aiight.
I haven't had a secret session
oooh who's tripping balls?
morn
i have a final at 11:30. so I'm ready to like. Set myself on fire.
thanks mega unfortunaetly I don't know where my nail gun is. Or my stapler.
god damnit vern
like every time I turn around you're falling apart again do you know how much glue i've used.
You need to stay still while the glue dries, vern.
i haven't had pepperoni in a while...
consume the flesh of your enemies to remain young
blaze it
I said BLAZE I--Wait spelt no
NO FIRE SPELT
THALia NO
I turn around and spelt's burning everything and the living tampon has given half the population hepatitis
I SHOWED MY BOOBIES WILLINGLY
and now if i ever show them again mendez will probably fire me
secret cleveland shhh
how about you run.... FOR YOUR LIFE
you like big orcs and you cannot lie?
because dol is a national treasure
ugh gotta go to my final please wish me luck
i'm alive
hi vern
aight i guess.
and no i didnt read them
oh my jesus
so mega real talk am I allowed to go to the PRT christmas party?
oh?
what kind, faust
Hm. I'm interested but I'm trying not to fail physics. ):
my last two finals are tomorrrow and they're both going to kick my ass and then fuck it
dol no
Mega I'll trigger you
but that's my face
physics is going to make me trigger
i'm on lecture 25 out of 40 and my exam is tomorrow
yeah but I don't know what any of these variables are. Why are there like three different Ps and six different Rs what am I supposed to do with these.
fire is scary and thomas edison was a witch
night nerdo
i just had my ass kicked
That exam was bad and I still have one more. That one is going to fuck me in the ass.
i'll try but there's a lot
Beautiful
free the cat girls
hey mega
can someone set me on fire pls
but megaaaaaaaa
finals.
I have one more and it's my worst class and I CANNOT fail this class again
Physics
and I was woken up at 4:30 by the dog and then I had an 8AM final. and I still have one more and I'm just gonna pass out
like an hour and a half.
https://67.media.tumblr.com/9bacb5e67c536587c0af1949c99cfe26/tumblr_inline_o6qocpAzHm1rh4jie_540.jpg
i had an energy drink because that's what I could get from the vending machine
anti become the villain we all deserve
doot
thalia no do not simba
what is happen friends?
bad
v bad
morning
how u
good 2.
yes yes
yeah I had that maybe last week?
and hi vern
it was pretty short
I was like "What do you want" and nach was like "Yo people gonna steal your territory" and I was like "Lol DMH is dead I've got a new gig" but I didn't tell her what the gig was.
and then she told me to enjoy sleeping in my garbage dump
brb 1 sec need to take the dog to pee
ACKKKK
hi
i'm setting myself on fire
the poop bag broke
i'm gonna put the dog in puppy prison
HE SHAT ON A BUSH AND THE BUSH BROKE THE BAG
like why. Why do you always shit on the bushes
I just wish he was more considerate and didn't POOP ON BUSHES
mega dpn
*don't encourage him
the little asshole doesn't need ideas for things to do with his little asshole
hello friends
gregor the snail is a fucking gem
I would be friends with gregor the snail
still not letting me on, anti
monday would probably be better. spending all day tomorrow with the pretty-much-inlaws
I'm being used to make marinara
I'm the only one who knows how to cook.
(do you know what it's like to eat meat that's been cooked until it's grey)
I BRING FLAVOR INTO THIS HOUSEHOLD.
and yes teller I am using my blood to create the sauce
you were made into bacon?
anti when's my next sess gonna be?
:-P
I just want to make you sweat, meg
I'll try to talk as little as possible.
so i shouldn't talk about terry or my boobs or the time that I fucked my subordinate?
Ooh wait can I talk about the time that Wink claimed ownership of my ass? Well. Gave me a tramp stamp but I mean it's close.
"HELLO CLEVELAND ARE YOU READY TO ROCK????"
sigh I guess I'll be *good*, Mega
Just toss you bra out into the crowd
Mega are you saying you don't want three people to trigger right then and there?
You mean little miss closeted lesbian?
thalia you know I love you and your lesbians
I love all my lesbians
we were going to lesbians together but now you want to murder me
Watch the L word? Is it on netflix?
I was making a pun but now I think the peer pressure is going to make me watch it
YOU CAN DANCE IF YOU WANT TO
OH NO
aww anti called my husked face pretty.
tru
he also does not have a smol hiccupping pup on his lap
dol it is always time for focaccia
https://www.instagram.com/p/BFIa278kvgh/?taken-by=purplepoctopus
fear my pup
pup
he just kicked me in the boob
the puppy not anti
fuk u
awwww
though now I can't fucking listen to Bon Jovi without hearing the chorus of "SHOT THROUGH THE HEART AND QUEEN'S TO BLAME"
good night nerdos
I like dol too
I was going to go to sleep but then I got in bed and was like well i'm not really sleep i guess
holla
oh no a spelt
doot
anti NO
but
seduce me
YOU JUST DON'T WANT TO TRY
YOU CAN'T STOP OUR LOVE
i scream 90% of the time
but that's also because i'm italian.
if you ever need marinara I'll hook you up
hi
oh no spelt
anti no
antioch?? in MY chest cavity? It's more common than you think
i'm so tired. I made pasta for like ten people
my (pretty much at this point) mother-in-law has it all
i made so much. SO. MUCH. PASTA
and I ate SO MUCH pasta
I made penne with my special marinara
yes I put crack cocaine in the tomato sauce
yes hello
I RISE
hello
serk i got confused for a moment I thought I typed that because fucking Kiwi sucks and I was like but I didn't win a TV
i don't even know what I would do with a TV the one we have doesn't ever get used
THREE monitors. That's getting a little crazy serk.
BEARS?
THAT EXPLODE?
when did i get pinged?
Yeah I'll top
thalia wants to assassinate everyone
oh my god firlz
yes we is
Matt and I already ate so prob not
but the pickles are so far away
I AM BECOME PICKLE
oh i'm sorry i uh.
jyg you can't tell me what to fuckin do
i has pickle
I'm so happy.
it's a pickle, anti.
Idk they were in the refrigerator section at aldi anti they looked good so I bought it.
I was buying a bunch of cheeses because i made beer cheese fondue and they were there and I had to get them
fuck is the food channel #food or is it #cooking ? I hate kiwi I want my irccloud back
okay i'm bringing food talk there
thanks anti
he--oh shit that's cool
night!
hello friends
how is everyone
thalia you are the group psycho.
Like we need to invest in a straight jacket for you
new people come into the chat
"Who's that in the corner all tied up?" "Oh that's just thalia don't poke her she bites"
HEY MY TITS ARE LOVELY
oh no it's a spelt
what did I do now vern
oh okay
he asked
I just wanted to help
AGAIN VERN?
can you not get sick for like two days
i s2g I turn around and you're dead on the floor.
just don't get meningitis again this summer, please?
Oh. Oral. ;)
My first or second year of uni, my roommate and I had a class at the same time pretty early in the morning, so we would walk together. And she had this oral exam or something like that. it had a weird title but it had oral in it. So we go to split off and I couldn't remember what it was called so I told her "Good luck on your oral" while we were at
 a crowded corner
idk spelt
SPELT YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO TAKE PEOPLE'S LIMBS
what the fuck is wrong with you
morn
vern you can't even cure yourself of consumption.
and yes that is me that snail is me
good job spelt
now please have mercy on me.
thalia do not kill
DOWN THALIA
I want ruin as well ahh
WAIT THALIA NO
ANTI FIXED IT
oh
GUNDOR YOU FIXED IT
anti who you running
Is firlz dead yet
Not the surprise inspection
NO
FIRLZ REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED LAST TIME YOU TRIED TO RAID
one day i'm going to walk in and khandhas' corpse is just going to wash up on the shores of the lake
hm?
I heard my name
My fight was on the university campus
ugh
hi nerdos
eh. not in the best of moods today.
gib
(I failed physics again that's why i'm in a bad mood)
pfft yeah. Just take the summer class for me it's okay I just grew like six inches and got a race lift.
I agree ace. I'm bad at chem too (Biology is my jazz) but at least I appreciate chem and understand it. I just when it comes to the theoreticals I'm like lol whut
i just need to be punted into space.
no it's too hot for blankets spelt
I was banned for a bit too. Dunno why IRCcloud is such a dick
i could get on on kiwi
anti did some digging and somehow my IP was banned from IRCcloud
I wonder what a second trigger Cwn would be like
Killtits
invictus second triggered
damn anti beat me
well thalia invictus destroyed at least two police stations after losing his job and gaining a crippling drug addiction because some student accused him of being innapropriate with her
He died like a dog
Invictus was so cool
my leg
yo anti sounds like a robot at work
hey mega
we don't have a basement we live in an apartment
is firlz dead yet
sex dungeon, babe
we don't have a dungeon at all
it's always glogged
*clogged
how dead
oh
WILL YOU REMEMBER MEEEEEEEE
DON'T LET YOUR LIIIIIIIFFEEE PASS YOU BYYYYYYYYY
WEEP NOT FORRRRR THE MEMORIEEEEEEEEESSSSS
i had to sing that stupid song for choir one year
our lineup for that spring concert was this, my heart will go on, and uh. Go down moses.
which as a group of 15 year olds we turned into "Go down on moses"
my heart will go on was definitely the worst of them
every night in my dreams...
dol are you impersonating nonagon
Onitan? More like Oldi-tan ha ha ha ha this is why I have no friends
:D
it's that and thalia getting everything bloody
no it's not a period joke it's a "Thal likes blood borne diseases" joke
oh satan is here
lid r u ok
WHAT'S UP FUCKS ARE YOU READY TO ROCK
Uh I don't think we had anything scheduled for today
but i'm down for doing something if you are.
I need to fuckin figure out what to cook for dinner tho
You still have fucking six million bees on the recipe folder, anti.
SIX. MILLION. BEES.
Okay cool. I'm down for that
I'll try not to embarrass mega too much
I will not I will play the meek victim
Worst period ever.
I have control over my power, thalia.
thalia is planning to murder me and frame me for multiple deaths
i still can't believe giggs cooked mortal lock in his shell like a lobster
MY BRAND?
LID NO
rip lid's asshole
NOOOOO spelt
do not curse me
so gifted
Dear jesus
sorry tuzi i needed a body and you were there
i win
I FUCKED UP I AM SORRY
I'M SO SORRY
I think right now it's asylum
considering I just fucking ROLLED RIGHT ON TOP OF THALIA
and maybe sacrifice you to the dice gods
damnit i'm just gonna puke quesalupa everywhere
I don't even think Anti is human sometimes.
well the dice gods have spoken
oh fuck my parents.
MENDEZ CALLED MY PARENTS
I"M NOT A MINOR I DON'T NEED MY PARENTS
THEY HAVEN'T SENT ME ANY PHONE CALLS
hey nerdos
oh? Am I supposed to meet with you again, mega?
oh
yeah. oh god i fucked up so bad
D:
): i'm glad I did not puke
i'm already like barely allowed to exist
No mega you got him shocked in the back
OW OW OW THAT'S MY FACE
yes
SAFF YES
OH NO THAT'S MY KIDNEY
it's all our business now, Thalia
thalia how many people did you kill
what on earth has happened during your session?
I haven't been keeping up because my brain doesn't want to work today
mega did you betray her too
I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO'S BACKSTABBY
oh are we all  making firlz nervous?
shit it's soma
Soma has managed to pull off a post-death monologue AND a suitcase nuke. What more could you want
THALIA YOU DIED
how did you do this
well yeah but.
her coffee is pretty good
yeah the PRT don't fuck around
I mean the high rated master/stranger protocols are pretty much just "Fucking pray."
just retire from cape-ing and become a pornstar. You're your own gangbang
someone's gotta be into that shit
it's a strategic career move
(and nah new haven is dead I can barely function as a human being. GMing is out of the question)
thalia someone's BOUND to be in to that.
especially if he can find a way to explode into semen? Oh yeah that's the money shot
I DON'T KNOW THALIA I DON'T WATCH PORNOGRAPHY
i also just didn't care for GMing
I also started the campaign before a really bad time and I just lost momentum for everything.
what good shit. We make a lot of good shit
If you're making miso udon again though don't forget the miso this time.
y'all we sit down. We all have bowls of soup. And I've finished most of mine because I'm hungry as shit and then anti just goes white and he screams "I FUCKED UP" which in antispeak it's usually pretty bad
he forgot to put the miso in the miso soup.
But yeah I want to make coq give me some coq
(it was still v good soup but it was much better once he added the miso)
I dumped soc and now ANTI KEEPS MAKING ME ROLL IT
i played with a taser once.
thalia please teach me your ways
thalia you have looked into the RNG and the RNG looked back at you
maybe I need to seduce the bots
he just got a puppy
yumgar is the other meatspacer. He is in my living room playing the league of legends
Yes
did he?
Damn
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/xaOCiupv/13164370_10209645092473906_4165822222062054392_n
that's herger's dog
hello
how u
i saw spelt
and hi dol!
Nice job burst
*birdy
Uh. Just. Talk a lot
I don't know I don't have a method I just don't shut up
The Saff school of not shutting the fuck up
Hi been
*vern
AUTOCORRECT HATES YOU ALL
it tries to make dol dik
You're been
Birdy is burst
Though it tried horsy first
I got it. It was just a bad joke been
Doesn't do anything mega. I think it knows you'll fire me
that dump into guts was a good choice
No I have a high guts. My soc is low
I'm just glad I didn't get a zero in fornt of the crowd
everyone starts throwing tomatoes at me
YAY
I like cookies
tru
"hey does anyone ever think that sometimes chiew director costa-brown looks like alexandria?"
i'm sorry
I have shared the forbidden knowledge
is anti alive at all
he still has to pick up bred from my place
ace
so i'm actually terrified to have cwn meet with her parents
"Well honey you were a supervillain who firebombed two police stations. We're not exactly proud of you"
it's a bel
IF YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT PEPE'S IT'S SHIT FUCK PEPE'S
fuckin hate their pizza
everyone either loves it or hates it and I'm firmly in the hate category. Fuck that shit.
I mean there's pretty great pizza all over connecticut. There are places that I always have to hit when I visit home. But pepe's is shite
idk man I need to get bagels when I visit this summer.
Triggered after being left in the german sex dungeon
but.  but. They my bagles
*shrugs* germans do weird shit. Just look at vern
look with your special eyes
it's just shitty pizza. the crust is gross the cheese is always chewy
night bigger nerd
oh bow went radioactive? and he's rampaging? Unfortunate. I was looking forward to Worm 2
oh no spelt
it's chorno
hey meg
Did she"
?
I know I'm supposed to have one tonight. Gonna meet the parents
i heard but I didn't read the full session
what else is new
hot damn
mortal lock was a scumbag
Mortal DICK
but you know what? I came out employed with HEALTH BENEFITS and he came out as dead
he was a serial killer
we weren't exactly the most buddy buddy of groups
if everyone had been friends there would have been less backstabbing
I think Wink really dropped the ball on team building exercises
we should have gone to one of those ropes courses in the woods to build our skills. Done a trust fall or two
if you didn't know something though we'd all be dead
I mean blood is a human resource
that's because you were too busy accidentally slaughtering people
apocrypha is a bitch. very narratively interesting though
you never got your tampon friend though ):
i think i'm going to nap for a bit i feel like ded
bbl nerdos
dol!
hello friends
u too
hello meg
Dol!
What
I'm. I'm glad you made friends with the ladies of the night
good for her! Supporting herself through her education. Give her my regards
prostitutes know a lot
mega i'm so glad I joined the team and didn't let you brutally murder me
you're stuck in the "What the fuck is wrong with you shame basement"
at least you get the full ham
only half a ham would be rude
and i'll be cleared for duty at some point.
maybe
and she won't even look up from her stack of papers
just shoot, sip, "Spencer, send in the cleanup crew"
can I draw a dick on wink's corpse?
Pleeeeeeeaassseeeee mega?
I JUST WANT TO DEFACE A CORPSE
hi mishie
uh
Look wink branded my ass i might as well draw a dick on his face
i'm terrified of meeting my parents I'm gonna get the double welsh smackdown
"you became a supervillain without permission? God damnit we raised you better than this"
just steal all of the cauldron vials
can we weekend at bernie's her corpse?
mendez turns around and I'm just having a tea party with lock's corpse
"Oh how nice of you to say, Lock. I AM an asset to the team. Would you like more tea?"
"Oh you tinkers, always being so silly."
"Ah director mendez, would you like to join? I know you prefer coffee but we have plenty of tea."
Mendez takes a sip of tea *Triggers*
nah ace. He'll be undressed in a "paint me like one of your french girls" pose
mortal lock
nah i need to befriend gigawatt. Become really good friends. And then I need to die in the field while giggs watches
and then mega, you have to watch gigawatt spiral deeper into depression and drugs as she wastes away and you can do nothing to stop it
I would be okay with dying if it severely fucks gigawatt up. I'm trash
D:
D:
you're supposed to pet puppy
pls give belly rubs
what about ear scritches?
http://barkpost.com/50-dog-gif/ Actual footage of Cwn Annwn in the HQ
I likested it so I peeded on it
http://pimm.barkpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/panties808.jpg?q=70&fit=crop&crop=entropy&w=808&h=808
god damn u anti
omg ven
i mean yes it's a trained thing but it's still really funny
(dog training is really cool it's fun to do stupid shit like that)
dogs don't have a concept of guilt
though I do have a beautiful picture of bucky looking REALLY sad while hiding under a step stool
turns out he peed under there.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BBY_eZKkvib/?taken-by=purplepoctopus
there
aye aye cap
i feel like the only reason mega wanted me for the squad is because it's easier than trying to contain me
yeppo
yeah mega because otherwise my parents would have murdered me
I WILL SAY WHATEVER THE FUCK I WANT
you're not my real mom mendez!
but that would just make my shadow armor stop working and make my skin feel gross
it doesn't stop me from ripping the shit out fo everything
I THOUGHT YOU WERE GONE FOREVER AND NEVER COMING BACK
nah
THEN I GO TO PRISON
and thalia no i am not introducing them to my boy toy
"Mom, dad. This is Malcolm I rode his dick into the sunset"
Malcolm just nods. "Your daughter calls me daddy too"
(I'm going to hell i"m sorry)
Fail dex you put it int he wrong hole
Do I have to be nice to them?
I'm a nineteen year old girl.
did I really pick the same last name? Oops
I'm just gonna go stalking through HQ
now I just need Dol to come barging in in an attempt to seduce Gwyn
what's this guard's name? I'm naming him steve. Damnit steve you're not helping me
I always get stuck with the kiddos
I'M NOT YOUR BABYSItTER, MENDEZ
tru
because I can't find friends above the age of 12 apparently.
tuzi i curse you with the longest poop known to man
yeah who is it?
I'll vacuum them until they suffocate :3
Spelt you shouldn't have fucked your sister
DAMNIT TUZI WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO BRING THAT UP
oh my god gwyn is the most awkward person ever jesus fuck how did she ever convince mal to fuck her
anti is a madman
i'm so fuckin swole
watch out cleveland i'm gonna kick som ass
look man there's a reason i haven't been psych cleared yet
Skype? More like "YOU'RE FROZEN"
night spelt
pffft
oh my god anti
the easiest way to kill soma is to let soma kill himself.
shhhhhhh thalia
I'm totally trashing nach this session
ur an assclown
she's so awkward and fleetfoot is so nice and she's literally standing there trying not to pee herself in front of them
also i've been inside of feral.
NO SPICE GIRLS??
like i literally just.
How can you
but the spice girls.
BRITNEY
But who will hit me baby, one more time?
that's not a mistake that's a celebration
with the loss of japan though comes the loss of years of anime and the weeaboo in me is devastated by that
ur a potato gem
I can't imagine godzilla would be too populkar
oh my god the dog needs to stop eating my hands while I type
but what about the superior crispy crowns?
your friend Helen Whiteperson invited you to play Potato Gem
anti's making a PHO thread tomorrow for me being a hero now
probs yeah.
I've drawn it before. Technically it needs some minor edits because I inked it before anti gave the approval but it's pretty much the same
just uh. I was told "No to the stripes because you don't want to evoke images of the Siberian" and I mean he's definitely not wrong there.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/szjJU9ST/IMG_3829.JPG
excuse my poor drawing
I FLASH MY BOOBS ONCE AND NOW THAT'S ALL I AM TO YOU PEOPLE. ONE SINGULAR TIDDYBRESS
how else will people know where to put it though
because I always make shitty drawings of my characters and then play 20 questions whenever you're awake, anti?
I do love me some NPCs
......
I fuck one NPC and suddenly... suddenly i'm an NPC fucker.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/szjJU9ST/IMG_3829.JPG
MORNIN FUCKS
I think I do mega. I'll pass them on when I'm off mobile. Should be like ten minutes?
Thanks non.
I don't know but I think non and I just take turns shittalking each other in session
Like cwn and Nach will just find excuses to be like "OH THAT BITCH/CUNT"
I guess I got to get a new tramp stamp.
"Property of Sahara Mendez PRT Department 48"
If lost return to director Mendez
my computer is being a bitch mega I'll get you logs in a sec
http://pastebin.com/WSQkZMim
There you go Mega
Alan is pretty nice.
Feral is actually pretty cool
EVEN IF SHE ATE A WHOLE GRENADE
NO
I'll kill her vagina hurr hurr hurr
I thought for a moment she was the PI my parents hires
Which would explain why bel knew who she was but parents denied it
Nah. Too young
Fleet foot is too nice for his own good
Hey Nona what does Nach's costume look like? Just curious.
also mega thanks for the uh. Camera in my room
Thanks non
on hon hon baguette
uh. Uh. Bonjour.
LOOK GUYS I ONLY SUCCEEDED IN LATIN OK
I uh. yeah.
but I knew a lot of ways to say I was going to kill someone
you learn a lot about murder and killing and uh. Slavery too
one of the first words we learned was "Slave"
YES
that shit got real
it went from volcanos to political corruption
right mish? that shit was fun.
I did three years in high school and one in uni.
i'm so angry i'm just gonna have to like. Waterboard anti until he fesses up
or bribe him with more sweets.
speaking of bribes i have to ask him when we're doing tempura....
yeah that's mine
hi friend
(Shit got really real with queen around arc 5)
Look, Cour. Don't do cocaine before robbing an armored van
spelt i hope bow rains down from the heavens and shatters your bones with radioactive boar rage
(I have not read pact but I liked watching bow give the smackdown)
THALiA PLEASE DO NOT BRoADCAST ME CHANGING
Cleveland and technically berlin. Why tell?
oh hey anti u alive
I've applied for a few
Dunno. i mean anti was the one that dragged me here. I guess I've got brand loyalty
I HAVE TO CHANGE UNDER THE COVERS
Those are MY boobs, meg--wait they're already all over the internet
what if i have to uh.
i'm going to have to find like a broom closet for stress relief unless mendez wants a show
my dex is shite. Guess I'm SOL
Sorry tuzi
also mega i'm sorry for smashing my phone in your hallway
I mean sentinel deserved his ass kicked
he was kind of a dick
dol if you bang me in my room we can sell the sex tape
Tinkers gone wild
bow no
that's only if you're getting kinky bow
please do not barrage me in the face with semen
well if you fail the dex check you put it in the wrong hole
OKAY YOU PUT IT IN THE HOLE THAT WAS NOT AGREED UPON
some people would be upset if you accidentally put it in their butt
no i would be highly upset if someone accidentally put it in my butt.
I would be more upset
dol. somehow I think this is our fault.
olivedoggystyle?
I like cows.
and i've played almost every harvest moon since the game cube so I think I know a bit about agriculture
both. They're very cute and also tasty
Maybe we should moove this somewhere else?
i h8 u all
......
is the tanuki going to show up
OH NO THE GOOSE IS BACK
oh fuck not wink
GOD DAMNIT IT's BEEGO
CONQUISTADOR OH MY GOD
I"M PISSING
hopefully mendez doesn't kick my ass too much. I'm trying not to be a PR nightmare
WHO CALLED ME A FUCKIN FURRY
no one has translated the welsh yet i'm a little disappointed I picked this out special
I'm not a furry ))):
I'm having fun shittalking with wink
ooh shiny
aw wink got banned
anonym00s is going to end up being the one guy who triggered because zoup was trashed
or terry's brother
he went there every day for lunch
EVERY DAY
Maybe that's where he had his first date with his dead wife. Who knows
but then he comes in for his lunch break and the place is trashed.
"Zoup! is closed"
I owned zoup, ace
I never actually killed a hobo. ):
and yes I bought it.
with money
Still going
if it's DQ i'm stabbing everyone
god damnit beego
I love beego
oh shit noro is not fun i'm sorry
but i'm the puppy here
shit i'm a dog and a cat
I need to quit these claw type striker animal capes
thank you thalia that is a nice picture of me
gah i'm like a fucking crack addict whenever anything happens in cleveland i'm like I WANT TO HAVE ALL THE SESSIONS
I WANT TO GET CLEARED I WANT TO KILL A MAN I--wait i'm not supposed to do that one.
I don't want to kill a man but I want to at least patrol I want to fight I want to run around cleveland not in the nude
NO
ugh come on just give me like some normal pills and i'll go run out there and fightttttt
also fleetfoot is such a little gumdrop I love him
I want to squeeze his cheeks
He's like seventeen cwn is like a new 19 (October 19, 1990)
I can squeeze him
is that the *official* statement or the true statement
Let me put it this way. Will I be in trouble if I touch the dingle.
(i'm touching the dingle)
AM I GOING TO BE ALLOWED TO SEE H--oh am I not supposed to instigate dingle touching?
http://justsomething.co/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/apology-cakes-12.jpg
okay yeah tru
http://static.neatorama.com/images/2014-06/sorry-i-tased-you-cake.jpg From Gigawatt to Mortal Lock
Firlz look if I bang fleetfoot and we break up that does not support comraderie
SO I'LL BANG THE SQUADDIE
Hey baby show me your foam sprayer
oh
mega asked me to give valiant a life
so obviously that means bang a man who's like 30
I mean tru. but I'm just fucking around (maybe I need a better phrase) I'm not looking to bang all of the protectorate members
and idk from what I've seen is younger girls like the idea of older guys? But then they mature and want people their age.
*shrugs* At least that's what happened with me and my HS friends. We were all lusting over guys who could be our dads and now I'm head over heels for a guy who's two months younger than me
which isn't an age difference at all but
dear god no
and i'm nowhere near ten years outta high school. It'd be a lot longer than that
we're both 21
his gf is the best though
aye aye tell
#thedongle
we needed a channel...
i didnt even know we had those
i was aware of #nipplestapling
I just want to make friends with all the protectorate capes. Even CQ.
true.
uh. do i have access to cupcakes
everyone loves cupcakes.
parahumans is like 90% shitposting
Shitposting about games though.
(I really want to have a good fight. My only real one is the one where I got picked up by the heroes. I spent most of the SB vs DMH fight trying to fuckin make a hole in the ceiling)
Firlz killed the don firlz killed the don
MAKE ME THALIA
because i give anti brownies
I'm not begging for a session i'm just buzzing with excitement
tuzi is pretty much the group mom of course he goes to bed at reasonable hours
use coconut oil
two weeks into summer and i've already fucked my sleep schedule
NO I WILL NOT GO TO BED
rwby drama?
i'm in bed as well. But i am not asslep
I just finished it and I'm not exactly sure how I feel
Like what? I don't really keep up in the fandom
I guess you're right, yeah.
I think there's always a struggle between creation and corporation.
Yeah. I guess you're right. But I just. Don't know how I feel about the whole thing. Like on one hand they did really shitty things but on the other hand they were doing what they thought was best? Or both sides feel like they were doing what they thought was best? I don't know.
I'm also in the firm camp of "Workplaces and the like are doomed to fail"
you can't get a group of pretty much random people together and expect them all to like each other.
There's always going to be conflict and shit. But I have a pretty bitter and cynical outlook on life so.
I don't know. It also hit me in some weird ways because it felt a lot like how I did last summer with my job + depression. I don't like things that hit home like that.
GOOD MORN
no tuzi? ):
shhh it's ok we still like u
so soma's back?
back again?
soma's back
tell a friend
you did it tuzi bless u
and it's true
aw are we embarrassing tuzi?
Florida is full of gators and methheads
and disney world. Love me some disney world.
What's florida man been up to lately
Florida man killed his sick wife
florida just... It isn't real
I think anti brought up a miami campaign once?
what if our legs didn't know they were legs
yep
Okay Dio say it with me. THE. WORLD.
ZA WARUDO
OH MY GOD
I fuckin h8 u all
Your next line will be.... WAMUU.
Wamuu? AHHHHH
I need to get around to watching the rest of jojo's. I've only seen part one and two.
I want to cosplay as caesar so bad though. I have a wig that I've never used that I can repurpose but that pain would be his jacket
oh my god
ruining everything
kusakabe <3
firlz u dead yet?
Wait did kus just call dags an idiot
Beautiful.
Kusakabe is a national treasure.
Too bad he's bedridden.
I still love that spelt's typo was accidentally the best insult of all time
who's ded now
rip
Hello friends
Ah the pings
anti what happened to not being on the computer all night. :-P
Mega!
oh it's panda
i ahven't seen you in forever
eat them all no more birthdays
oh
rip
hm. I'm tired but i'm also not? I want to write but I don't and I also want to run around the house and sing and screm maybe but the puppy is sleeping and he's had a REALLY bad day
it's 12:30 at night I might get stabbed.
and my apartment is the size of a toothpick.
MORE CANADIANS???
I don't know how big mine is. It's not very large.
I'm just. Frustrated I guess.
thank u thalia.
Friend's new dog is apparently either a resource guarder or just straight dog selective. Puppy got attacked over a sausage and even after we separated them the dog kept trying to get him.
Me too bow. He's such a happy and friendly dog. He seemed fine when one of the other pups came to check on him (He was in my lap after the first incident) but I just really don't want him to be scared.
a walking pickle
I'm allergic to allergy medicine.
That was a fun one to diagnose. The doctor tried to make me feel better by telling me that she had a kid in the week before who was allergic to his inhaler but
That just made me think that it was time for the poor kid to give up
Also technically I'm allergic to dogs but I decided to tell that one no.
Why is anything a thing
Who are we really
THALIA FERAL FEELS EVERYTHING
DOL!
so mega am i allowed to engage in a prank war with fleetfoot?
if i can't be cleared for duty...
I WANT TO GO OUT AND KICK ASS SO BAD
that's gonna get me put on a list, thalia
but
MAKE ME VERN I'LL FIGHT YOU I'LL FIGHT YOU ALL
FIGHT ME
COME AT ME YOU.... YOU....
COTTON HEADED NINNY MUGGINS
I won't fight you dol i'm just gonna fight thalia
and vern
and probably spelt too i'd punch spelt.
Am I allowed to prank you mega
replace all the coffee with... DECAF
I can take he--no I can't take mendez
do i go right into a max security cell if i fuck with the coffee
oh.
I know that if you ever need to contain me I'm basically getting drugged to next tuesday
Queen was drugged up all the time. so much speed.
fuckin tinkers
thalia you've been put in time out because you murdered an entire PRT squad
Oops i accidentally turned my breakfast into a bomb
guess i'm gonna blow up downtown
I was... I was making a bakuda joke. ):
I DON'T GET TACO BELL WHILE UNDER HOUSE ARREST
unless I tell feral to get it for me
Hey cg
thalia are you ok
spelt drop the baby
DROP THE BABY
SAFF YES
NO
Spelt
is going to make me have a mental breakdown
DANCE BATTLE
I can make you uncomfortable.
Mayonnaise
I have taken her phone -yum
He has given me back my phone
We're waiting outside of anti's apartment.
I have a cake.
Tuzi I'm sorry I mayonnaise'd you
got to sacrifice someone to the dice gods
thalia no you are not allowed kazoos
Morning nerdos
hey friends
I'M SUPPOSED TO SEE MY BOYFRIEND'S PARENTS IN LIKE TEN MINUTES AND I CAN'T FIND MY PANTS
i found them.
eh. i'm pissed at his mom so I was hoping that the not having pants would be an excuse to be late. the pants betrayed me
gotta go nerdos
We got here and his parents aren't even here
Yeah yum's parents. It's. Complicated.
His mom is batshit insane.
And oh olive?
What do you mean?
The problem is that I keep trying to extend the olive branch and she'll take it and things will be fine and then she ACTS LIKE A CRAZY BITCH AGAIN
Idk man.
Yeah. It's just rough.
And olive what did you mean?
Oh. Okay. Yeah. I'm having fun with this. I think one of the big things that drives her is control vs. losing it. Being a villain and hurting people made her feel more in control over her life which led to her having more confidence. Losing control makes her regress into a socially anxious mess. She's unsure and self conscious.
(But it also means my psych evals are abysmal at best)
Yes been
*bern
*VERN
Yes my WAIFU.
Yeah. Definitely stream of consciousness.
I don't play myself.
Hm. You're on the right track mega. I think she was lashing out in an attempt to feel on control.
She killed terry because he embarrassed her and ruined her plans.
A little bit, yeah. Spelt and I have talked about this. If my schedule hadn't been so crazy when Cleveland started back up then I would have been wink's murder protege.
Yep two
*yep yep
I swear my phone suck
Yeah. I think a rigid structure is what would be best for her
(We all love you vern)
I have many waifus
And husbandos. I have options
Is Thalia just lady gaga
Yeah
Not the smartest thing Thalia has done but we all make mistakes
In the words of Hannah Montana. Everybody makes mistakes. Everybody has those days.
If fidler hacks my webcam and broadcasts my nudes on the internet again.
I can finally run through my own rends
Ughhhhhh I want to go hoooonmmeee
I'm stuck inside because the dog is being an asshole but now I'm getting yelled at for being inside
A little bit of yum a little bit of his mom.
But Bucky tried to run into the road like I'm just. I've already almost lost him once this week I'm paranoid and tired.
It's hot out.
Hey dol
I ate too much
Thank you dik
Dik
DOL
ITS BECAUSE DIKDIK
roll me out of the restaurant.
Some Mexican place I ate too many chip
No, anti. One in fosters
It's all right. Not bad but not stellar
it's a me, mario
i hate u all
someone punt me into the sun i'm trying to write but i cannot
lid you can have my fingers
oh
nyoom nyoom motherfucker
thalia i will pee on everything you love
it won't matter when everything is covered in PEE
i'll get anti to make me a robotic chest cavity
it'll be better. With blackjack. And hookers.
I'LL PUNCH U
tuzi's trying to be a romantic and mishie is just not having it.
HE'S TRYING TO CHANGE, MISHIE.
wait is this just some weird australian mating ritual?
okay good
I figured it out
NOT SPIDERS
australia isn't rela
*real
It's not real
LOOK i just learned like a month ago that live armadillos exist
and now your'e trying to feed me this "Australia" bullshti
maybe I should just get drunk and pet the puppy
he's not really into belly rubs. He likes head pets and back pets and kisses
No, no lid. I've only ever seen dead ones
which means it's just a government conspiracy to keep vermin out of the road
I like that mango
i broke lid
anti what's the underground doc's name again? I can't remember. Something with a T?
I'm not gonna tell valiant about my underwear unless I'm planning on riding him into the sunset
Thank you thalia.
*shrugs* I'm known for comments like that. Not a big deal
I'm sorry about the soy sauce
I really let you down
okay I knew it was something with a T. I'm writing about my kidney
god this is so bad i'm just gonna punch myself in the face
no i never lost the kidney.
"Coldhand brought me Gatorade and told me I was a loser. He was probably right."
pfffft you're meddling in my posts?
No more telling wink to suck my dick
or telling him he's going to be alone in a warehouse with no taco bell
I didn't reveal too much did I?
Queen lived off of egg mcmuffins and cocaine.
the nectar of the gods.
get the clones to do the paperwork while you watch reruns of teen mom
twinkle twinkle little star why is WRITING FUCKIN HARD
No I AM the hounds
Sorry I got you killed
Gwyn is starting to feel bad about it
You're half the reason I'm in therapy
THERAP--oh he's gone
Everyone is DED
Shhh it's okay lex
Hello
Hey dol
What meeting? Spending time with my bf's parents? My dog was being a shit so I sat inside with him and the yorkie. Then got yelled at for being inside. And then we went to a shitty Mexican place. Pretty par for the course
Yeah. He let me sleep and he's taking me for not shitty food tonight
We had a better night once we got home.
We don't see my parents until July but I'm stoked. BAGELS, dol. BAGELS.
And you know seeing my family is really nice too
(I do love my family and I am excited to see them. But I'm also psyched for the food opportunities)
My mom is an amazing cook. And baker.
So going home means I get to have a ton of awesome home cooked food that I didn't have to prepare myself
Hi Vern
Me a best? No u a best
We're all friends here why keep sekrits
I'm all the Smol animals
Yum brought me coffee
So now I am awake
normally he begs me to come with him. I don't know what's come over him
(also his parents dumped a ton of guilt money on us because they feel bad they caused trouble again so we have a small amount of disposable income for once)
so now i have a coffee
yeah he's pretty great. But he's mine.
Down vern
anti's threatened to get me a saber body pillow
because anti is trash.
You know which saber, you fucktrumpet
just plain ol' saber. Arturia. I'm still salty that they made like six different versions of her
pink was telling the story of the ugly barnacle?
detroit, whose slogan is "At least we're not cleveland"
yes you are
Mega!
Uhhhhh. Can I.... Purchase.... soup? Wow, that's a lame combo
oh god vern we're friends on facebook now you can see all the dumb shit I did in high school
damn. I mean it was worth a shot, Meg
DOGS ARE BEAUTIFUL
which pictures
oh
HE'S MY SON
I need to get my hair cut again. But i need to redye it before then. And have money to do both of those things
I had mine close to that length for a while, then I cut it all off in october, dyed it in February when I quit my restaurant job
and you're not wrong spelt. It would take FOREVER for my hair to dry
Hey winged
So yeah I chopped mine into a stylized bob and now it's been a few months so it's shoulder length. I want it to look sharp and styled again. but it's like $12 for the dye and $35 for the hair cut.
yeah. uh. So dol how many people have you ruin murdered
oh
KILL
that's cheap for a girl haircut.
My mom pays close to $80
Europe, man.
please explain your strange customs and your good chocolate
No
anti does. I do not.
yeah. I keep meaning to give it to you and then I forget
I'm not gonna flash the internet again mendez would probably spank me. ):
slap on the wrist
but you were the one who put the camera in my room
you ordered the camera to be placed in there
but. What could I get up to in my bedroom that you'd need to see?
i don't think i'm on the first floor
hey bow
):
Molly Ringwald was so pretty back in the day
I've been elbow deep in feral's guts. I think she liked it.
so go elbow deep into the bot, tell.
oh me too
I'm assuming they'll take out my "Suck my dick" to wink
anti's PR-ifying my PHO posts, meg
but I mean. wink kind of deserved it
I also told wink that he was going to end up sad and alone in a warehouse with no one to bring him taco bell if he keeps killing his friends
No taco bell for spelt
OH NO
Oh gof
guess I'm digging out of the building and running
:D
there will be no cwnhand
):<
I h8 u all
hey bel
thalia no
why does everyone have to put their semen in the port
oh. I'm sorry pink I don't know proper naval codes
okay good it's seven you scared me firlz
because I'm about to go to dinner and anti was supposed to run me today too
fuck that means i have to find pants.
you are correct, Firlz. But that still requires digging through the pile of unfolded laundry
thankfully my pants were on the top. Otherwise it would have turned into twenty minutes of me screaming while rolling around in the laundry
I'm going out to dinner I can't just show up in my robe. Even if it is comfy.
i only have one
I just want a medival cloak
Catch y'all later
Yep
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/zUD9mtEz/IMG_3930.JPG
Where do you keep your milk eggs
Yeah. We don't got many of them.
Too many tinkers
Queen was the last Cleveland mover
i am alive and well and stuffed
I ated too much
we went to sitar, anti.
and I always eat too much when we go there. We came home with a shitton of garlic naan
yeah. I'm down for that. make a facebook message and we can discuss.
south, down to gulf shoes
*Shores
thalia that was a bad pun and you know it
go sit in the corner of shame
have you made the PR edits yet, anti?
right right.
write the zoup! trigger
Soma. You're known for your over the top plans that usually end up getting you dead
Yep. Soma's good for the dramatic.
But I'll never forget that I won a fuckin grail war because soma's last tooth fell out.
I think I liked runaway the best
But then again I like playing younger characters who are fucked over by circumstance
nice job soma you're a drunk
Shaker!
For once I agree with spelt. Shaker/Mover not only fits but it's cool. And unless i'm blanking there aren't any shaker PCs?
if we piss you off are you a salt shaker?
cleveland
hehehe
SUFFEr
who's next?
goodness.
CG good luck
I uh. I hope you can get some help, CG.
oh god that would be cool
button eyes button eyes
I mean that's how the cape feels inside.
ew so they're making like. rat kings shaped like people?
that's so fucked up i like it
now this is the stuff of nightmares. I like
that's not a man. it's just two rats in a trenchcoat
rat boi
oh shit waddup
god damn tinkers
Some other magic asshole.
GOD DMAN
he'll help you kill loup garou but then he'll take over
and you'll just sit there seething in the corner
Someone take out delphi
like me~
disclaimer: Please do not shoot me for wrecking your shit
because I like not having BULLET HOLES IN ME
I will pee on everything you love. Mendez didn't say I couldn't do that
how many dongs do you have
Oh I totally read that wrong
I read that as "Name all of your dongs" for some reason
I know what a dongle is but.
Bel stop trying to seduce everyone with nonsense
Lurk you're not wrong
OH MY GOD. There's this fuckin fruit fly that won't leave me ALONE
the vinegar trap didn't work. And they just keep coming. People leave their garbage in the hallway so they just multiply and then get into the rooms
The best luck we've had is dousing them with hairspray when we see them
Yeah. I live in an apartment building.
PINK SHUT UP
i live a door down from the trash shoot so I get the brunt of them. It's fucking annoying.
i tried one of those but no flies went into it. we had it out for like two weeks and nothing.
They're fruit flies so I used apple cider vinegar
The same trap that bow told me to use last time I had this problem.
I'm pretty sure. They're a bit of a different color then the ones I'm used to but they're the right size for fruit flies
they're not house flies
i'll try
Ah yes. The life orb
and the clingy FWB award goes to Cwn Annwn
I never hit on knuckleball he's sixteen
no
Malcolm. My former subordinate
the one I fucked.
that's fleetfoot
he's a sweetie but he don't swing my way
She's 19
like just turned nineteen.
anti isn't human
oh my god i'm just. Cwn is going to end up in a padded cell and I'm like 90% sure of that at this point
she just got smacked down by one of her coworkers and then told that her crush didn't feel the same way.
like at this point she might just end up doing blow with gigawatt
you're like 12 you must be this tall to snort coke
dolllll cwn's gonna end up in the loony bin ):
No
Firlz you're a little jumbled.
Lock and I had a fight that was supposed to be a publicity stunt
PRT showed up. Lock wanted me to come with him, Valiant wanted me to go with the heroes. I went with valiant and Lock got pissed. He went to go shoot up Malcolm, I got the PRT to save him. Giggs accidentally shocked him through his suit and he died
but they didn't know until they went to question him and they opened his suit and he was more cooked than a lobster.
I have a feeling soon my costume will just be a straight jacket.
Oh no spelt
Oh mega's here. Uhhh
I might have had a breakdown in your building.
At least I didn't punch undine?
Look I know I punched her but she deserves it
She was mean to me Thalia. ):
She's batman
....tru
AND IN THIS CORNEE
well dol now Gwyn is single.
Like. I JUST SAVED YOUR LIFE.
True.
But mega you did say you wanted me to give valiant a life
Someone killed them all.
Bye Meg!
So now's when I seduce valiant right.
:D
Seducing wink would be a chore. He just keeps going. And going.
who got the rat master for cleveland yesterday?
Because if they don't have a tea party with their rats i'm going to be super disappointed
Like. I JUST SAVED YOUR LIFE." Wow. Just because you saved his life, he has to date you? Let's unpack this.
collect some receipts, non
why is there a quote on rat tea
;) kinky
hey tuzi
serk have a tea party with your rats
MY NEIGhBOR IS DROPPING THE BASS
I ACCIDENTALLY PEPPER SPRAYED MYSELF
i put the chili stuff into the hot pan and it made vapor and it burns
hey meg
not much. making dinner
i'm making chili
and yeah I fucked up.
I've iced my eyes though and they feel a little better.
just don't put your spicies into the hot pan without something to buffer.
Hm. Actually I think I had the heat on too high for too long. That's what did it.
a hug? From mendez?
yeah...
you bid 4
he's typecast as bad as i am
hey vern
i'll just fight undine
sentinel sucked ass
oh no not ratboy
yes
Uhhh
uhhhhhhhh
uhhh no me gusta uhhh.
shit why can't i think of old meme
I will meme better. Meme harder.
please don't fuck tin mother
i was going to make some sort of denny's joke but i don't even know what's on their menu. I looked it up and I think like 20 years have been taken off of my lifespan
like i felt my arteries clogging
I'll grand slam you, CG.
GRAND SLAM YOU INTO THE SUNSET
(this is why I have no friends)
(dol you know you're my friend)
oh
you're bleeding because you don't floss
I had braces twice. Worth it both times but damn it wasn't fun
vern how many different identities are you going to create
ANTI THE FUCKIGN GUN RAMEN IS BACK
http://safraninflare.tumblr.com/post/144827202105
spelt there
every time this post comes around someone tags anti in it
and every time he's just like "I HAVE NEVER EVEN TOUCH A GUN WHY WOULD I PUT IT IN MY SOUP"
night emga
And they had soup. With guns. Gunsoup.
shhh spelt you're okay
no weeping
there's no crying in weaver dice.
corporate capes
AH YES IT'S BOUNTY MAN
villains are so much more fun to play than heroes.
oh. It's 6:02. I've lost my boyfriend to overwatch. RIP.
PINK NO
YOU CAN"T HIDE FROM THE PLOT
true. I mean cleveland itself started with a double power vacuum
yes. a superpowered bowling team
or a group of mercenaries? Like the Bayfield four?
maybe try some sudafed?
please do not put a penis in your sinuses
up one nose? Do you have multiple noses
hm. I'm wondering what i should do in terms of characterization right now.
Because I don't want six arcs of therapy sessions but I don't want an unbelieveable switch between hot mess and Hero™
I'm not doing that ble
bel
i can type good today
I DON"T WANT TO GO TO PRISON AND/OR DISAPPOINT VALIANT
i h8 u all
yeah. Still got to do power testing before I can punch someone
I'd love to punch undine but I think becoming a cam model might get me in some trouble
he's chilling with TGK
Because I don't want six arcs of therapy sessions but I don't want an unbelieveable switch between hot mess and Hero™" Have a heroic death where you redeem yourself taking down Wink, but sadly die in the process.
If I'm gonna have a heroic death i want it to be after i befriend gigawatt. Become her best friend and then DIE RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER
nonagon, always going for the murder.
shuddup short bitch
\o/
I got tuzi brought in because I'm a hopeless case
i mean that's accurate if you're pointing at me
but please I don't want any sweaty balls
hurr hurr hurr
it's okay we'll only stab you for that pun
tuzi it's your job to get me ready for active duty.
it's always a party when you're here vern
I will rend everything you love
but
"So, doc. You're saying I need to sleep with wink to make my problems go away?"
hm. Do I want more chili before I put it away?
's my chili!
(i'll make some for you and shannon at some point. I enjoy making chili)
he better be
are you just gonna lobotomize me
Dr. Tuzi is than an icepick
or are you just happy to see me
hahaha oh god why
oh my god now i'm creeped out.
I get an icepick to the frontal lobe?
YOU'RE ALREADY STICKING SHIT IN MY SKULL
GAH
I'd rend the shit out of you
YOU PUT A SHARP THING NEAR MY EYE SOCKET
):
tuzi please don't do anything unethical to me
BEL THAT WAS ONE TIME
Well. two.
NO
no lobotomies no telling me to sleep my way to the top no harming my frail psyche
I PICKED UP THE PUPPY AND HE STUCK HIS TONGUE IN MY MOUTH
I KNOW WHERE THAT TONGUE HAS BEEN
tuzi is going to ruin me
rip me
i was trying to talk and he just. Sigh.
So I'm going to walk into phan's office and it's gonna be oops this isn't phan this is who we had to fly in special because you and gigawatt are going to fuck up the place
he's my son
he's upset me now
*upset with
wait no tuzi peel off a phan mask and surprise it you
I'm either going to really like this or end up being more emotionally scarred
"Nonagon, ruining lives one step at a time."
tuzi is apparently a cute anime girl
I was going to finish my session tonight but now tuzi is my therapist so I think that's getting postponed while he preps the lobotomy table.
(tuzi you know I love you)
(just please don't stick an icepick in my eye socket)
has everyone seen my psych eval at this point?
Actually tuzi I should probably link you to the journal too
anti gave me an actual psychiatric evaluation test and I had to fill it out as cwn
anti goes big or he goes home
I uh. PTSD, possible bipolar disorder, and a definite panic disorder.
but I don't have a substance abuse problem
Her trigger event.
it was less than six months ago
I'm just saying what the test said
Yeah, dol. and idk words I just know what the test said. I think those things are just a starting point and not the actual diagnosis though
nachzehrer isn't allowed to be my therapist she called me a dumb cunt.
"And did you ever consider that you're a short bitch?"
i'll fight u
not you dol. Nonagon. I'm gonna fight non.
PUT EM UP PRINCESS
oh.
u
zelda just bitch slap him
nonagon only likes rare memes
JOIN US
i don't know
we don't have a costco in town, thalia
we are barren
but the sam's club is in a sketch part of town
you're a walmart
chat is so dead tonight
tuzi what's your therapist's name, so I can amend the journal?
hurr hurr hurr bow
My eye doctor is named Dr. Leslie Doctor.
She is literally doctor doctor. and so was her father.
Dr. Freeman, tuzi?
I DOn"T WANT CROWBARS OR ICE PICKS OR ANTYHJIGN THAT WILL CAUSE ME BODILY HARM
pandas don't want to be saved
hey hey hey
harming the homeless is MY thing
mishie do you ride your kangaroo everywhere
hello friend
on a scale of 1 to mayo how white is this day
Oh my god.
i'm gonna skeep goodnight remaining nerdos
Hey nerds
No Meg. Uh. Tuzi is the therapist now
Apparently giggs and I are so cracked we needed a special specialist
No. Cocaine'd
Megaaaaa can I snort coke with gigawatt
So far I'm not allowed to snort coke, sleep with anyone, hack the camera in my bedroom to set up a sexy live stream, punch undine, punch wink, talk to wink, and uh. Go outside.
OKAY
Did I do it right?
Rip
No I'm excited to fonish this session even if tuzi threatened to lobotomize me
"But doc undine was a bitch and I got dumped what do you mean I should get over it"
Oh. But Thalia I thought we were friends
Yeah Vern?
Put crazy wherever you want
I need to find a ducking pop tart
Hey
Good. I found my pop tarts
thank you
who invited jack slash to the bbq
look first we let one in and then i'm gonna turn around and bonesaw's gonna be in my fuckin face
I'm the other one! Cleveland is my jam
(but spelt has played the same character throughout the whole thing. I've had two)
I forgot about firlz
I have never died. I just had to leave town because of a bum rep.
Hey tuzi
I was telling mega about your plan to lobotomize me ):
(Tuzi is also a huge mom. I've gotten in a ton of trouble with him before for IRCing in class)
hey bow
we're showing them around the place
And over there is the shame corner
don't end up in the shame corner
HEY. Thalia lives in the shame corner more than I do
look my waifu pillow spruces up the place.
I got to get comfy while I wait for anti and tuzi to be free so I can finally finish this session
tuzi is just great in general. I've never wanted to punch tuzi in the face
Yeah I'm a ball of anger.
shh it's okay tell you'll get it next time
hey mega
you get over the enlightenment once you talk to him about coconut oil as a sexual lubricant.
taste the rainbow?
oh no
you did good
me
beat up with ricin
hopefully soon. I want to finish this session so I can dump shit into the journal project
it's not a nightmare journal.
but yeah it's a journal written from the perspective of cwn as a therapeutic exercise.
it pretty much starts out as "this is stupid but my therapist told me to do it"
I actually edited it a lot, mega. To reflect that now tuzi is the therapist
it's just a lot of me fucking around to try to get better acquainted with the character.
basically the best way to get into a campaign is stick around, make friends, and be in the right place at the right time.
(or just dump buckets of food on antioch that works too)
thank you vern
i needed that pic right meow
i'm so BORED
I hate babies
brb going to the store
SO MUCH GOOD SHIT AT STORE
I LIKE COOKING SHIT
i'm making beer cheese fondue
No. no fountain or pot
GET HIM
HEY I'm no yeah i'm a bad head case sorry
yamada is pretty grreat
first tuzi threatens to lobotomize me
and now jyg wants to drug m
me
you might kill gigawatt
you give kill and giggs a chance, but you didn't help poor amphetamine queen
Hello jeffrey. I am afraid
So does this mean I can snort cocaine with gigawatt?
):
Can i lure people under the mistletoe at the christmas party
what about meth
uh... I'll snort a marijuana?
idk where are we holding the christmas party?
I'll make out with everyone. Except undine.
am i not invited to the christmas party? ):
rip becky
i'm going to spend christmas alone in my room singing christmas carols to the camera, aren't I ):
OR I'LL PUNCH HER
CAN I DO IT
when we gonna do this
I'M PUMPED
oh. I uh. You said only if they wanted me to.
.....No I guess not.
also uh i think we might need a new wall
Oh.
):
night meg
i'll try not to destroy things while you're gone
I WILL RISE AGAIN
who's pete?
DO I HAVE TO FIGHT HIM
that means you're a robot, Jyg
sorry to have to break it to you this way
so, anti, tuzi? When we gonna do this shitshow?
okiedoke.
check the corner of shame
u done it
i'm ready whenever
i'm game
or ice pick it.
oh my god my neighbors are blasting music at the pool.
SOMA WHERE DID YOU COME FROM
Snacks? You fiend.
D:
oh no cashy died
Though I wonder if there were any 53s left in cleveland. They'd probably all roll their eyes at me and be like "She thinks she's a monster? She's a hot chick with a bit of smoke. I've got an extra mouth on my stomach and six arms. How do you think I feel?"
If I kill the shrink I probably go to jail
the PRT officer outside just hears a ton of screaming, she comes in. I'm covered in blood and there's chunks of dead therapist all over
This uh. This isn't what it looks like
He uh. Had a spider on him
were you anonym00s?
because in my head you're now totally the person who triggered because of zoup!
and yes pink
I have no secret identity
is this when I begin a sordid and unethical love affair with my therapist?
(i'm sorry i'm not helping cwn's campaign slut image at all)
Hm. This room isn't working on my browser now
I know spelt was having trouble today so I must have caught it from him
Surprise
Soma you're dead
Is this when I get lobotomized
Now tuzi is drugging me
I WANT TO BREAK FREEEEE
oh
Do not squish me
Tuzi's alive again
I'm not a fan of Labradors.
I prefer fluffier dogs.
I'm down for golden retrievers but labs. Nah.
Boof
BOOF
Now you comfy
You are now warm
Tuzi no don't kill dol I like dol
If cwn and wink have one thing in common, it's probably that they both love to hear themselves talk
:-P
Pfffttt shitter
And no terry DROPPPED ME
I'm not going to mince you. But I could.
Balls of steel balls of steel
I haven't been to that zoo in years.
I once watched a peacock fight a vending machine.
WAIT IT'S BACK
I can get on here on my laptop now
yeah i'm ready to peace out. I've enjoyed it, tuzi.
I'LL KICK SOMEONE'S ASS I'LL KICK MY OWN ASS
thanks dol
Cashy has been having a bad day
teller's been like elbow deep in cashy's guts.
i love it when the bots talk
now i need to get cleared for duty so I can punch wink. CUE THE TRAINING MONTAGE
http://goblingrog.com/blog/2016/4/26/the-12-worst-dd-houserules here's a nice read for the nerds who are still awake
Thalia.
Hey Faust. Haven't seen you in a bit
Good to see you're back
Oh no spelt
news
shhh you're supposed to be napping, Lid. Didn't you get the memo?
shhh it'll all be over soon
Shhhhh
oh no
Is dol a magical girl
you sound like a magical girl
FUCK THAT RABBIT THING
):
Of course when I showed Madoka to my boyfriend he just kept nodding and going "You know Kyubey has a point"
he did a lot wrong, thalia
PREADOLESCENT GIRLS CANNOT CONSENT TO A CONTRACT
I've got to go shopping god damn
being meguca is suffering
DOES NO ONE CARE ABOUT CONTRACT LAW
ugh. I'm awake i swear
SOMAAAAA. how are you?
oh? looking for me>
Oh cool. Yeah sure I'll take a peek for you
That's what you missed
DID SOMEONE SAY KILL TERRY?
I WILL DO IT
why not dol ):
I'll come in, claws a blazin. "Heard you had a terry that needed rending."
Queen wouldn't do that. She'd just snort some coke and kick someone in the face
mega you're up early? Late?
yeah i was playing fuckin magical diary again because i'm trash
I MARRIED THE PROFESSOR. AGAIN.
I was supposed to fuck up royally and get kicked out of school and divorced but instead i uh. Got max merits and the perfect ending.
those are the last two achievements we need and I just haven't. Been able to make myself do it
I mean beer pong is srs business.
pink, killing people makes them DEAD
thanks pink
Wait no sorry that was CG
panface? is that like armorface?
http://goblingrog.com/blog/2016/4/26/the-12-worst-dd-houserules
Faust, roll to poop.
):<
I think we need to quarter this off. Put it somewhere else
...... you look lovely tonight bow
is that a new font?
Sol!
*dol
You are correct
Yeah spelt.
Anti is fun for sing along time
Hey wilbdow
hey meg
good morn
well it's not morn anymore but
I just woke up
So uh. Mega. What is a definitive list of things I'm not allowed to do at the christmas party?
you flash someone once and now everyone is like "she has boobies."
thalia ran around cleveland in the nude
feral can barely keep her clothes on
I AM NOT A CAM MODEL
anyway the smoke would obscure all the fun bits
I love how bel just became our colloquial for someone who has the potential to trigger but hasn't.
What did I walk into
Amish tinkers?
hey tuzi
how u\
tired.
SPELT you need your hands
oh
okay
Tuzi is the psychiatrist for the PRT
who's up next in the cleveland queue, Anti?
could be a gigg session
Gigawatt and I are the big ticket basket cases of Dept 48
I have a feeling bow's sessions will be private.
I don't think there's a physical queue. he probably has one in his head jumbled all up in there
CG? RAT BOI
OH SHIT WADDUP
wait cg is mover. damn
I FUCKED UP
"look doc i snort because I can."
): we'll always have our love, Dolyn.
THEY CAN'T STOP IT
Awwww tuzi come oooonnnn. I've already been elbow deep in feral.
Someone's got to be the office slut and I think I can take on the role. I'll write a blog.
"Today I banged Forgemaster. He was grumpy and the room was hot. 3/10 would do again."
spelt are you going to flay my parents?
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mc1y1htvAJ1rsyt7lo6_250.gif
I would love to bang valiant but i'm pretty sure mendez would punt me into the sun
Tuzi your constant offers of liquids is getting suspicious.
I want to have a session with gigawatt now.
tuzi how did you let her escape
EVEN I DIDN'T RUN
be glad you didn't go zap
no? giga hasn't been npc'd
HOW DID YOU LET HER SNORT COKE
maybe I'm not the most whacked out in the department
Sure I killed a man but i'm not running out of the office
(I'm just being dragged in)
Mmm toilet coke
I sweat
*swear
everyone does
pigs are cute
so who is going to get institutionalized first, tuzi?
me or giggs?
Rip
His lab got blown up
I mean to be fair mortal lock was a stupid asshole
Dear Jesus.
I need to give giggs a pat on the back. "Thanks for killing that asshole for me"
Tell undine not to be mean to me
Team Coke
Oh. Rip.
Oh no Now I NEED to die in front of gigawatt.
I need to ruin her psyche.
But I don't want to die
tuzi no snorting you just told gigg not to
Not today, Satan.
i fucked up serk
i appreciate u serk
i thought he was talking about Feral but yeah I guess they want my nudes too
PRT Department 48: Forest of Nudes
Ur an armed robbery
shhh firlz they're not supposed to know she snorts shittons of coke
Valiant is the only cape who knows
and that's because he's /fucking valiant/
DO NOT KILL VALIANT
he's the hero we all deserve
FIRLZ NO
edward taserhands
did forgemaster make my mask, anti?
"Can you make that smoke a little less spooky?"
;) you know it faust
oh fuck
I'M NOT A FUCKIN FURRY
I just have the shadow armor of a wolf
I'll beat narwhal I'll be best waifu
Yandere waifu
oh panda is alive
thalia there are so many better facial hair options than a goatee.
please consider them
I mean they'll both scream if I stab them
but now you
met at summer camp
and after piercing each other's ears with dirty needles you need to switch places and bring your parents back together
there you go.
aint that lucky. no one's calling gigawatt a murderer online.
I ONLY KILLED ONE MAN
):
shit i forgot she has fucking KNUCKLE TATTOOS
unless that got retconned i'm literally running around the protectorate with "kill" and "Hand" on my fingers
no wonder they gave me gloves
fuck uh. look i'm sorry about that sorenson but like in my defense at the time it was really bitchin
yes. welcome to the dungeon
have you read any logs at all? i know some people have posted theirs on reddit
so what brings you here? what do you like? What is your opinion on pineapple on pizze?
*Pizza
he's like benadryl crumblesnatch. Just make something up that sounds vaguely like what it's supposed to be and you're good
oh shit a GM
(I mean that in a really good way)
better than people like me who try Gming for a hot second then realize they suck at it.
(I cared more about my NPCs than my PCs and I just gave up)
Anyway I've gotta go to bed. Nice to mee t you, roap. Hope to see you 'round soon.
but I've gotta go skeep. Night nerdos
Oh no spelt
Hey friends
Mega I made friends with giggs!
We shared onion rings
I feel like a kindergartener.
MOM MOM LOOK WHAT I DID
MOM WINK BEAT ME UP ON THE PLAYGROUND HE SAID I WAS A STUPID HEAD
):
she's 19
which would have been awesome
and now i sit.
i painted my toes and now I cannot move
hi friends
forgiven me for what
oh when he fuckin frenched me.
no he stuck his tongue IN my mouth
i told him he was an asshole
he barely has a snoot
ugh I have to pack his shit up to get ready to drop him off
he likes licking his dick more, thalia
normally he doesn't put his tongue IN my mouth though. I don't care if he licks the outside because I can turn my head. And I usually wash slobber off quickly because technically I am allergic. but i don't want that tongue in my mouth
He's in his rebellious teenager phase which is annoying as fuck. he's testing so many limits.
like I feel like I'm going to turn around and he's going to raid hot topic
"mom no one understands me." Shut up bucky the hardest thing about your life is that you're not allowed on the bed
yeah. bucky never begged until we had my boyfriend's parents watch him for a weekend and now I have to put him in his crate when I cook
GIGAWATT YOU COME BACK HERE THIS INSTANT DON'T LET ME CATCH YOU SNORTING TOILET COKE
she'll relapse if I die in front of her
(But i don't want to die I want to kick ass)
Valiant, Feral, and me? A ghost, a werewolf, and a zombie. It's team motherfuckin spooky
Spelt no don't flay me
you don't have to do anything you don't want to, spelt.
ah yes the vampire ward
I LIKE MY LIMBS ATTACHED TO ME, SPELT
):
I'm more than just my boobs!!!
I like em, non
No we shared fries. Well. Onion rings.
I mean we're the two biggest basket cases in dept. 48 right now. Might as well be friends.
MOOOOM thalia's threatening me again
(thalia you know I love you)
I like my limbs
:D
TUZI ARE YOU SPILLInG ON ME
I KILLED A MAN
I CAN DO IT AGAIN
I'LL REND U
oh shit
u rite
yeah come park next to matt's car
we just need to bring down our bag and the snacks and pillows. there are a few things still in matt's car
hey rid
nah. thanks though
weed of immortality
WHATS UP FUCKS
Hi panda hey cg
Panda I've seen you on like three days this week is the world ending
Oh. Okay. I'll get the doomsday shelter ready
Thank yourself
You did it. It was all right in here.
Danger is your middle name
New phone who dis
Shh mishie it's ok
I feel like a double crit fail sometime
But Thalia owns #drank
MORNING FUCKOS
Oh
Lame
Hey
Oh man so yesterday y'all. We were on the boat and I came out of it covered in so much salt I think I know how spelt feels all the time.
:-P
Nah.
If anti pulls out his phone right now someone will pounce and rip his nipples off
Oh rip panda
Just take them off like bandaids
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/aHlSTT3z/IMG_3956.JPG
Soma u a bra
Good job dol
Hey yo
How u
If she's 15 in 2002 she would be like 22 in 2009. Not 30.
Night losers
HEY FUCKOS
I'm so tired
Anti is comatose
We're about to start using force to wake him
Bzzt
Ice didn't work
We're running out of options
(I told his girlfriend to twist his nipples but she thinks that's mean)
He barely looks like he's been jostled
His jimmies have not been rustled
Sigh. But I don't know how we can hide the body
HE LIVES
I don't have a taser after the one incident I don't think I'm allowed again
Well it was a stun gun actually but at one point I ended up with an adult beverage in one hand and a taser in the other
U deded, spelt?
DED
DED DED DED
NO
I AM DANGEROUS
I AM THE NIGHR
NIGHT
I AM LIFE AND DEATH AND THE BEGINNING AND THE END
I AM WRAAAAAAATTTHHHH
and you booped me.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/8oovDZcA/IMG_3958.JPG
FEAR ME
FEAR
I'm sleepy
because we don't speak of NJ
(I'm originally from CT, coff. You probably should have kept the NJ bit on the DL)
because now I'm gonna tease u
containment foam is not a lube, folks.
Yes I have my son anti
Ah does anyone have logs for Cleveland from before I came back
Go home spelt
it's a nice door please use it
Then i'll open it.
thank u
am i going to get to talk to valiant soon?
though "She thinks you were sincere" Ouch
BUT I HATE CLOWNS
Can i draw butterflies instead
Yes but the way you phrased it
It sounded like "yeah she thought you were being nice to HER when you were just being nice in general"
valiant is large and STACKED. How tall is he anti?
Really? I thought he was taller than that.
Cwn is 5'8" so he's only got like four inches on her.
here comes Rat Boi
this weekend anti and I saw this dude on like a hoverboard unicycle.
I fuckin love valiant though
everyone's like BRO TAKE A VACATION and he's like BUT CLEVELAND and I feel like that describes at least a few of us here
vacations are nice
keep your funeral dress clean, thalia
Thalia when spelt guts my parents we can have a double funeral
oh
yeah
guess I've got to get a funeral dress
anti do not tease me
I've been trying to get DQ's identity out of him all weekend
I couldn't get him drunk enough to spill
No
shannon was up one drink from you, and I was up one drink from shannon. and still no one got drunk
I didn't give him any. That was MY bahama mama and ain't nobody gonna take it from me
(I texted my mom right after and was like MOM I HAD AN ADULT BEVERAGE and she was like "No shit saff you're 21 and you went on vacation stop telling me everything)
and it was pretty good. It tasted like bad decisions.
ANTI YOU DON"T NEED TO BE ON THE INTERNET EVEN MORE THAN YOU ALREADY ARE
it's summer. People are bored. Might as well come in
we had an influx of people last summer too
Same same
you could download porn and no one else would know
yeah but firlz your sessions take like six days
and they have bulk
yeah but now you don't get $$ for my head anymore, non
please don't murder me
oh nooo
no shatting tinkers
can you dip your chips
HE FOUGHT GIG TWICE
HE SHOULD HAVE BACKED OFF
unless he's NOT REALLY DEAD
cwn is just chillaxing in the HQ but behind the scenes I'm SCREAMING BECAUSE HE'S PROBABLY GOING TO COME OUT OF THE toILET AND MURDEr ME
I DO HAVE A LOT OF CONCERNS
ducks and locks and fifty shades of BULLSHIT
):
I'm kind of sad I broke the phone you had my number on. No more phone calls for you just to tell me I'm a loser.
"hey cunt I hope you go FUCK YOURSELF TODAY" texts. the occasional picture of you flipping me off.
look non you can hate my superstitions all you want but at the end of the day one of us is going to have a salty shoulder and one of us is just going to be salty.
or in the case of spelt: just a block of salt.
a moving, screaming salt sculpture
did dashy just say why not both?
spelt just got fucked by a robot
FINE then I won't send you a text telling you how the weather is up here
AND I WON"T GET THE SHIT OFF THE TOP SHELVES FOR YOU
(pfft. honestly that would have been pretty fucking funny if I had stayed a villain and somehow nach became my hate-on buddy. Shooting insults at each other just because. Tbh I probably would have come back you up if you had asked.)
"You called me a dumb cunt and you expect me to help you? I'll be there in ten, bitch."
just in general
hon you're like 4' something
you probably shop in the kid's department
Still get the kid's menu when you go out to eat with Delphi
cwn does not have a boyfriend. She got dumped hard
oh I forgot about the booster seat. 4'9" is the magic number.
Well true non. but when she tried to explain that to freeman he said that she sounded like she had been dumped
the correct term would be "rejected"
Look at all the things you can see up here
yeah he did
Look man he got mad that I volunteered to get my shit kicked in I thought he cared. That means something you know? Right? Right guys?
Now he'll release his memoir
"I fucked a supervillain"
there was one night in this world where hundreds of horny men wanted to fuck this crazy bitch, but only one did.
And then she got clingy.
I mean you are not wrong in the slightest, Non.
he dodged a bullet there. And he had the security to know that she was under what is effectively house arrest so she can't wreck his shit
if she wasn't switching sides she'd probably end up rending his car, tossing his shit out the window and screaming, driving by the house real slow.
I AM NOT BANGING VALIANT HE IS MARRIED TO HIS WORK
then i'll bang the therapist.
Have a sordid and complicated relationship with an older, married man who's in a position of power over me. It's like right out of one of those shitty novels
Sex with cwn really isn't anything special. Her dex and soc stats are low so she's giving a lame handjob while silently staring right at you.
I mean to be fair she's nineteen, tall, and not bad to look at when you get past the smoke but like. Not worth sticking your dick in crazy levels
i want to be a parahuman scientist
night nerdos
don't do what?
YOU'RE LEAVING ME HANGING, VERN
well now i'm gonna crawl through the internet and KICK YOUR ASS
I'LL KICK YOUR ASS TOO
oh that's today? I'll have to watch it
I'm psyched for rat boi. Anti was telling me some stuff about his plans and i'm like FUCK YE
https://67.media.tumblr.com/8e50605bb98e99470b995f6978cd5aee/tumblr_inline_o7b29gcKbf1qi08hm_540.jpg
is there a closet to hide in? Hide in closet.
well now you need to eat your brother.
I mean I a a death god so
hey you two
the girl who ate a death god
;)
hey meg
how u
sleepy. I JUST WOKE FROM  A NAP
wait i just knocked my caps i'm so sorry
I cannot convert heat energy
how's CG doing?
dead yet?
i ask if everyone's died yet
look it's SOMA. Soma hasn't even revived yet
and soma are you dea--oh.
I'm so sorry soma rip.
MEGA TAKE UR HOMESTUCK SOMEHWERE ELSE
VERY DEAD
killing people doesn't make them like you. It just makes them dead
ah sweaty, hairy balls
MURDERBOX
i'm in, sure
join the club, spelt
nonagon no need to get deep
gross
lid omg how high are you
I didn't like the vicodin when I had my wisdom teeth taken out
I popped advils mostly because the vicodin made my stomach float and made me feel like I was menopausal
HERE COMES RAT BOI
OH SHIT WADDUP
shhh we will destroy him
the easiest way to get killed in cleveland is to be naked
sigh that's a way to do it too, non.
but look i've been so nice to you. I let you kill coldhand and take my territory
yeah I called you short once but we're like. Halfway to bros.
I'm like nearly a foot taller than you
though I don't doubt you could dead lift me
I couldn't remember your exact height
D:
but those are my legs
wait what serk????
Rat boi will rise
who needs friends when you have rats
I have such an obscure trigger for cleveland like someone would need to ship in a squad of wolves to get me to second trigger
or maybe in a moment of irony, I could be mauled by a pack of pomeranians.
night spelt
forgive me?
oh
well
to be fair I lost that phone
Nah dol. The phone before that
I've had three phones in Cleveland
i started with a shitty flip phone but i lost charge while living in the trainyards. Got a burner from BJ and now I have my PRT smart phone
so i mean that's why i never answered them. I just didn't have that phone
i mean i probably could have/should have called them from my burner but like
look mom i'm 19 I don't need you to police my supervillaining
i don't care. I need to sleep soon too. Gonna be on campus all day.
>.>
physics. Again. Because I CAN'T FUCKIN PASS IT. and intro to listening because i'm horrible and awful and just need to fuckin not
kill
I don't think he's doing homework which is weird? He said something about quizzes during lab? It's weird he doesn't use slides or anything he just writes on the board
idk I kind of zoned out this morning
night tuz
KINSLAYER
Hey dol
How u
Same. Just woke up. Now I'm waiting for class to start
Oh my god these sorority girls won't shut up
No. She's really loud talking about how she can't see without her contacts
NEITHER CAN I
When is rat boi unicycling in
I will watch it hopefully
Just get ikea furniture
IKEAAAAA
I THINK I UNDERSTOOD A PHYSICS
Please stop fighting Italy it's trying its best.
Serk I've failed this course twice already I better understand a physics.
I think I've finally figured out the problem though
Same reason I'm shite at gen chem. I can't fucking conceptualize unit changes.
I mean you're not wrong, mega
I mean you're not wrong, mega
But also don't be the leader during a screw up because they'll go hard on your corpse
Good job serk
I can't threaten to murder you anymore.
Then I can murder him if he gets a kill order.
But until then it's straight no murdering.
Yeah.
But I don't have the ghosts of dead friends telling me not to murder like giggs does with Coke
Valiant won't bang me anyways he's my superior.
THERE ARE CODES THALIA.
He's in a position of power over me, especially since I'm probationary. Which means that banging me would be an abuse of power. I can't really say no to my boss, right?
THERE ARE CODES  <--- Ha. Ha. Ha.
I uh.
Duck.
I wouldn't say that, alt. She's tall and pretty but being batshit kind of kills any sex appeal
You know "don't stick your dick in crazy?" Yeah she's the one that warns about.
I mean cwn might do that but only because she's terrified of them
"OH GOD ITS COMING FOR ME" "Cwn it's a fuckin yorkie"
I love ancient roman graffiti
beautiful
roman graffiti, spelt
damnit serk you're under house arrest too
HERE COMES RAT BOI
hey blow.
AGHHHHHHHHH
they're protecting their child.
nice job rat boy you're not getting over that fence
PSKETTI?
oh mega, anti. I updated the cwn journal a little.
Ye
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1f-pewYl3PdAIGy-N2h4KpQQUMhv-wug-scrfH47B3YE/edit?usp=sharing
I shared it with you a while ago but here be the link
serk you're going to accidentally second trigger
YOU CAN'T RUN AWAY FROM ALL OF YOUR PROBLEMS
what happens when you join the wards? And you have to fight Leviathan?
ARE YOU GOING TO RUN AWAY FROM LEVIATHAN?
why would i harm rat boi
ideas  in his head?
Hey man maybe use that rat to get me taco bell come on kid
look I know you know how to sneak out wanna go for a joy ride, kid.
I've realized that I'm not even sure if gwyn can drive? She always had mal or ke dirivng her around.
ANTI FUCK U
True. But then how did she get to the woods to trigger?
Idk she just doesn't seem like the driving type.
Like at some point I feel like she would get behind the wheel and sit there and be like "SHIT I DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO THIS"
"Okay cwn we need you to drive the van" "Okay sure" *Five minutes pass* "Which one is the gas?"
"WHY ISN'T IT MOVING"
a motorcycle? Am i supposed to form a biker gang with gig?
DON'T GO, FREDDY
RUN
LIKE FAKE HER OUT. GO TO THE VAN THEN KICK HER IN THE SHINS AND RUN
CUNT PUNT. DO SOMETHING
you are correct Windy.
At the moment we're kind of discussing one of the most popular settings. There's a session going on in #WDCleveland if you want to watch
Wait.
Stick around. make friends. Someone opens a game eventually
Don't let that discourage you though. We don't bite.
HEY ANTI I ONLY BITE ONE PERSON AND HE LIKES IT SOMETIMES
Oh that's another thing. Don't type out bow's full name
It pings him
and that gets annoying
He doesn't kill on first offence.
when isn't cleve full of sad teenagers?
most of the time I'm the sad teenager.
I do recommend taking the time to read through cleveland logs. But that's because anti is my IRL friend and I'm like LOOK AT THIS THING MY FRIEND DID
(and also i have two characters i'm super proud of please acknowledge me I'm trash)
no. I was amphetamine Queen and now I'm Cwn Annwn
he's the one that says "Gwyn you can't tell wink to suck your dick."
And that's when I flip the table and threaten his li--oh i'm not allowed to do that?
right right. I was told i couldn't tell him he would end up all alone with no taco bell
Rev, write it up and pastebin it here. We'll discuss and vet it.
SERK JUST PUNCH HER AND RUN
sounds good to me
Most triggers do. I mean I had one that made me a drug addict.
and a teenager.
Yeah ace. I use 1st, a lot of people use 3rd.
it just depends on what you like
I DON'T LIKE THAT VERN
Khandas, the power to be his own porno
I DO NOT WANT TO BE SUPLEXED
Mmm. Squiggles.
you've got to be kitten me, vern.
I've got a mutation from a natural trigger
(or you could be like me and get typecast as fuckin claw type strikers)
three
Kamaitachi, Cwn, and Katzen
I'm just glad I haven't gotten stuck with a tinker yet. I hate tinkers.
non i don't need your green eggs and ham bullshit.
That's because green eggs and ham guy didn't figure out how to PUNCH SAM I AM IN THE FACE
The problem with new haven is that I got into the buzz at a bad time.
Like I was super into it and then I had a mental breakdown, quit my job, and got kicked out of the house.
Last summer wasn't fun.
but nah i just. tinkers bore me.
I don't know if I can pick a favorite class but damnit it's not tinker.
COCKSLAP
UGH THIS HALLWAY WAS SO QUIET BEFORE THE SORORITY GIRLS INVADED.
i would like to. I swear.
I'm waiting for lab to start and they're just talking and they all have grating voices why are you talking sit down and shut up.
OH MY GOD IT'S THE SAME GIRLS FROM THIS MORNING
vern. Please german suplex me now. At least crack my skull in three places.
thank you
i'm not team fuckin rocket what kind of show do you think i'm running here
no japan, jack.
well. No most of japan.
why care about monsters in a ball if there's a DUDE WHO SHOOTS LASERS OUT OF HIS NIPPLES.
(Disclaimer: I don't believe legend actually shoots lasers out of his nipples)
thalia i think it's time for you to go back to the shame corner
we don't want rat boi to think we don't care.
there's a spy in our midst.
bow you're not supposed to call out a spy right away that makes them do all the explodey shit
so many new little babies,
Can I eat them?
Oh i explode with the pure power of my rage.
I am Smol and full of anger
Like right now I'm
About to snap and punch a sorority girl
I don't contract out my services.
I haven't read the info doc in a while. Maybe we should add "how do I get into a game" in the faq
Because we've answered it like six times today.
I swear I'm nicer than I come across.
I'm just a Smol girl with a Smol dog
Go fuck yourself.
No he just pees right where you need to Stand
Anyway we should probably take the stuff that's not about serk's sess to another room
Rat minions
Yeah oh man. Honestly this trigger and character is right up my alley
Cleveland hadn't had a big boss in a bit.
Once we fucked auswahlen... Idk I want a new big bad to shake us all. I'm wondering if duck queen might be that
Eh. Maybe once I finish classes I'll consider running something small
Put bonesaw away
I h8 u all
I'm a peach.
Starting off strong serk
Having a mental breakdown. I'm a fan
Spelt no
If wink hasn't tried to kill you were you even in Cleveland at all?
Crime boss
I was a villain and now I'm a hero
And I'm also kind of batshit insane.
I was going to go the serial killer route but then I got caught and changed sides
Striker 6 stranger 2 has claws that cause moderate rend damage and can create spatial rends.
Oh anti said it better
I also leak black smoke everywhere.
Natural
Was mauled by wolves.
The smoke was a natural mutation.
Camping.
But she has no secret identity. Her civ name is easily accessible.
Yes and no
She is mentally unstable. Has extreme social anxiety. And a temper. As a villain she used fear to control people and now she's like how do
Blackjack is card themed.
Her partner was Coldhand and together they were the dead man's hand
15.1? That's me?!
I love being the arc starter
I need to peeeee
But I'm going to work
Arc 16 is newest.
WHERE ARE ALL THESE GREMLINS COMING FROM
I left for half an hour to finish a lab and like six more people showed up
I can't keep up with all of this.
Just because I'm tiny doesn't mean I can't kick your ass Vern
Fight me
Okay mega.
it's a good doge
night meg
this dad is a PAIN
it's like the time my mom yelled at me for turning off my phone's tracked WHILE I WAS SITTING IN THE KITCHEN
i mean i was in trouble already for crossing state lines with a guy older than me but still why u tracking my phone when i'm two rooms away from you
y'all i think anti's computer is going to blow i'm scared
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING
he put it in the fridge
alright alright alright alright
bow omg
can we all take turns punching serk's dad in the face
what a waste of gold
shh you'd be a great ward
please don't go nuts and join some evil gang
NON NO
keep your tiny paws off of rat boy
trash the phone, it's probably tracking you. And then run
hand it off to some random hobo
"here have a phone bye"
no the hobo needs to keep moving
trade clothes with someone. keep going
god the fucking. every time dadd-o opens his mouth my skin crawls
THE PUBLIC DOESN'T EVEN KNOW ABOUT THE MAN I KILLED
no one found terry's body
i'm waiting for this poor kid to second trigger
you know what this is reminding me of?
morally ambiguous rat
CUTTHROAT KITCHEN RAT
listening rat
fashion rat
what does your dad do serk
which university?
does your sister go there to? Anti do I know them?
was she mean to me
DON'T BELIEVE HIM
ice ice baby
i think we're all feeling sad. minus non. But non is a swirling void.
nananananana RAT DAD
Wow i didn't know that transformers were such boring parents
i think i understood some of those words
but you've gotten a chuckle out of me
firlz? doing something dumb? Never!
KILL HIM SERK
THE SHAKE IS DRUGGED
DON"T DO IT
shh tubes it's okay it's just a pizza
Fuck YOU
i;m sorry bow i won't be mean to pizza again
we got like SIX NEW PEOPLE TODAY tuzi
i couldn't keep up
Serk u did it
Who's mom
Serk look ill try not to murder more people if you join the wards. That way ur dad will be proud
Oh no spelt
I didn't mean to bang malcolm that just happened
no. I flashed the internet and he thought that meant I was dtf
I mean yeah.
but then she got crazy attached and he rejected her
oh tuzi i update the journal a little more today
I love rat boy. I mean that was my favorite trigger out of the bunch and serk is doing him great justice.
geez I'm rereading some of these logs. "She called me a dumb cunt once. We're not exactly friends" and the first thing that came to mind was "One time Nachzehrer punched me in the face. it was AWESOME."
who's kicking whose ass?
Oh no spelt
Hi dol!!!
Oh no I've been blown up.
Idk I've only gotten into games with anti because he's my irl friend. And then Berlin because for some reason Vern thinks I'm all right.
I like you too Vern.
Heh. I remember that day dol. we were all helping him move and suddenly "shit where did anti go?"
Yeah Brit. My character sheet for my Berlin cape
I'm kind of known for A) extremely detailed backstory and B) developing every character around me
Panth I haven't seen you in forever.
And hey meg
Good. How you
CLOCK BLOCKED
oh my god the sorority girls are back and this time they still won't shut up
Dol please kill me
Man you know. This time last year Cleveland was just starting up and now like. It's grown so much.
Like a wee bab.
Oh. Dol. that's. Deep.
THALIA NO
Who let Thalia out of the shame corner?
WHO DID IT?
OLIVE. we don't let Thalia out of the shame corner
But thank you for your honesty
Oh. I've been stabbed and put in the shame corner
Maybe I'm the one who should be shamed all along.
I'd go on one of my talking at you things but class is starting. Let spelt do it for me
Make sure you paint me in a good light, speltie.
Maybe.
Class out what did I miss
Dol no
Yeah Rome. Well. I'm going home now but I'll be back.
Anti is moe as shit
Hello
Mega!!
I haven't asked you stupid questions in a bit. Mega can we do a protectorate secret Santa
Just don't give me undine I'll just get her a cake that says "sorry you're a bitch"
Actually I could get one of those for Nach too
Well yeah but.
You forgot soma.
Rood
I take better quality kibble than THAT
Oh.
I wanted to learn Dutch at one point but then I just took Latin again instead.
Hm. I don't know what kind of gift I could give feral. What do you give the woman who can't die
Wait. Uh. If feral doesn't eat does that mean she doesn't...
Poop.
ITS A LEGITIMATE QUESTION
Y'all are so mean
Kill who who am I killing I'll do it I'll kill him
No
So my physics lab is a clusterfuck
My partner is racist and he's given up before he started so I'm doing all the work
Our professor and TAs are from the general India area and he keeps complaining that he can't understand them and they smell and stuff like that
So things get uncomfortable.
I don't know which of the particular countries but it gets the point across as well as I can
It's a little more than that non. He keeps trying to engage me to agree with him on things and I'm like I DO NOT CARE I JUST WANT TO GRADUATE
freeman freeman.
Tuzi why
Thalia you're awful
A pack of cigarettes. Since she's smoking all the time
uh i'd get her uh.
how would you even get an autographed pic of wink
OH SHIT BURN
"hey mr. Wink can i has your autograph?"
tuzi comfirmed for captain america?
I JUST CALLED TWO MODEMS IN A ROW
I'M GONNA DIE
spelt do i get a christmas card from wink
she won't care about his blood anymore
find her gran in wales and get maim her. then you'll get her attention
I'LL DO IT
I WILL PEE WHERE I WANT TO
i have the puppy
oh no
rip tubes' asshole
how many times do you shit a day?
i just. I could rend you in half but instead you're passing me tissues and telling me i'm not a waste of space
who's getting shanked?
Faf, i'm gonna be real. Sit here for three months and make friends and everntually someone will open a game
I'm thinking about maybe doing a oneshot at some point. But I'm shite at GMing and i'll probably throw the laptop and kill a man before I finish
the last time I tried to GM I almost choked my best friend's boyfriend and then suplexed him into the sun
And she couldn't blame me.
HE WAS trYING TO FIGHT SOMEONE WITH A DONUT
HE HAD A GOOD POWER AND HE WAS JUST BEING A SHITSTAIN
"hey saff I've never done tabletop but I want to get into it can you help me?" "Yeah sure patrick---OH GOD WHY"
my campaign died in a horrible fire because I had to move cross country in two days after I had a mental breakdown.
not right now. Maybe once my summer classes end
right now I have class every day at 9AM and then a lab three days a week too.
no. Anti was a late start
zips had some of a session. You had a session I think?
I don't remember who else did
nonagon was the other
I forgot non was in my game
Huh.
I still have the logs from what happened.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S8h9IRIlNkGMItjJkXFzPrG3r4LbyUBtwugVc6dcmFE/edit?usp=sharing
hi dol!
i forgot how many fuckin robberies happened in the few New Haven sessions
non robbed so many people in one session wtf
yeah I've seen some stuff about it
Don't think it's my speed. I'm a control freak about material and I feel like I would just end up killing someone if I were to try to be one of the GMs
you know how I get when you try to clean my kitchen?
it'd be like that.
my problem with GMing is that I have a story in my head that I want to tell and having other people wade around in it, even as players, starts messing me up. And also I'm shite at mechanics. Should you roll here? idk man just uh. Try to open the door I guess.
i think that happened to non in new haven if I remember correctly
I deleted all the dice rolls in here I think. But it looks like non banged on the door, fucked up, then got mastered HARD
what was it like springing from zeus' forehead
http://pastebin.com/bEv991X3 Here's non getting fuckt
what brings you here? Where are you from? How do you feel about pineapple on pizza?
oh shit you're right dol i'm sorry
wow i didn't mean to be that insensitive.
we used to have a persephone too
the pantheon is slowly dying
you'll have a test on monday
ah super cool, bow!
Mmm Pretzel dickhole.
parahumans
since when does parahumans have a safe for work rule
because I know fuckers in there have said they've wanted to bang the simurgh
(then again i haven't been in parahumans for a while)
WD tries to stay on topic with WD shit.
90% of the time
the other 10% is probably thalia or myself shitposting and then yelling at ourselves for shitposting.
i interrupt your nights to let you know i'm being licked by a puppy he's really cute that's all.
he's only not a shit when he's sleepy
anyway i gotta go to bed. night nerds
I'm up entirely too early.
Vern.
Yep Vern.
I cat believe it
You can't make me stop
Can't stop won't stop
Nooooooo
Don't stop me
That would be a claws for alarm
You've got to be kitten me. I'm purrfect at this.
Yeah jyg? What do you want to say right meow.
I've been a cat for a while. No need to claws a commotion.
And yes I am
I'm glad I caused cat girls to be banned
DID I SEE YOU MOVE I SAID SIT
We're all nerds.
I'm so tired. And the sorority girls are at it again. I think I'm stuck in this hell forever.
No lid. Just run around in he nude
(Don't listen to them lid just get naked)
You're a dump stat
oh god another non sess. I'm gonna sit here and weep over my lost territory
is that the source of all my problems? Did I just not pee on enough stuff?
Want to keep the territory? Pee on it. want to keep the fwb? pee on him.
Guess that means I need to pee all over the PRT HQ
Better get to work.
GOTTA PEE ON IT ALL
i keep reading your name as divcock.
So you are now cock.
until you get someone that actually wants to complete the survey, anti.
god that call yesterday that took 20 minutes? I wanted to punch myself.
i'm excited for soma's new character. I liked what he was doing when we had our discussion about it
but rat boi is my favorite of the three new ones
rat boi is just. the kind of character that I like. The kind that's just shit on by circumstance. though I would probably take it darker and creepier than serk is. But that's because I'm fucked up
the leg bone's connected to the...
i'll punch undine.
hey mega.
hey serk
not wrong about what?
oh. Cock.
Cogo how did you do this already
Co why did you do that
I'll crash your party, non
I'll show up and I'll call you a short bitch and then the whole thing will be ruined. Mainly because you'll murder me on the dance floor.
just deathnote them
something's fishy here
it might be this fish.
who left a fish here, man.
that's fucked up
u right vern
I mean i'm sitting here playing my idol waifu rhythm game.
fire emblem?
I NEED NINE MORE LOVE GEMS
u nice
i killed them all.
OH SHIT I FORGOT TO SWITCH THE LAUNDRY.
i fixed it
oh and anti i'm ready whenever u are
oh the sleep study thing? how'd that go?
....
So. Sorenson. I know you want to move my image away from my breasts but like have you thought of this?
the cleveland protectorate is a walking sex scandal. Both feral and I probably get a ton of letters asking for nudes
maybe that turns some people on
but then where's the market for like. counterfeit hero sex
because at that point any shmoe can put on a mask and be like "hey baby i'm legend come suck my dick"
legend is happily married you can't use his likeness to suck someone's dick.
I guess it'd be easier to impersonate a tinker or a thinker or something
Cogo, that's when you add a fun flap
crotchless power armor
I guess you probably can, anti. I don't live that far from the hospital.
just please protect your nether regions before you put on the power armor. Ain't nobody wants a crushed doodle.
D:
:-P
i thought that said "There's foam at the bottom of the wichita doc" I was so confused for a moment
i would rather never be foamed
Look i saw what happened when they foamed thalia
but ):
queen was foamed. She was concussed and high on heroin and they foamed her
queen isn't dead
she's eating McDonald's and snorting coke somewhere in columbus
why what
why u
ye
he's my superior
I love those threads.
I'm more confident than Cwn is definitely. I'm at the point in life where I'm just like eh fuck u
hey dol
Love what? Taking off my clothes?
serk asked...
Actually now that I think about it. I'm in my own home why the FUCK am I still wearing pants?
only a little
i'm not allowed to have boobs in costume
Technically dragon doesn't either
I mean I guess dragon does wear the pants in the dragon/armsmaster relationship but.
she could out tinker the shit out of armsmaster though.
god damnit narwhal.
do tv stations have to blur out parts of the siberian if she's shown on tv?
Cam what would you like to ask
please use your words
hopefully i won't bother him too much he's kind of a grump
shoot
I was curious about that as well. Cool to know it was NC. I almost went to school there.
tbh i'm kind of picturing scraggs popping out of a trash can going "Psstt hey kid" and then hiding back inside it.
in my head this chat is a much more colorful place than it actually is.
I guess i picture it more as a room and we're just a bunch of losers sitting in it.
not a bunch of people behind screens.
I guess?
yeah i guess. Like thalia's always kind of chilling in the shame corner. Every so often she breaks out and has to go back. like idk it's just. It's a chat ROOM not a chat uh. not room.
spelt's in the salt corner
I mean i do that every time I come in here.
I've gotten kicked for shouting "WHAT'S UP FUCKS ARE YOU READY TO ROCK AND ROLL" while entering chat.
and no dol you're not in a corner no one puts dol in a corner
it's like the ballad of edgardo all over again.
there. there aren't enough corners for you all to angst.
Someone's gotta be happy. Don't make this go to a vote.
The other problem that I have with chat is. Anti is my IRL friend. Sometimes I'll almost call him his real name here or I'll almost call him anti in meatspace.
if you stay long enough serk you'll have a thing.
everyone has a thing usually
edgardo is brilliant
now you can keep thalia company
maybe we can get a plant for the shame corner
I agree with bow. You poke them and they get so shy
you could also get a pitcher plant. which is just nature's fleshlight
BOW NO
anti had an existential crisis about his name the other day
he realized that after all these years he could have gone by a nickname
he just sat in the car and was like "I could have been CJ all this time."
People called me iCarly for a while. That was balls.
y'all are going to get your asses inside out
you monster
i was never really attached to any stuffed animals. When I was a little older I had my dolls.
though I did name all my blankets
eh I never powergame. I play for the character development
you're going to make me blush
aren
aren't we all?
I've got wink threatening my life on one side, thalia is on the other
we were having a name discussion
pants are for squares
Vern is awesome.
No u
I've only had one cat character.
Who died
No
She's alive
But you made it seem like it was multiple cat characters.
I also have a dog character.
Thank you dol
That's the dog one
I'm surprised anti hasn't tortured her yet by having her run into a cute puppy.
And then there were nun
One of these days Vern will appear at my doorstep and he will stab me 17 times
And as I lay in a pool of my own blood he'll whisper "that was for katzenklaue"
Hey mega
Mega I'm going to go bother forgemaster
Either we are going to be friends or he's going to tell me to get the duck out of his workshop
Ouch pink.
I'm on mobile. The dick our of his workshop
FUCK
F U C K
hey bel
how u
vern don't be sad
ur a jurk
i don't know dol. Anti said something about finishing my session today but he's about to be locked in a room with my boyfriend for a few hours being fuckin jar jar.
Please tell me you're not going to talk like him
oh thank god.
Meesa not a fan of that.
you can't get rid of me
I WILL LIVE ON
hey tuzi
so odds that forgemaster kills me and uses me in a sculpture
anti is now bar bar binks.
duck queen
i mean you're not wrong thalia
MORE CANADIANS?
GOD DAMNIT
hi
watch the villain-turned-hero make a mess of herself in front of everyone
OH FUCK HE'S GONNA KILL ME
firlz how
i mean i did it to thalia too
MY SOCIAL IS AWFUL
FUCK
HOW DO I ALwAYS ROLL ZEROS FOR SOC
GOD I'M THE WORST SUPERHERO EVER
I'm gonna go kill a man bye friends
cwn screams into the night
but I like cock-face
COKE
shit
muscle memory
the cat started paying with my hair.
Mega I'm fuckin up
anti is psychologically torturting me
he left off on a roll. he is making a pizza. I'm probably going to puke on the floor of dept 48
chorno help
he is taunting.
actually he's just cooking but
no he's cooking pizza
no
wait shit is that
i tried breathing
well I would have breathed but I ran up like six flights of stairs to escape from my embarrassment
rainbow is a little troubled
she joined villains for clothes
eat them
it's not christmas yet.
still early dec
but it's coming
mannequin
pls don't beat up weld
the one person in the PRT that I didn't make a fool of myself around
I can't believe I didn't fucking catch it
what even are cats
they keep playing with my ponytail
and now wink kills duck queen and starts messaging me about how he's going to skin me right
spelt is cackling in the distance
ur dramalicious
duck queen is going to bust in and kill me right
gOD DAMNIT
take your pun somewhere else
Waddle we do if she is evil?
she's going to come to visit and i'm going to get stabbed
I WILL rustle your jimmies
anti keeps talking like jar jar please dear god save us all
WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU DUCK QUEEN
don't say it
GOD DAMNIT
hi thalia
i wanted to say hi
you're canadian right you probably are just composed of syrup and timbits.
so i guess what i've learned today is that I need to consume chrono
but poutine.
wait i'll ask my boyfriend if I can eat u one second.
I asked him and he rolled his eyes and looked away
which isn't a no
god damnit
i heard dodo meat wasn't even good
I guess
like tacos???
i like tacos
kinky
I usually dump social but
NOW I KEEP ROLLING ZEROES
for cwn I dumped soc and dex to pump guts and know and I'm like sitting here now and i'm like WTF WHY DID I PUMP KNOW I NEVER USE IT
i mean you're not wrong scrags
I'm crying this beeb
yes she is a cinnamon roll
http://chronophrax.tumblr.com/post/145433056272/when-the-low-charisma-pc-tries-to-prove-she-can
it's cwn annwn
what. what are you rolling.
HOW FUCKED AM I
SHIT SORRY CHORNO
I JUST
The post
I didn't look at who reblogged it
I'M SO SORRY
I needed the text too
i guess now I have to post mine to be fair?
safraninflare.tumblr.com roast me fam
My avatar is phoenix wright not fire emblem
that's such an old picture my god. I took that before I went to a sorority party where I wasn't even allowed to get drunk
no. I had a physics test the next day
which is why i didn't drink
(Spoiler alert I still failed that test)
I should have gotten drunk anyway. That was a shitty party. One of those blind date ones? My date avoided me the whole night
Also the risk management chair like. Wouldn't believe that I wasn't drunk.
Mainly because the party we had before that I got smashed and made out with two people at once.
but still that doesn't mean that i'm going to do stupid shit again.
LOOK AT MY BOMB ASS COOKIES
):<
hey bel
GAH i need to know more about duck queen
BEL YOU SHIT
she has a dead husband and kid
hm. She told me the husband's name maybe I can search on that
i can't handle these puns
noooo
I'll bone you, homie.
because trust no duck
"Meesa want's to go home now" ~Anti 2k16
She tries
Two abandoned police stations actually.
But yeah we haven't done anything that bad
I've only killed one person and it was for personal reasons.
Not even premeditated. A crime of passion.
He was head aching bad when I left.
I'm so sleepy anyway. I'm probably going to feed the dog and pass out when I get home.
Poor puppy is all alone
Anti is a cinnamon roll
Yeah. I'm gonna be stewing over it all NIGHR
Night
Sorry on phone
I'm not asleep
I'm not even home
I'm
In a coupe at a red light.
I'm not driving.
I don't drive.
No I do not play golf
I have a license and a car but I'm afraid
Night nerds
Good morn
Anti that's not words
Bench press a full grown man
I'll format u
supports and healers and shit are boring for games where you're solo. Which like 90% of WD is
whatchu hiding, bow?
i can't get rekt now we'r eon the same side
there was fuckin mouse protector
no
hey meg
mega i'm sorry im embarrassing myself in front of your entire department
well yes.
but running away from forgemaster was pretty bad
vern why
that sounds catastrophic
I cat believe it
are you kitten me vern
you really want to do this right meow?
Well this is a claws for alarm
i do what i want
you're not my real mom, ace
I ate too much ahh.
Anti how did bow do
AND WHO IS DUCK QUEEN
serk I'm gonna suplex you into space
There's a skeleton inside you right now
The things snowbird never did
THALIA GET OUT
Spelt I expected better than you
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/txaWSSXQ/IMG_3966.JPG
I'll break ur bones
I like blue as well
i'm doing my assignment for one of my classes and one of the multiple choice options was "I don't know and I want a donut"
protectorate members get automatic tier 4 i believe?
or am I thinking wrong
it's been so long since i've read the rule book
thalia gets enjoyment out of slaughter and asking people to be twins.
well non just made me fuckin lose it.
the "you could play a dead body"
I actually laughed.
and you're not wrong.
a frozen corpse? Like walt disney?
Remove everyone. bathe in their blood
you only need the blood of 400 people to have enough iron to create a longsword
a lot
I forget how many instances of the f word were in my queen narrative
Pink's got a gun pressed to his head.
"yes thalia i'll be your twin"
"just please don't shoot"
I CAN HELP
Shhhh. I'll be okay put me in coach
I'll fight
Hey
wow you're really shitty at murder, ace
just set the whole house on fire and trap them inside, duh
DID SOMEONE SAY JUDO FLIPPING
):
Well non is the devil
Does anyone know a catholic priest we can borrow.
Is nonagon resisting exorcism
Hey anti I'm heading over to Shelby. Ready to finish when you are.
SNOw GLOWS WHITE ON THE MOUNTAIN TONIGHT
anti you ready to finish the duck chronicles?
u a mother ducker
THALIA WHY
i need to learn to german suplex
aaight
WAIT ANTI DON'T GERMAN SUPLEX ME
god damnit
i h8 u all
K I L L
last time one of my WD characters went to a national forest they got mauled by WOLVES
i'm waiting for like. Mega to burst through the phone and kick my ass
I'm going to get killed by a duck woman i'm calling it now
Non be gentle with my old territory
non please just. Don't kill zoup!
i already know nach took my shit
you helped take my shit
you regifted my territory
okay
aw man no "Super fucking"
no one's gonna ask about my boobs?
tuzi you're my therapist you're supposed to forget them
my AMA is up
thanks non u beautiful
the world would be one giant acid trip
i am so fuckin hungry jesus
):<
PUT SOMETHING
please distract me from hunger
thanku
WHY DID EBERYONE START PUTTING QUESTIONS WHILE I WAS AT DONNER AH
I'm standing around while the boys talk around me I'm ready to fuck off and answer these
Sorry Freddy I didn't mean to make your dad hate the protectorate.
so you mean i shouldn't tell someone to suck my titties?
cogo i'm not telling you how to graffiti the building
me, cup
formerly killhand of dead man's hand
y'all i still have knuckle tattoos that say "kill" and "hand"
They're being deleted by PR
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ACxT6ZMIcsb-6Ri8zQkExJ0hvy9JOw8QIfMVKXlqD9c/edit?usp=sharing
keep asking questions i'm actually free now
):
Did you see my response to "would you rather fight 10 nach sized winks or one wink sized nach"?
That’s a hard question. A Nachzehrer that isn’t pea-sized would hit pretty hard. I’m already sure she could crush my skull between her thighs like a sparrow’s egg. Her at regular size would be messed up. But ten Winks? I’d end up falling asleep in ten seconds flat. But I
that cut off
guess I’d probably take the Wink sized Nach. She’s a lot of bark but not a lot of bite.
:)
I mean. You're not wrong but
i'm gonna smach talk you
jesus this dog keeps eating my fingers while i tye
chrono he says "bucky yes"
now he's licking his dick
I don't have a dick.
ask more shit i've got nothing better to do with my life
actually does anyone have the logs from non's session?
Yeah. I'm waiting for one or two more before I answer but I might just get them done.
Serk sent me logs.
right now though i'm reading my fucking trash manga
awww anti i can't fight a wink sized nach?
actually now that I think about it she would lose the size advantage. Still I don't want her spidermonkeying onto me and snapping my neck while she pummels my face into the pavement.
hey. No one is shoving a hand up my ass.
anti which of my guys did nach fuck up?
today
because they were hands right?
KEANDRE NO
but good for travis.
I STILL OWE HIM A NEW CAR
what does keandre think of me
Keandreeeeeeeeee
LOOK MAN WE WERE FRIENDS I THINK
i don't think he'd bang me I took him on a hot date to kill a hobo and then banged his friend.
i'm so upset poor ke
i hope travis gets a good gig
but dave and dean and rodney and Joe Jack probably shouldn't quit their day jobs
yeah. They need to give up on the band
Morning
BURN THE WITCH
What a beautiful bug
Spelt's here.
The whole triumvirate/original four probably had a thing. I think this is more #parahumans talk though
hello
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ACxT6ZMIcsb-6Ri8zQkExJ0hvy9JOw8QIfMVKXlqD9c/edit?usp=sharing
fill in more stuff
u
i'm on the phone with my mom!!
she's not announced yet
I was about to put her and then I was like WAIT SHIT SHE'S NOT A THING YET
i'm not saying one dang word about undine
also i'm back alive if anyone adds anything else.
He'll probably fix it when he does PR edits anyway
Apparently I'm not allowed to fight a wink sized nachzehrer
Actually I wonder if having her be regular sized would be a bane or a boon? She loses the agility bonus but she also has fists that aren't baby sized
(either way i don't want to be punched in the face by her. I like the 'insult from afar' thing we have going on)
ur wrong
where's poor beego
Uh I don't know what kind of conspiracy theory uh.
I'm actually an alien from space idk
AND THE PRT MURDERED THAT HOBO
I'm here to solve the homelessness problem that plagues our city
i know spelt. ):
DIVECOCK
yeah i'm terrified of aliens.
I was not!
I've been scared of them since I was a kid.
I think the spice girls movie had something to do with it.
WHERE IS THE MOD
I'd say show your tits to prove you're real but you're thirteen that's illegal
wait sorry wrong tool
I responded to you thalia
yeah idk. Sounds a little improbable
I probably have it yeah thalia give me a sec to look
hey vern
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ACxT6ZMIcsb-6Ri8zQkExJ0hvy9JOw8QIfMVKXlqD9c/edit?usp=sharing vern here make me answer dumb things
"YOU THINK YOU WANT TO BE A VILLAIN? DO YOU? WELL LOOK AT THIS!" Start pulling off my top to show my wink tramp stamp
I would have so much fun with that shit
like. I've made children cry before like I'd like to do it on purpose and not by accident.
(I was a camp counselor kids cry about everything)
I've had kids cry because I asked them to stop slapping each other while naked. I've had them cry because I asked them to tie their shoes. Because they had to do swim lessons. And then there was the mac and cheese incident of 2014.
Y'all the camp was at a country club. Kitchen made this beautiful mac and cheese and the kids wouldn't eat it because it wasn't kraft. They SOBBED. Like we had to run upstairs and make a bunch of pb&Js
and then my boss realized, shit one kid is allergic to peanuts.
so NO ONE was allowed to touch this one kid. All day.
They were between 4 and ten years old.
yeah. We had a bunch of peanut allergy kids.
And my step sister was one of the counselors as well and she has one too.
I had to carry so many damn epi pens
epi pen holsters. omg. Tubes i'm just imagining you slinging double pens with western music playing in the background
our kids weren't allowed to carry their own epis.
our kids weren't allowed to because they'd just cry
the little fuckers couldn't even figure out kickball.
they'd kick the ball and then all stand and stare. YOU HAVE TO RUN THE BASES AND CATCH AND SHIT Y'ALL WHAT THE FUCK
mine were country club kids though. So super sheltered spoiled brats. Like y'all skin your knees you're okay.
true.
those are the ones you can punt into the sun though.
aiight anti.
what on earth did irccloud do
D:
everything is important to someone.
lyrs asked if they missed anything important.
depends on what you find important
thanks non
it was an ALASKAN
SHATTERED
DISK
hey panda
YOU"RE NOT SUPPOSED TO TALK ABOUT IT
god damnit divecock ruining the perfect flow of the bot
Cashy, div. you were worried about interrupting someone's trigger
so I was
it was funnier in my head
i just wanted to say divecock again
well yes. Because I say it in the dive kick voice
But you know you need to find humor in the small things when the entire world is like. on fire.
the high point of this week was passing a physics quiz. Well that and taco bell.
he's taunting me
he's like saff i have all these sekrit and I'm like tell me spelt
and he's like i can't it's sekrit
and I guess serk. Like I've failed this class twice already so now that I'm actually fuckin getting it it's kind of making me feel better
but yeah the moral of the story is we should all stab spelt
spelt is probably flaying my parents alive.
my parents'? She would probably have that memorized
and hahaha panda i'm not scared of spelt
he's just taunting me with delicious info and i want it
i mean there's no other way to say it.
i don't know.
maybe he knows something about dw
*dq
THEY LIED
no they're not dead thalia
unless that's what spelt's doing
you're in two arc time out
ANTI I AM GOING TO GET MATTHEW TO DRIVE ME TO YOUR PLACE SO I CAN KICK YOUR ASS AND PET THE CATS FOR THAT PUN
thalia go eat your gay donuts
because i cannot get my boyfriend to drive me out to eugene to kick your ass
because i have class in the morning.
i'm 21, panda
panda populations are declining at alarming rates because of their inability to reproduce
coincidentally the same thing can be said about the population of japan.
Morn
Duck queen is a reptile?
Well I mean both ducks and reptiles descend from dinosaurs so
just eat all your players
my uncle had hamsters once. One ate half of the other and then got drunk and died.
where's tuzi when I need to tattle to him he's like the chat mom
spelt's taunting me with knowledge i'm not allowed to have
http://today-ifuckedup.tumblr.com/post/139926636753/today-i-fucked-up-by-changing-my-husbands things that happen in Cleveland?
THALIA
Got too excited about ducks
someone is playing the ghost busters theme here.
like I'm just sitting in the music building and ghost busters
I know that (Proper Noun) is actually (Noun).
Oh.
Cut it out man
(⊙︿⊙✿)
oh is soma having a session
oh. rough
pfft tuz
AGH i'm going nuts. do you know how DIFFICULT it is to do things when you have the elbow of your dominant arm braced?
uh you know what happens when you get carpal tunnel? I think that's happening to my ulnar nerve
basically if i keep my arm bent for two long it feels like someone keeps jabbing my FUCKIN FUNNY BONE
*too long
god damn u all
i just woke up from a nap
i've got an ice pack meant for a knee that I can put over it. fuck i forgot to put it back in the freezer last night though
thanks you two. big help
here comes rat boi he'll never be a ward
rip freddy's hopes and dreams
are we bullying stag?
uh. uh. uh. YOU'RE TACKY AND I HATE YOU.
(You are not actually tacky and I do not in face hate you)
DIVE COCK
yeah i can fit into the trunk of your standard honda civic
i have not tried other cars
but tuzi if we stand on each other's shoulders and wear a trench coat we can be a real person
Serk oh my fuck
amphetamine queen?
she got a trigger about her parents finding her drug stash and being sent to hell rehab and then she rolled the drug addiction flaw
she literally was drugs
hm. i'm hungry but i don't know what to eat
like nothing, anti.
THALIA I AM NOT EATING MY SON
sam and matt decimated the pineapple fried rice I made yesterday so i'm like ~whaddoido~
shit anti i am DOWN FOR THAT
yum.
I'm gonna run downstairs and fuck off at the store. See if anything inspires me
I'm getting actual advice and also shit posting. I love you guys.
I got pasta. Ravioli ravioli give me the formioli
clockblocker is a gift to this world
what
what are you doing spelt
SOUL MOTHERFUCKIN SPELT
i'll get the puppy to pee on everything you love
it won't stop him from peeing
he's gotta go
no i mean. giving him treats won't stop him from peeing
he'll probably love you already because he loves everyone.
thank for logs
good place to put all the breadsticks
or the pocket dimension
hola
i did it too tuzi
hello gfriwends
*friends
my computer was glitching out I didn't know about the typos until I already hit seeeennndd
https://thoughtsfromtheline.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/mawwiage.gif
it me
oh no spelt
omg
HEY my tits aren't out
i just got a stupid fuckin phone call saying "THE FBI STATES THAT HOME BREAK INS OCCUR--" and then i hung up
like robot voice come on.
hey mega can I sell my nudes to supplement my income so that I can get to the bottom of the duck queen mystery
oh
can I release a herd of ducks into the night as a message?
Nonagon? More like nonBELIEVERgon.
(I'll escort myself to the shame corner for that one)
i'll break a tinker
fuck tinkers.
both literally and figuratively.
mostly figurativelt
can that's a forbidden topic
cam
not can
last year the header specifically was like "STOP TALKING ABOUT THE SEX TINKERS"
look when you get a bunch of fuckos on the internet someone thinks of it eventually
hi dol
how u
i took a really long nap before so now i'm like YES AWAKE
chrono is the reason we can't have nice things
chuckles isn't here anymore so we cannot blame her.
the blame doesn't have the same weight if they aren't present
he's not here to blame either
SOMEONE HAS TO ACCOUNT FOR THESE CRIMES. the reason we cannot have a tinkertech dildo.
https://m.popkey.co/6bee24/6GJWk.gif
i don't even like tinkers.
i like shakers but i always get strikers
ah non. Bringing "Reason" to the internet.
how about we play hopscotch that's fun right?
really? I mean I guess I'm kind of biased because I've only had two WD gms on irc but all of my characters had been recent triggers.
hello
what's up fuckos
non who are you telliung to die now
oh
i had a dream yesterday that I PM'd non for some reason and he yelled at me.
i don't PM you
hey anti
no i'm lactose intolerant
morn
hello
hey spelt
fuck cauldron
hm
i'm being taunted?
anti will continue to torture me
quacking into the night
no he just cooks good food and then invites us over to eat like god damn who gave him the right
being ???nice???
oh hell no i will eat anti tempura all fuckin day
i'm just behind on cooking for him and his girlfriend.
oh
rude
is this because I didn't invite you for chili
yeah. Cream sauce is pretty rad
I made another batch of dumplings last night took me for fuckin ever but now there's a good amount in the freezer.
I did it anti.  https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/RJvuzZx6/1465790168.JPG
no bow I cleaned the counter
that's... that's pretty much all of the counter
I have a very small apartment.
I'm across the room!
but yeah no it's about the size of a coffee table
I love in a shoebox
*live
but anti has been yelling at me to get the sewing machine off of there for months
and I finally did it
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/ysxWd97i/1465790465.JPG
i'll put you on a table
uh that chair is uh. The chair is the closet.
no it's salt
i h8 u all
oh. the pam?
It's on the counter next to the stove
the chair needs to be tackled next but I'm scared. It's like an archeological dig
):< come clean my kitchen then, bow.
(Please do not clean my kitchen anti has tried and I lose everything for weeks(
idk my whole apartment is designed stupidly.
my life isn't messy it's just. There's a futility to cleaning things when they'll just get dirty again.
I DOn"T HAVE OPEN FLAMES IT'S AN ELECTRIC STOVE
now you're making it sounds like my stove is an assassin in disguise
u gonna explode
Anyway thank you for roasting my counter I'm gonna sleep. Night nerds
Good job words
How u
I'll help you strike
Who's dropping the bass
What's new friends.
It's just the day. I've felt like I've been half asleep all day
Oh no spelt.
hey nerds
i still don't have a working laptop charger~
so many people saying hi\
no one calls you CJ either
and if he starts floating away, antigravity
and if you're against the church of england, antidisestablishmentarianism.
moxie is your. Your. It's. You can't describe it.
also that system had a SHITTON of d10s
I remember having handfuls of d10s. Didn't know what to do with all these d10s.
where did he get all these d10s
but I had fun. My cape was fuckin awesome
nah he had them because his roommate was president of the gaming club iirc
just getting amputees shipped ion
*in
anti's a fun GM and a good friend. He did a pathfinder campaign for a few of us last year and that was just crazy fun
No one let me set stuff on fire though
THE ONE TIME I SET A MAN ON FIRE IT WORKED BUT EVERYONE WAS LIKE NO SAFF FIRE BAD You're supposed to be neutral good. YEAH SURE
marina ended up being the strongest of us all. Somehow. As a dancer.
heyo
oh
cream
the little asshole. He pretends like he doesn't know how to get on the couch. but then my boyfriend got up to put him in the crate because he was trying to eat our lunch and the motherfucker booked it and jumped onto my lap like "MOM SAVE ME DAD IS TRYING TO PUT ME IN GAY BABY JAIL" and I just handed him over I don't think he's ever been more betrayed in his
puppy life
wait I go away and I come back and I see ??? tuzi underage sleepover?
yeah but anti and i played the game of chicken of "Who's going to fade to black first"
entertaining for you maybe. I was sitting there going "But like. I have to see anti in the morning."
and yeah I don't think cwn is goign to be doing the do again any time soon
though thalia keeps telling me to bang valiant so.
(then again we also don't listen to thalia.)
rat boi
anti i think uh. I think it's time for you to not.
please do not shove a rat up your ass
i'm horrifically concerned now.
hello
anti and i don't live in the same house. I think we discussed that at one point but his girlfriend has cats and I have a dog.
i'm okay dol how u
the puppy is trying to say hi
macy would beat him up
i've seen what that cat does to kittens
antioch J. Orontes did you stick your flag in cleveland fuckin ohio?
can i rend
i'll rend em good
Will I ever speak with valiant or am i cursed to walk the halls, wandering aimlessly for a conversation that will never occur
valiant is just a figment of my fractured psyche.
"Where's valiant?" she asks, but they stare and blink. "Valiant? Who's that?"
look man i took a shitton of benadryl i'm high as fuck.
i don't know how to even contemplate that
oh cool.
anti is a figment of my imagination as well
i'm a robot
y'all don't mix benadryl and caffeine
even if you have allergies and sleepies.
's all right jyg.
and hurr hurr anti
we were at boyfriend's parents' place today and his mom gardens and I get within a mile radius of the house and it's just violent sneezing
oh my god anti
no lurks it's. it's part of our script at work. "have you ever tried chewing tobacco, snuff, or dip?" and one day I accidentally said sniff
and anti LOST IT
and he's sitting right next to me so I started laughing too. And i'm on the phone and i'm trying so hard not to crack up so for the rest of the interview it just sounded like I was about to cryu
anti when do you get back from the land of rain and hipsters
shhhhh thalia it's okay you have donuts to make up for it
and coffee
get what?
oh my god
that sounds like a heart attack but a DELICIOUS one
i mean you can say what you want about alabama.
I'm originally from CT. But talk more shit about connecticut fuck that place
Ah florida. I was just talking about florida today
About gators
and meth heads
yeah that's what I was talking about CG.
it was a two year old. but like there were "NO SWIMMING" Signs everywhere and the parents just let him run around in it without watching.
like gators are just a thing in florida you have to expect that the fuckin water has alligators
THAT'S WHERE THEY LIVE
yeah but "oh look it's disney nothing bad will happen" like. look man I love disney as much as the next overgrown child but like. it's not their job to parent it's YOUR job to do it.
bad things happen everywhere don't be a dipshit.
hello
the baby incident?
oh
i don't like babies. The whole process gives me the heebie jeebies.
new horror movie
the triggering
coming to a theater near you
i don't know
i just came in here with my glass of wine and i had to comment on something that doesn't pertain to me at all
Rose
because i'm a classy lady
yep. drinking wine. Making a poundcake. and trying not to think about how this is the first year i'm not spending father's day with my dad.
it's going to be a good pound cake though
first time making one actually, dol. but I tasted the batter and it was pretty good
and i made sure not to over beat it so hopefully it won't be too dense.
maybe me idk
spelt you're one step away from just like. crying in front of capes. "WORK FOR ME PLEASE"
i'm just talking in general
in all wd games spelt. you're just scrounging for capes. "BE MY FRIEND" He screams into the night
antioch is always here
you were merely adopted by the irc. he was born in it. raised by it.
i mean yes but
you're half a month older than me you could have gotten here first
i just want to finally talk to valiant. I think i've finally figured out how cwn will handle it
i think there are a few people who need to finish before i go
you were so close dol
i'll do it.
and i'm not following thalia's advice
that's the same advice dol
I'm not banging valiant.
that's a gross violation of his position
He's my superior if we get caught doing the do he'll get reprimanded, i'll get transferred to a different department.
like so what if he's six kinds of stacked like.
i'm not risking both of our jobs just for some broom closet bangin
I could not would not in his room i could not would not with a broom
D:<
dol have i mentioned you're my favorite
thalia i treasure you too
oh
i can't! I can't leave HQ
coldhand creamery i s2g
hey hey hey. no head slamming here.
take it outside
when they handed out the wits stats you were locked in the bathroom.
BUTTERFLY IN THE SKY~
YEAH I THINK IT'S A GAME
what
sports?
uh. Uh. TOUCHDOWN
 /me spikes anti
thank u
curseeeddd
hi
hi
hello
tuzi as my therapist. How bad would it be if I boned valiant?
Exactly.
Why do physics lab TAs talk for like two hours I just want to get the lab done and go home
I end next week
I failed spring semester
I'm actually passing right now
BUT I JUST WANT TO START THE DAMN LAB
Pick me, tuzi.
:-P
(That means he's going to fill your heart with helium until it floats out of your chest)
And no tuzi I'm not I was teasing
I'm also in class.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/bNXBF2yT/IMG_3997.JPG
Everyone is going to gay baby jail
Roasting my handwriting now
Y'all don't even know. I just drop letters or blend them and I can't even tell what I'm writing.
My last name starts with a g that's how I've always done it
He's still talking.
Why are you deriving equations they're all on the sheet
Hey Meg
Hi Vern
No need to suplex
German or otherwise.
That there's no need for suplexing
he's still in washington
u a frownie face
ooh i liker
*liek
LIKE GOD DAMNMIT
i fuckin give up
i'm now listed as a striker/shaker
i've changed classes so many times
I think it was initially striker/breaker with minor stranger. Then Striker/stranger and now striker/shaker.
aren't you playing around with bone homie
ah yes. and Loldhand
I s2g
hopefully i don't change to lwn annwn
i'm not  loon!
rip cg
is spelt running a game?
hello
how u
ijust woke up from a nap. so i feel like i'm in a different dimension
all of them
mega at some point i need to burst into your office and just be like "Look man just tell me if the goddamn duck lady is real"
oh no thalia why
YOU'RE THE BEST PERSON TO KEEP ME SAFE IF SHE'S A LOON LOOKING TO OFF ME
if i get offed by a duck
i don't want to die
GOD DAMN U ALL. Waddle I do if you keep going on?
ANTI DO NOT FIGHT THE BEAR
not with cunning. Not with hot dogs.
Don't do it.
okay i'm forever late with this but i had to cook dinner
so last summer my boyfriend and I were helping anti move out of his apartment. And it was a hot as fuck day. So at one point we're sitting around and eating lunch when we realize we haven't seen anti in a bit. He went to the bathroom and just disappeared. Turns out he passed out in the bathroom from heat exhaustion. So we get him out of there and our other
friends take him to the hospital and anti's hooting and hollering because he doesn't want to go
he gets there and he tells the nurse. "I feel fine. I feel so good I can fight three bears. Not with brawn. but with cunning. And hot dogs."
as you could imagine they didn't let him go home.
i have also watched a drunk antioch try to fight furniture.
anti just. He's a trip that one.
mega u back
guess who's back (back)
most of the best anti stories I have though did not happen with me there. They were told to me by him and our other friends.
for they happened way before I met him.
the cookie dough one is one of my favorites
i'm going to antistories I guess
ur booty is commendable
blocked urethra?
oh no not a hat
i think that's an apt way to describe them, pink
drink their blood
DO IT
i can prod him with pointy things. interesting.
nonagon, the keeper of the increments.
you're just the only person I notice that like really keeps the increments organized. You are now the keeper
Me! Me!
thank you for your support thal we will get that selfie
anti's been teasing me relentlessly about my cleveland characters i'm going to scream.
pfft. I think the closest thing to PC friendships in cleveland is me and non calling each other mean names
OH MY GOD I FORGOT ABOUT ONION RINGS
yeah. is he back?
I'm sleepy okay thal
FIRLZ YOU ARE NOT A DAD GTFO
aren't you like a law student? No time for twat blossoms
yeah
and we're not planning on killing each other.
oh deer
get in the robot shinji.
spelt how come DMH wasn't called hookers
WE COULD HAVE BEEN BLACKJACK AND HOOKERS
GOD DAMN
KNEES AND TOES
i'm having fun ok
tinkers need good infrastructure. Money, resources, a workshop.
like you can wander around being a brute murderhobo but tinkers. You can't be a homeless broke tinker.
y'all robbing doesn't solve your problems
EXCUSE ME. I have not put my HOO HA on the internet
and if i do mendez will probably put me in her office and slap the shit out of me
and a gun store.
and if we're counting AQ too I robbed a McDonald's and an armored van
and I don't think i'd be slapped in the sexy way
it'd be slapping in the "girl you're going to end up in JAIL" way
yeah.
and then i'll NEVER bang valiant.
no more than four or five players if you're just starting out because.
if you start out with fifteen people you'll burn out  and then everyone will just be like "Saff where did you go saff?" and now new haven is a distant memory~
if I ever reboot it i'd max at five players. Probably do people that I know.
I doubt that i will though
Ear Murderer will rise again- Yum
god damnit
no i'd flush everything out. new characters for everyone.
i don't know thal. I kind of suck at GMing because I don't give too much of a shit about mechanics
and I want to fuckin graduate.
i never know when to make people roll. So they're over rolling or under rolling.
anti is not atomically powered he's powered on caffeine shots and cats
idk man maybe if i finally fucking graduate.
):
I have like four classes left.
here comes rat boi
i'm sorry rat boi your dad hates the protectorate because of me
talking to all the pre-teens
i'll connect with the kids
i mean mendez without her coffee is basically a rat anyway.
:D
i'm so going to get locked in a padded room for that one
I don't want the hug jacket
I DON'T WANT THE HUG JACKET MEGA
tbh one of my favorite parts of going through the atlanta airport is getting a jersey mike's sub.
yes i fly delta
spelt aren't you supposed to be sleeping
ya lil shit
i h8 planes
taking cold medicine beforehand usually relieves some of the pressure tho
that isn't nice spelt
why is she a bitch
i don't know
oh
i mean.
who pinged me wat did i do not
*now
yeah still interested
:D
I'll kill EVERYONE
D:
dol and I are friends
i'm excited. i'm almost done with classes i just want to fuck off and RP  and jesus there's a puppy in my face again
HE'S LIKE STANDING ON MY SHOULDER
and he's trying to bite my fingers
he's being such an ass tonight. He's putting his paws on my hand and then dragging them to his mouth
he's already had dinner. he just likes eating my hands while i type
he deserves it because i'm his mom? harsh bow
bucky is actually on the sleepy side rn. when i take him to pee he's going to just sit on the sidewalk and refuse to move
ugh. yeah. some of my friends have done shit like that with bucky and it drives me INSANE
hello
how you
oh dear
what u packing, bel
oh no
bel we're losing you to CANADA?
going on a maple syrup bender, eh?
oh
shit is dags getting a session?
D:
NO. NO BONESAW
NO NO NO
stick to the stuff you knooowwww
god damn divecock you got that song stuck in my head now
so what do you do if your building has no water and the supervisor won't give you a concrete answer to when it'll be back on?
thanks anti.
hey dol
hahaha yeah. I'm trying my hardest not to pounce and beg for a session haha
yeah. I'm like. I really want to dive in but i'm also kind of like "I should wait until classes are done on wednesday"
like i have one more lab, three more classes, and then the final. I'M SO CLOSE
if it helps i got a 15/15 on my last quiz
(But i bombed the test this morning.)
(but in my defense everyone was like "I kept doing the problems and they weren't coming out to an answer on the sheet" so maybe)
ur a meese
i am not a gay i'm a bisexual please get it right
BUT I'M NOT STRAIGHT EITHER
ur guay.
tuzi is the coolest
me
her situation may not be hot but is she?
flawless victory. Fatality.
hello
oh no splet
I think the whole school is missing measuring devices
I've had to do a month of physics labs with no rulers and no balances.
anti i just faced love live user "Undine"
(as well as user uh. Saggy tit)
but yes i got first place undine got crushed
take that
yep. anti and i are irl friends. every so often i show up at his place and pet his girlfriend's cats
well. I pet one of them. One rubs up against my leg in an attempt to get me to feed him. the other just hides and does not get pet
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/jM1lknkK/IMG_3981.JPG
he also does that whenever we're over and trying to watch anime.
just sits. In front of the screen. Like a little fuck
he doesn't like kuroko no baske
my boyfriend.
it's so hype
anti i don't think tuzi has the emperor eye
hey mega
not much. playing way too much fuckin waifu rhythm game bullshit. you?
i want to play overwatch again. I'm only allowed against bots though because my boyfriend doesn't want his win rate fucked up
(also I suck balls at it but i have fun)
will it work? is the game purchased to the account or to the computer?
it's on his computer which i would have to use because I have a mac
i mean. it's a laptop so it doesn't have a whole lot of ooomp to it
*oomph
I just use it for internet dicking and word processing.
mega no
pee on it. claim it as your own
\o/
nice reward for finishing class. if I don't set myself on fire before then.
Two more classes, one more lab, one final. I'm almost there.
why noooot
can i set the school on fire?
god damnit undine
just like. Lloyd and gallalee
I'LL FINISH WHAT GENERAL SHERMAN STARTED
hey that's me
that's why you just ask stupid questions
yes
WHAT'S UP BITCHES YOU READY TO PARTY?
i don't know i just wanted to make an entrance, Jack.
and there are already enough holes in the wall from when i tried to do the kool aid man thing
i don't have homework
i have two more classes, a lab, and a final
i like those doggos
okay i finished my intro to listening final.
anti will my next session be AQ or Cwn?
i have one, centra
AQ has one session like every three months, firlz. Anti has just been teasing me with the idea of one. :-P
eh. i've just stopped talking to my sister. My mom's convinced she's not going to come back after she leaves for college so
what learning thing
I don't finish physics until wednesday ):
yeah. ugh.
in this case it means take the final exam
because it's going to fuck me without buying me dinner first.
god if i ever end up fucking valiant y'all are gonna turn and be like "Wow saff your boss REALLY?
cent my cleveland character was a villain who recently turned protectorate hero. valiant is the leader of the cleveland protectorate. thalia wants me to bang him.
tuzi does not.
thalia i think you mean the shoulder condom
http://www.mypartymonster.co.uk/images/sm36374.jpg
this is thalia's outfit
MEGA WOULD BEG TO DIFFER
oh my god
y'all i can't do my boss that's fucked up.
he's like thirty cwn is like 19
he doesn't need some smoky young coe--I didn't bang wink.
oh god no.
banging wink would be asking for the sorest vagina in the tri state area
because he can just. keep going and going and going.
i'm done with the betrayal game.
look. i'm not going to actively pursue valiant. but if he propositions it I ain't gonna say no
yep :)
an irl friend of mine too
he knows where I live.
though I can easily break into his house.
I AM NOT BETRAYING THE PRT
i still have killhand knuckle tattoos
hell
what on earth did I walk into
brick bags?
everything
i mean i can stab you and say it's because you don't floss
that's close enough right
no
haven't you ever been to a dentist god damn you don't stab them
in my molecular bio lab last fall. Most of my classmates were premeds all getting into med school and shit.
but one girl. She was pre-dental.
and we used to rag on her about wanting to be a dentist.
So one of the guys goes. "How do you keep a dollar from a doctor?" and we're like I don't know, Ricky. How do you keep a dollar from a doctor?
and he snickers and goes "You staple it to their kid" okay. Fair enough. then he goes "But how do you keep a dollar from a dentist?"
And he does the pause and looks right at her and goes "You can't."
everyone in that lab ended up being so successful and shit and i'm sitting here like uh professor I broke the gel again
i apparently had the perfect hands for pipetting but holy shit you get me near an agarose gel and that shit is going to end up in pieces
it's like. jello that you shoot dna into
and you have to break it out of the mold before you can use it
and I was notorious for going to pull them out of the mold and they would just rip in half where you're supposed to load them
and those things take a while to set. so it's just. once they break everyone is sitting around for another half an hour waiting for a new one.
yeah chrono. yikes is right.
still managed to pass that lab. even though I didn't do the big project.
which it wasn't an active "i'm not doing this" it was a "Oh presenting in front of the class we have to sign up for times but it's not like organized maybe she won't notice"
if tuzi were awake he'd like. tunnel to alabama and burst up from under my couch and beat me to death with a shovel but he's not so uh
night nerds
good morn
how u
hey dol!
hey vern
and mega
i guess they're just chinchillin
thank you dol. but i am but a wee smol. Not a hero.
god damn u alt
what is that is that a tasmanian devil
cg how
deer god
i am aware. It took me like two years to build up a collection of shit and i'm still missing stuff
anti who you running?
i dumped dex for cwn.
i uh. can't aim a gun for shit
jack you lost an arm?
PANDA WHY
beat them with your stump. do it.
and divecock it's usually good manners to wait until a few other people have a session before you ask for another.
if your GM knows your schedule it's better if they contact you
or you could just be like me and bust into your GM
's house
pet their cats, and then ask them 200 billion questions
why would you do that to dumbo
what the fuck did thalia do now
eh put me on?
You're in the cool kid's club
JESUS FUCK. I've been playing this stupid waifu game all day please someone save me
fuckin love live school idol festival
and cock that reminds me I need to finish huniepop
https://vine.co/v/inAiBuI6UOX
i'm cryin oh my god
honestly if I knew the word "fuck" as a kid i would have done that shit
ah yes the weremegafire. A fierce creature
Hey FUCKOS
Hi dol ilu
Hi Thalia ilu2
Just finished class ready to pass out
Long.
hi dol
ton mother protecting her fleshy children from spoilers
oh no it's spelt
murderhobos are the best
hey mega
not much. About to start studying for my physics final
I"M SO CLOSE TO BEING DONE
I don't want to study don't make me
thalia
BUT THEY ARE MINE
but
;)
all logs are beautiful, no matter what they say
I"M DONE
done with physics
now's when I bug anti to run me HEHEHEHE
good morn
most of my answers were on the test
so either I got them right or I fucked up the way he expected me to fuck up
hey meg
can I uh.... What ridiculous thing can I come up with this time?
charge like six hookers to the PRT account and send them to Valiant?
"entertainment"? "Stress relief?" uh "Morale boosting"?
"Party favors"
wait I can get a hooker for valiant?
Okay i'll order from like. The good escort service and not the lovely ladies down by the pier
is there a good hotel nearby
i didn't. I didn't really think this through. I didn't think you'd say yes
mm inner ear jelly
oh yay thalia!!
I was congratulating thalia on the GMing
Ah bow. The hero we can all depend on
"What do you want for dinner? Steak or chicken?" "Yes."
Bow hands the waiter his menu. "Yes."
hi
hey dol. I'm good, you?
oh hey it's panth
I am good panth.
DID SOMEONE SAY BIRDCAGE
oh we got a newbie?
hi friend
DID SOMEONE SAY MAIM?
I'm in
It is clean.
i don't FIT IN THERE SPELT
):<
and my son would be very upset if i were in his crate
my puppy is my son
I hate children i want like six dogs
don't tell that to my son. I'm his mommy.
):< i don't need no sticky twatblossoms.
I'd love to, to be honest. but i'm 21 so like no doctor would do it. >.>
a lot of docs in the US won't do it for young people with no kids because "WHAT IF THEY CHANGE THEIR MINDS?"
not a vasectomy, cam. Tying fallopian tubes
no vas deferens so no vasectomy
but yeah shit like that happens. I've been refused my birth control before.
tuzi have you had undine's therapy session yet?
tell her not to be mean to me
):
do you want me to come back to your office crying? or heh. Handcuffed because I punched her shit in
"LET ME BACK AT HER!"
I'LL FIGHT HER
I'LL FUCKIN FIGHT HER I'LL WIN
):
we uh. We uh. SAID YOU WERE A NERD.
yeah i'm here
what you need
oh fuck shit sure?
but yeah i'm good for char gen!
$trigger
bone homie?
go to bed vern
too many waifus will ruin your laifu!!!!
thank you dol
i think tinker is the most boring but to each his own.
i don't know i'm playing pokemon.
purple or navy blue.
a dongtapus.
$luck
the life perk definitely fits with the trigger too. Ahhhhh
can i take the only friend as an underling?
I was kind of thinking right at the beginning. Running away from home or something
I could do that too hm
flip the bird, blast some classic rock as I stroll away
ah yes the sacred text: "Worm" by wilbdow
ace
make it divecock i'm entertain
please do
a dong
if we're starting a cult do we need cool masks
and robes
if it's a box of zoo animal masks I want the panda bear
you can have a rat
uh
uh
it's where good triggers go to DIE
huntsville, AL? nice.
Been there once for a long weekend. my freshman year roommates were all from huntsville so I stayed with them for a fall break
Oregon more like oreGONE
ha ha ha ha
just give me your donuts
http://www-scf.usc.edu/~samantcd/itp104/adult14.jpg
i'm high as fuck on anxiety meds so not tonight for me, panda
it's not the fun kind of high. It's the "I'm going to fall asleep and wake up six days later" high
good morn
thanks non i needed that
i'm running around my house trying to do adult things but i'm failing spectacularly if someone wants to set me on fire that'd be cool
are we playing "break tuzi"?
my adult responsibilities for the day are done
i had to run around trying to find a police to identify that my car is in fact my car
i didn't do anything. My registration expires soon but I can't get to connecticut until next week to reup it so I had to file for extension
i'm supposed to be writing but the DOG IS ON MY ARM
he's on my head now pls help
SOS
i don't want to pull my machete punches
I'll machete punch you into the sun
hey spelt
tired.
tuzi and I are like the same height I think
i will take the smols and we will form our own tribe
5'2"
whaddya want?
why did i get pinged
oh. I hate powergen.
i cna' t sleep
good morn fellow humans
(And thalia bot)
Ooh me pick me!
i'm really good at helping people flesh out backstories
Basically I just ask people a lot of invasive questions about their character until they know what they want
charahub.com is also a really great resource if you don't have anyone to bounce ideas off of
hey anti r u around?
when u gonna run me
I'll punch spelt
aiight.
AHhghhhh i'm out of bred
breb
ayo ready 2 go?
Not too surprising with you. You didn't fall asleep in a trashcan this time, right?
:-P
anti fell asleep in a trashcan once
yeah, tuzi.
there used to be a facebook group of just pictures of anti falling asleep in weird places
Yeah. that session was split in two
and half of it was lost
I ran into the problem while trying to write my queen narrative. I was only able to recover a small chunk
Yeah. That's why. The session was split over a month or two gap
so the first half of the logs got lost
bel it's been so long
hi dol!!
I PASSED PHYSICS
I'd like to thank the academy. And the anti. And the uh. The power of friendship.
no. dude i failed physics like twice before this
Non's a mom?
:D
soma's back
back again
wait where are you going on the greyhound anti?
Oh!!!
okay because i'm like idk I just know I'm dropping you off in baltimore and leaving you to fend for yourself
too many pcp
i'd light khandas on fire
THALIA YOU KILLED TOO MANY PEOPLE
Bad thalia
i thought that said tinker spank
firlz are you asking about human trafficking? Shame shame
I think spelt is starting up a game, Hor? But i don't know if he filled or not
SOMA is passed out on the couch hugging a bottle of chardonnay while the kids are at like. soccer practise
and Tina's mom has to bring them home AGAIN because Soma forgot
I LOST MY BRIGHT VISION OF THE FUTURE WHEN YOU PUT ME IN JAIL
I didn't like jail.
all my fingernails fell out
OH FUCK I FORGOT PINK I'M SO SORRY
you practically bent me over and fucked me, mendez
"Assault with a deadly weapon," "Assault with a parahuman ability," "Attempted Murder," "Two counts of completed murder," "Larceny," "Drug use," "Possession of drug"
what did I do?
I don't have a baby.
thalia no
anything else you can get me for, mendez?
Damn. I guess I did resist arrest
I also called you a bitch. Which may not be illegal but it probably hurt your feelings right
I WAS COOKING DINNER AND THE POWER WENT OUT AGAIN
like i have jambalaya on the stove and the POWER WENT OUT
this is happening like biweekly here
like I'm so sick and tired of living in this complex because it just seems like it's one thing after the other
power's out, water's off, security gates don't work
I JUST WANTED TO EAT DINNER
NOW I HAVE A POT OF WET RICE AND SHIT
oh no
I was gone for like two weeks and this is how you repay me
hi divecock
oh no anti is cleaning my kitchen
I COME BACK FROM MY PARENTS' TO THIS
HELP I'M NOT GONNA BE ABLE TO FIND ANYTHING
EVER AGAIn
i hate not being able to find anything. At least I can blame myself if the house is messy and I can't find shit
i've done some. I also threw out my shoulder real bad somehow. Help me I'm getting old
i slept on it wrong in the car i think
yep. that's about right.
i had to sit with my arm behind my head
because that reduced the pain slightly
so i shouldn't down a bottle of wine and a bunch of vicodin?
(I don't even have vicodin. I do have wine though)
advil helped it. it's just I didn't have any for the eight hour car ride
so i'm shoved in the backseat with a shih tzu shoving his ass in my face, holding my arm behind my head, and there's no advil. For eight hours from virginia to alabama
i mean i'm home now so it's aiight
pls no vicodin gave me hot flashes and made me feel like my stomach wasn't real
):<
i don't i'm actually a robot
beep boop
oh uh
fuck
you got me there
vanilla tea is delicious
it is my mother's favorite of the teas
hey dol
You firebombed a police station, you numbskull.
he went to the grocery store and left his computer open I just kind of had to
oh no spelt
went to CT to see my parents, helped boyfriend move house, had a financial crisis/mental breakdown, and now I'm here for a sec I guess
and I guess I moved house too. I'm technically not supposed to be living at this place but like. Whatever, man.
If anyone asks we just say I go home late at night and drive over here early in the morning.
he went to the grocery store and left his computer open I just kind of had to" Impersonating a mod. Foreverbanned.
yeah i'm alive.
barely.
of soy sauce? No anti hasn't given it
he's at my place every day
there have been times where I just wake up and go to get coffee and surprise it's anti
yeah because I don't leave the house anymore.
yes I am staff hello
a staff infection
oh. well then.
i'll fuckin infect u
yeah it's a me
hell, spelt
hey vern
thank u bow
vern you cannot ship yourself to me
we don't listen to the germans
hello
thank u spelt
ahhh dol nooo
oh
hey
Assets: A pair of banging tits and an ass that just won't quit?
:D
i'll steal whatever I want
hey
oh i'll help
NOTHING IS REAL
hey dol
yes it me
bored as shit
rip me
thank
no shitposting?
but I am a walking shitpost
hello friends
yeah it's a me
hello
anti call your girlfriend back.
We tried to call you too, dummy
But I guess I'll say it now?
Saffgotengaged
I don't have that much money, tubes.
Just 20 bucks? not like 20 bucks and a beer?
HE'S MY DOG
the dog congratulating us by shitting in the closet. Which is like the same thing he got me for my birthday
depends. Does the skinsuit have the face part?
what shade of blue
is it a brisk cobalt? Or a navy?
Using myself as a vector of bioterrorism, just sneeze like a motherfucker in a crowded international airport on christmas day (at line 421)
hello
i am 2 smol
anti were you the one that gave me bronchitis?
is that what this has been? An attempt at a slow death?
you don't have to have it. You could have created a biological weapon
hey hey hey
I'm just gonna roll over and die lol.
i don't have money to buy taco bell right now lol i couldn't have gone on a trip
and I'm going to be hurting for a while because I've been missing work because I CAN'T STOP COUGHING ugh
four hours in the doctor's office for them to be like idk *shrugs* a
they gave me antibiotics for something that was clearly viral. I need steroids to reduce the inflammation so my lungs can finally clear up
the problem is my symptoms don't usually get bad until nighttime. And they're not open at night. So they see me in the day and they're like "This bitch is just wasting our time" and I'm like lol no I literally cough until my head hurts
My future mother in law is a nurse so I'm half tempted to just like "Yo find someone to hook me up"
if you have medical troubles I feel bad for you son?
i've only had the shiraz one but the chocolate cabernet is the most popular flavor. It's always sold out
ace.
but yeah it looks like only those two have chocolate. The others are fruity
i h8 u all
hm. Apparently there's a mulled wine flavor
and no i don't hate any of you
pls don't put me out of my misery
WAIT ANTI ARE YOU JUST PLOTTING MY MURDER SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO GET ME A BIRTHDAY PRESENT?
rude
oh that was fast.
i still need to get shannon's.
but I can't currently use my bank account because the stupid apartment complex hasn't cashed my rent check
so i can't use my account without worrying that they'll overdraft
oh hey scraggs
oh shit
matt's been begging me to make him a beef wellington but i'm just like. I don't feel like my skills are up to snugg for that
*snuff
not snug
agh jealous.
yeah. but I can't have any until I finish my antibiotics. ):
everyone was getting crunk for the election and I was like "Now I know how my grandma feels every fuckin thanksgiving."
I haven't been feeling better. They gave me antibiotics for a viral infection.
but I'm trying to finish them so when I go back I can be like "PLEASE JUST GIVE ME STEROIDS DEAR GOD"
some probably should have
roll to avoid gangrene from shooting up in a mcdonald's bathroom
what
https://67.media.tumblr.com/a27b44dc19e3c9b45ee8e97357f9c80f/tumblr_ogcroeqPBu1qc583yo1_540.png
blue cheese is one of my faves
I nearly ate a whole hunk myself.
hey hey
hi dol
hey hey
sleepy. But what else is new. How you?
hey hey
how everyone
mornin anti
whenever anti lets me?
i'm not busy at all lol. i'm still on academic suspension so i basically sit at home and/or go to work
oh shit that was a good cupcake.
but yeah anti whenever. though I'll be with my family for the holiday next week so not really on my computer much
Aiight.
gonna binge the shit out of the new gilmore girls with my mom. and then probably drink too much wine with my grandma it's gonna be great.
what's even happened
i never see anti anymore I imagine that he's been hiding away in a closet with four cats while perfecting his plan to take over the world
look. a lot of things in cleveland wouldn't have happened if someone didn't break something
I remember when I was public enemy number like. five.
Ahhh. good times
rip Zoup!
ah yes. The brilliant author "Wild as Fuck"
you're a zoup
thalia i think it's time for your nap
if he calls a number is he dialedbow?
yes spelt it's a me
mario
but I am italian
AND I WOULD HAVE KILLED HER. If it weren't for that meddling king and his dumb serums too
I have a great uncle mario
No luigis in the family that I know of though. everyone is either a vinny or an anna mostly
I HAVE NO REGRETS
well. maybe I shouldn't have banged my subordinate
BUT IT SEEMED LIKE A GOOD IDEA AT THE TIME
look man
about that
uh
why am i being chained
all right. I gotta split~
holla holla dolla dolla
hello hello
howdy hey friends
memes????
dear god
weeeeeeebb
oh is it good???
i haven't taken a listen yet
I'll listen later. I'm actually sitting at work.
but lin manuel miranda did the music right? I fuckin love that guy
ur mom
does anyone here crochet? am I supposed to hate myself this much or is that not part of the process
ok i guess i'm doing it right then
I spent six hours last night on two or three attempts to make a fuckin new dice bag for my fiance for christmas
and I ended up scrapping it all and I'm trying again
having an existential crisis
Idk I just don't really spend as much time on my computer anymore
and oh no
shit
I can cook though
I don't want to be near any children so uh that's another point against me
shit
but i have boobies!!
no boob pics this is a family friendly forum
aiight
cleveland, you perv
no
nonagon is always a charmer
the blood of your enemies
meg!!
ok how you
oooh fun
oh dear. though firlz usually finds a way to fuck up
damnit firlz
you're supposed to be the fuckup
U SCREW UP
tricks are for kids?
good how u
THE HYPEST ANIME MOVIE OF ALL TIME
imagine a death race in space north korea
that's redline
what the fuck anti
I FINISHED THE DICE BAG I DID IT I AM A WORTHY BRIDE
now I have to hide it until christmas
I'd have to ask Colton's girlfriend for advice on that. That shit's hard
and I can already feel my fingers getting ripped up just thinking about it
Yeah. I've already had enough frustration with crocheting and I've been doing that since I was 10. taking up a new art might fuckin kill me
I'm not planning to start fecal fingerpainting, Thalia.
Mmmm moderate rend.
I have a satsuma.
SCREAM
now it is not
oh
i hate when answering machines tell you how to leave a message like. I know how to do this i've used a phone my entire life???
like it never bothered me until I started working in a call center
like I JUST WANT TO LEAVE THE MESSAGE STOP TALKING
who let thalia out of the corner of shame?
guys there's a sign there and everything. Can't you read?
NOT A CHURCH
I said don't pee frisbee jesus
Using myself as a vector of bioterrorism, just sneeze like a motherfucker in a crowded international airport on christmas day
HAPPY NEW YEAR COCKSUCKERS.
Hey spelt hey dol
idk lots of cray shit i just cleaned the house and i'm probably like 90% formula 409 and 10% benadryl
i hate cleaning. Mainly because it kicks up dust and then i get all gross. and taking benadryl cuts into my cooking with wine plans for tonight.
hey divecock
on?
oh?
I'm so confused. Anti was supposed to tell me things and then I uh. I fell asleep
before he started talking
I was sleepy and under a blanket and the football game is o--Oh fuck oh fuck NO
shit thalia is going to fuckin put creepy cameras on me
well there are the normal cameras
D:
what's her power
Faust!
hey everyone
aiight. at work
thalia i heard you triggered.
what did you do this time.
oh hey meg and spelt
I CAN DO THAT TOO
now u trapped
that's how I catch the pupper
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/jJ0wlzrO/my%20son.jpg
that sounds like a prophecy. "the beach will be stained with blood" and something something something.
I'm not a mad scientist. I'm a disappointed scientist.
hey anti
what's up fucks
....
i have not been abducted
i'm at work i can't shout GOD  nick
oh fuck i did it
well
FUCK
hey mega
uh. uh. FUCK FUCK
i'm at work i'm getting bored anti's girlfriend is doing work things so I have to actually make calls.
and i've left so many voicemails I think I might be turning into a robot
because you're a robot, anti?
or because I want to talk to your girlfriend
i'll steal her
fuk u divecock
his girlfriend doesn't like the ladies.
):
she did ask me to marry her once when she was drunk though
but I told her no because I only wanted to marry my fiance so
I think I lost my chance
I am technically an ordained minister
i'm bored
that's why
I'm sorry uh. so how about those uh. those games
are your thumbses too big spelt?
go home tuzi u drunk
HEY FUCKO
aren't we all always pretending?
hi cogo
take my paps
like when you get papped on the nose
or when puppy paps you in face
yes like a boop but flat
and uh.
please don't uh. Call me daddy
birb
what is going on
thalia why
hey divecock
SAFF YES
but gay baby jail is what we call my puppy's crate
i don't fit in there
he's so smol
https://68.media.tumblr.com/7734b81fa0bcf342142926ab57b89290/tumblr_oj6bfqVjQx1qc583yo1_250.jpg
jackoff i'm engaged I cannot
can scraggs and I share onion rings again?
scraggs is probably already like a twig because cocaine suppresses the appetite.
okay can scraggs and I share a line of coke?
oh wait wrong character.
how does anti keep getting stuck GMing the coke heads
there was one point where anti knew the street value of many drugs in Cleveland in the year 2009
cwn's life is a never ending fuckin breakdown
she still hasn't talked to valiant like that's the whole reason she's there she's just sitting around waiting to be like "But why" and he'll probably just be like "Lol because I didn't want you to stab me?"
oh god I forgot I promised that thalia
well if your balls are kind of lopsided i'd say you have a sad sack
https://68.media.tumblr.com/7f2b3253a11720ca6faf8631fbe9f09e/tumblr_inline_oixjllPCjj1r2o8ah_540.png
it's a sad life without milkshakes and onion rings
well. i could live without milkshakes I think. they're good but I get them like once a year
onion rings though
I can't live without onion rings
jackoff why.
onion rings are godly
no please don't batter me
i'm trying to cut back on carbs
hell yeah hell yeah
yeah it was blood bitch, spooky bitch, short bitch, and sexy bitch
blood bitch is dead
I'm in the protectorate. who knows what non is doing and quickdraw is out being sexy
no i'm spooky bitch
you're uh. sparky bitch
you're still a sexy bitch but dol is THE sexy bitch.
like we ain't denying that giggs has the bod of a god with beautiful fuckin hair.
half the people in the protectorate would probably bang her.
hello yes
how you
what does my marketing depend on? Not flashing everyone again?
look man. How many of your capes can say that they had a sex scandal? maybe I should release a sordid sex tape!!!
but.
you could monetize it
fuck sorenson i am a legal adult kind of I can release a sex tape. Capes gone wild.
(Cwn will not be releasing a sex tape no one wants to sex her right now she's kind of a shit)
that involves finding someone to sex. and she can't leave the HQ
there you go mega. I'll sex up gigawatt and then you can make a KILLING.
thank you spelt i needed that.
i have left so many voicemails today.
(I haven't seen archer I cannot comment)
and uh. uh. I'm an adult the youth guard wouldn't care.
kinky
cwn already has a brand though.
good
turn wink's brand into a "property of Sahara Mendez" brand?
ooh do i get a moonflower around it?
i'm down for this
it looks like uh. like a moonflower, nick.
fuckin duh
ur a fuckin cactus
dol is dope
https://68.media.tumblr.com/5cc8a0ee969d1c98f02e4766ed908d3e/tumblr_inline_n6ow4s4jxl1rc97q5.png
does rat boy have a sister
oh damnit nick.
who beat me to it i'll kill them
i can't kill thalia
thalia sent me hello kitty soy sauce
i shouldn't do blood stuff with thalia
what if thalia forgets something and then like bloodsplodes and kills me
i just like. totally got tongue tied on my last call i sounded like a moron
maybe i am a moron
this is my job i am a professional
and i was like urm ugh F--------while the computer sputtered
like i know the lines
but my computer was being a butt like cycling through things because this lady couldn't understand the question "Are you currently driving?"
she said yes and i'm like ok we need ot call you back because  it's unlawful for us to talk to you while you're driving.
and she's like NO I'M NOT DRIVING I JUST HAVE A CAR
so i had to go back and the prompts kept getting messed up and i nearly screm
i try to make everything super clear but people are still dumb
"You're driving a car. Right now" Yeah. "Okay i can't interview you" NO I JUST OWN A CAR
weee woooo weee woooo
i just want a nap y'all
i'm at work i cannot
i just. i had a really annoying call and i'm gonna like facepunch the wall
SHE JUST DIDN'T LISTEN. just started talking and i'm like okay that's nice but that doesn't answer my FUCKIN QUESTION
hehehe
linda got fired a long time ago
now the only linda i know is the lady next door who has the best cats and plays guild wars or something idk.
there are so many phone numbers that have 666 in the middle uhhh
blub blub
what's up FUCKS??
thalia whyyyy
Bel no
thank you for snack
Hi divecock.
can you legally dock thalia's pay she's a minor
NO SHE'S NOT FUCK OFF
that was a while back damn.
look i get it you used to be the boss of blackjack i'm not scared of you give me all your information
I'm just so bummed i can't gut hobos anymore
and if i stick it to the man i go to jail.
because you know I have a record or whatever.
anti where's my session in the qu--THALIA. i'm not allowed to fight wink.
ah yes thank you anti that's uh. quite a specific timeframe.
but hey i mean. you get to drink as much coffee as you want and also be around sexy superhero ladies all day
look man cleveland protectorate has Gigawatt the redheaded bombshell, Feral who is seen naked more often than not, and cwn annwn who has her breasts all over the internet. It's pretty great.
hey. Sex sells.
she was mean to me
tuzi no
i'm okay vern. just kind of fuckin around lol
classes start tomorrow so i'm like -_-  but
thalia you're too fucked up for PRT therapy. An alternate you killed your mom
dad
not mom
i fucke up
HEY MAN I FLASHED MY TITS TO PROVE A POINT
AND I'LL DO IT AGAIN
HEY MENDEZ SUCK ON THIS
like. does anything surprise mendez these days?
we had a fuckin war with a gang of evil muppets.
how's that liver doing, dags?
the borgata has the best food in town
you gotta trust the italians when it comes to food.
Anti, how's their gnocchi?
fight me
you a sita down and eata my lasagna.
NoooOOOooooo
i need to make gnocchi again. I want to make it like. With a meat sauce and topped with mozzarella, baked in the oven until the cheese is bubbly. Hell yeah hell yeah.
hey man if the disney channel is still a thing in wormverse there's a career option for you
you don't need to
spider thal
does whatever a spider thal does
HELLO FUCKS
please tell me something interesting is going on i'm bored as dicks.
hey meg.
how u
tired. as usual lol
look. Look with your special eyes
i always dump soc and then I end up with fuckin murderhobo characters.
I could neeever dump guts
who the fuck fights with a sword anymore.
but you know what? Guns are better
you can dodge a sword you can't dodge a gun
what about BEES
i've jaywalked right in front of a cop and he laughed at me
u the bitch
heyo. how u
(thalia you know i <3 u)
i'm doing ok i think
oh good cogo.
kill
no i didn't say you neede to die you need to KILL
i don't get to kill anyone anymore. ):
mega let me out let me fight a bitch
everyone let me outside i'll fight anyone i'll fight the mailman.
YOU'RE LIKE TWELVE
I CAN CUT UR ARMOR
real deal sessions? What am i do
UR A TIMESKIP I'MMA FUCK U ALL UP.
no idk mega i don't even really know who's available to fight right now
I'm so behind on cleveland logs lol
I rend.
:D
yeah. Or I rend exits.
Oh yeah I did rend that card
it was gonna hit me though so
i can definitely secure an area.
Yeah the floor vagina. Terry got thrown through that.
firlz when Zoup! was attacked by non and his goons.
I clawed through the floor and left rends. I was hoping uh. Hoping non would fall through and be shredded to death.
Zoup! was beautiful mega.
it would have worked if non dind
didn't roll like a god
Nick don't make me laugh i'm at work
oh god that was beautiful
A+
no i just. I want to fuckin fight again like. All of my sessions since I got taken in have been like cavity searches and depressing shit.
(even though lol i'm an emo kid this is my life)
Can i stab undine in the face
what does tinker taste like.
cosmo no
I mean anti
fuck
shit
I CALL YOU ANTI TO OUR RL FRIENDS AND THEN COSMO HERE
Fuckle
anti doesn't like his name though. The moment he realized he could have gone by CJ his entire life. I thought he broke.
yes lid. Fuckle.
i was on a call but like no names don't show for me i just know anti irl he's sitting next to me
i could hit him I could end him.
I could offer him a pistachio.
anti took my pistachio.
anti i'm trying to rememebr what my stupid mastering physics pw is but once i figure it out you can run me.
WHY DO THESE THINGS REQUIRE FUCKHARD PASSWORDS
aye aye captain.
yeah spelt fuckin fight me
sorry I'm a bit busy trying to do physics homework to roast rn
i have only seen anti in pan--no wait. There was the time me and his girlfriend put him in a dress
that was such a lovely color on him.
ugh my computer decided to throw a tantrum UGH
I NEED TO DO HOMEWORK IT CAN'T DO THIS
LET"S GET THIS SHOW ON THE ROAD I'LL NUKE EVERYTHING COME ON
leave cleveland with a fucking crater
kill?
i can't kill anyone unless mega says so
hello
speaking of mega
can i kill someone
I don't know someone.
K I L L
Tuzi you told me to uh. to uh. Fuck i forgot.
breathing.
i don't think i ever discussed my murder urge with the therapist.
Hey doc by the way every so often I really just want to kill someone what do
I really don't know how I forgot to mention that in our counseling session
so if undine calls me a bitch again I can cut her right?
but she's a biiiittccchhh
what about fucking the teammates? can I do that?
well most of the prt capes around cwn's age are gay.
fleet is the gay one cogo.
shhhh she sleeping
not you jack
succ
you wrote. succ.
suck queen? Is that amphetamine queen's prostitute alter ego?
SHe WAS SIXTEEN YOU NUMNUTS
divecock i don't want that shit.
ayyyyy
I DO WHAT I WANT
I'll burn myself i'll punch a wall i'll skip lunch i'll be self destructive.
it gets me into hot topic probably.
probably the fuckin weirdo trying to hide in plain sight
oh
shit
well i'm dead
I CAN'T KILL HIM THAT'S HOW I GO TO JAIL
oh i do like maiming
Mega walks downstairs. I'm covered in someone else's blood. It's all good.
ur a dog
fuk u
same
same
same (at line 564)
dick
Just start barking.
great idea.
BORK BORK BORK
BORK TO BE WILD
I can't do that though
mega will get mad
i might get put in a padded room.
or jail
oh
i'm the one being a dick kind of
i'm about to get my shit kicked in fuck
i'm gonna get in so much trouble
I swear to jesus
fuck my ass
TUZI NO
Noooooo
I definitely am
hey bucky doesn't bark at the mailman
he does shit on the floor though. Little asshole.
I"M SORRY MEGA
please don't put me in jail
i'm not actually going to hurt him I just want to punch his stupid face
well uh to be fair turncoat until like two weeks ago I was a crime boss.
I didn't betray mal
but he dumped me so
MOngrel. am I talking to gilgamesh
TUZI YOU'RE NOT MY REAL MOM
"look cwn you can't kill people anymore. Stop that shit."
I DON'T WANT TO GET FOAMED
five if you count giggs
She was just in a bad mood and she's rather unstable.
you probably shouldn't fuck with someone who is trying to self destruct.
Tuziiii. Come on. Everyone has bad da--Bork bork bork
probably not
"Hey man you're joining a team with a girl who's like. one step away from flying over the cuckoo's nest maybe you should chill your nips"
No don't ship me out.
shhh i'll be good I just want to punch his smug face
DON'T SHIP ME OUT NOOO
I'll be good
nooooo
look this is personal he called me a cur.
megaaaaa
NOOOO
don't send me awayyyy
the rends were for sriracha not for the squaddies.
Nuh uh
maybe
but like. shhh
i'm gonna get so yelled at
please don't send me away don't fire me i'll  be good.
just get me some fuk
I'm not the one pushing them into the rends
that's sambuca's problem
i'm not allowed to hit him
?
what
-1 away from a rend oh god
remember when khandhas  singlehandedly ruined a perfect PRT plan?
jesus christ.
i'm not typing from anti's computer.
he's next to me. we're both at work
fuck u
oh shit i forgot to add that she turns around
god dman
i'm gonna get tackled.
i tried to maim someone
look man gigs shared her onion rings with me i'm chill with her
fries before guys
is mega going to fuck my tender asshole?
1
that's kind of the hallmark of my characters. they don't know when to stop
which is probably just a facet of my personality that gets put in them.
don't send me awayyyy
he was a jerk!!
I wasn't going to kill him
I tried to poke him in the chest like hey bud. and he used wind on me
he escalated it
oh no they brought me to findlay shit.
i'm gonna get so buttfucked today
sorry tuzi was on a call
well you up now
i'll go lube my asshole i guess.
well thalia compared to redcap they all look sparkling
but i didn't turn a man into a fine mist
but i never succeeded
worst thing I did was fire bomb an empty police station
we had a guy who  could make napalm though so
like.
and to be fair the fire was really fucking cool
thermite right.
not napalm
I couldn't remember. THat was a year ago wow
ANTI NO
Cwn voice: Yeah I once threw a man into a rend hole and got bathed in his blood.
anti never buys any of the shit he threatens to.
he said he would get me a saber waifu pillow
19, divecock
a pretty new 19 too I think? Her birthday is in October.
in the woods
all alone.
She's got a ton of scars everywhere.
somewhere else is being put on a bus to out of clevelandtown
Oh it's fuck raining why do I have to go to lab
Well I'm thoroughly wet now
I ran across campus in the rain
My umbrella is in my car which is. Far away from me for right now so my future mother in law doesn't drive by and see it and try to make me homeless again
Don't send me away I'll be good
Look man at least I'm not snorting coke in the bathrooms maybe
Let me hang out with gigawatt my performance will definitely improve.
I don't rend Willy bully
Nilly
I had a reason
YOURE TELLING ME COGO
Palms sweaty moms spaghetti
Don't tell mom pls
Is it my turn or tuzis
Wink would probably have broken me until I was figuratively sucking his dick. And it would have been kind of awesome.
And I was a major reason coldhabd died
I fucked uppp
Because she's had none since her trigger
Wink was fine.
Where is Scraggs you've gotta kill someone now
We can singlehandedly destroy the Cleveland pet and then run off and idk make a sex tape it's fine.
Oh you're gonna rail cwn? Doesn't that break some kind of oath?
What about me pink?
You said my real people name
D:<
Mr. explodes every time he has an orgasm?
And oh cool. I just got confused
Stop what?
Are you gonna chop my balls off
Hush u
Thank tuzi. Am I sufficiently crazy
Oh thank you anti.
Hey man I used to be the tantrum queen.
Oh nick you're gonna make me cry.
Idk I guess I prefer playing characters that are young and don't have anything together.
FIGHT ME
You're all making me feel fuzzy god damnit.
FUCK being safe
Get high and shoot a hero in the chest
Oh no my puppy is crying fuck
He does not have balls if that's what you're asking.
He is ball-less. And his dick is tinier than dogs his size. He's self conscious about it
He's a shih tuzi
First it wanted me to write shit in all caps
And then it made tzu tuzi
A shit tuzi.
But yeah his crate had a label that said gay baby jail
booty shorts sounds like someone who could have been in one of my new haven gangs.
and lol tuzi i think valiant has better standards than to fuck the newbie.
also it's kind of scummy to be like "Wow this girl is crying and in a bad emotional place trying to make a meaningful connection with someone while clearly latching onto me, I'm gonna fuck her"
because in this position she would totally have sex with him. But it's manipulative and icky
yeah. i'd lose a lot of respect for valiant if he did fuck her right now.
(also whoever asked me about my dog please look at him he's got pics here https://www.instagram.com/purplepoctopus/ )
the other two are my parents dogs
and yes he we made a gingerbread cookie of him
oh my god. dogs are so good
lol cwn drops the "Hey man I like hurting myself" bomb and everyone is like "idk man you wanna get burgers for lunch i'm not paid enough for this shit"
oh i have a dossier.
I am a file
look. space tears are a legitimate strategy.
no doges for cwn she'd probably shit herself and second trigger.
let me patrol i can do it
I'LL FIGHT EVERYONE I"LL FIGHT MY OWN ASS
I love it
oh my god.
..... i just had a stuffed penguin thrown at my head followed by a shit tuzi rocketing towards me.
Cleveland's PRT is going to drive Freeman to drink
Oh sirocco you're here give me a second *Hides under desk and chugs a bottle of everclear*
what is with my shit rolls today
fucked by the dice.
why play tetris when you can rip off your own skin
i'm not on meth this time tubes
I didn't ever actually kill a hobo
i only killed terry.
and terry deserved it.
why does dodger hate me
i've never even met him
what did i doooo
IT IS UNETHICAL FIRLZ
again. fucking someone who's that vulnerable is fucked up. Also they're in a conference room
which is unsanitary
he's the one who was like "Hey come with me you'll be part of the team" so I guess so
Villains anonymous.
there's just a sign in the cleveland protectorate that says "X days since last team incident"
and like every time cwn leaves her room the thing just ticks back to zero
oh. hm.
to be fair though coldhand was a fuckhead
and giving him to nach got her off my back
oh i'm sorry i guess i got to liquedate some blokes and then make sure their daughters trigger
to be fair firlz
khandhas does tend to royally fuck up
more is not always better.
Anyway i'm gonna try to sleep i'm gonna be so dead tomorrow.
DIDN'T YOU GET THE DON KILLED
and almost die of radiation poisoning?
and thanks anti. Night!
YOU WERE DOWN TO LIKE. ONE FUCKIN TOOTH
but yeah anti i'm free from like 9-1 and then after 2 tomorrow
just let me know.
night nerds
Help
*heyo
lol I was supposed to. Slept through it.
I really shouldn't have. But my physics lab was awful last night and I just couldn't sleep
Are you going to hit me with a newspaper?
I need to like. Get up and join the world of the living and stop fucking up my life.
Oh god if chilis is anything like Texas Roadhouse I'm sorry.
Chain restaurants are hell on earth
At least you don't have to dance?
Hi mega I'm sorry I'm ruining your department.
You probably will. Because I mean I destroyed the lobby.
Sirocco is coated in foam
And I probably bled on the floor of the conference room.
He did make me kneel. And not in the sexy way.
I haven't sucked nearly enough dick in Cleveland I guess
No. I had to make anti several dishes.
I believe my participation in Cleveland first round was entirely due to my chocolate chip cookies
You can't say no to my cookies
They're as big as your fave
Face
Yes fave fave
God damn
I'm on mobile.
I'm poooor
Dunno.
I also have to find a real people job
Also travel stresses me out like crazy
I'm going out of town next weekend and I made a packing list a month ago so maybe I wouldn't freak out. Still gonna freak out.
Anti and I are part of the shittiest kangaroo court in history
Anti when do you want to pick up today btw
Sounds good.
Remember we have rehearsal tonight.
Six I think.
Ur a scabby discarded flesh husk
Dude it's only ten and I need a FUCKING nap
I should have the logs on my laptop. I'll get them to you if no one else has once I get home
Anti no shitting
Will you steal magic cards too anti
Oh my dinner
look man.
as long as i still have the highest total wordcount
mega's gonna kick my ass
what were you going to do?
I TRIED TO DO MY HOMEWORK AND THE WEBSITE IS DOWN
Fuckin
I skipped class to do homework. and now i can't do homework
so I just skipped class
and tuzi is going to come out of the walls and like eat my skull
that's if the site isn't still down anti ):
because my class was at 8AM
but yeah anti i'll be in the office at 2
my last class is in the sec so i'm like ? why bother going to the ferg when I can just walk to work and chill where it's quiet
Ugh
oh god
anti and i have a job where we are literally encouraged to have laptops up.
so it's just. easy i guess.
rip
by the end of this i'm gonna have another brand that says "Property of Sahara Mendez"
also anti I was thinking last night. Cwn letting quickdraw paint her nails is like. a big fucking deal. She hates her hands. They're scarred and don't work quite right and she still has the uh. Kill hand knuckle tattoos.
that was one of the first things she did when DMH started. Coldhand had ones too
she wears fingerless gloves now.
As part of her costume
Covers up scars and tats.
but yeah like. her hands are super mangled because you know. dog attack. it's also how i justified knocking one off her dex.
NO
DON'T COVER ME IN PEANUT BUTTER
(it's hard playing a character scared of dogs I literally run towards every dog I see screaming PUPPY)
cwn gets licked by a chihuahua. Second triggers.
dogs are beautiful
crabs aren't people they're crustraceans
come on. anti is a sentient frog. I'm drawing amphibians as the line for personhood
oh did I offend catfish?
I guess fish can be people
but like. If you have an exoskeleton you're not a person
):<
i don't even know what a second trigger cwn would be like to be honest
anti what would you say it would be?
i already have shadow armor
which i guess is like an exoskeleton.
Maybe i could spread my shadows over an area. or turn more of my body into a rending machine.
maybe i'll just end up with more ptsd for tuzi to attempt to beat out of me
please don't put leviathan up your ass (at line 296)
why is it always me
I
I'm surprised i haven't gotten prank calls from nach trying to slowly whittle down my self confidence
wait can I puke darkness or do my rifts just get cooler
OH NO
who's going to call me a dumb cunt now?
scraggs i thought we were friends! We shared onion rings.
<3
I'll snort coke behind a dumpster with you. just don't electrocute pls
oh shit.
gets bullied until second trigger. great idea guys.
tbh i should probably be three doors down from sveta by now.
even my therapist doesn't have faith in me
i could probably cause a really bad hole if i combined with the wrong power
I gotta go to class. bbl nerds
But the No Respect flaw means /other/ people don't respect you, not that you don't respect yourself
D:<
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 128)
Oh.
I don't even want to know what half of those are
Most of them are about shoving things up your ass probably.
everyone loves a good gay orgy
U the best
Help I'm so sleepy
Everyone?
Baby come back
You fucking weebs
Well I almost got hit by a bike. Again
Kinky
I DO WHAT I WANT DOL
:3 I like you too dol
surprise mendez i fucked the team leader
):
i thought we had something special non.
Nach is one of my favorite cleveland capes. So smol and so angry.
:)
technically last night
like five minutes ago probs
oh
uh
summer of uh.... 2014?
no. 2015
May 9th 2015 the day amphetamine queen robbed a mcdonalds
it was a few days later iirc that she joined the dust devils.
because I think we left at some sort of cliffhanger and I was like shit i'm gonna have to make this poor girl suck some dick for coke
RIGHT I REMEMBER
I kicked him in the chest and he puked on my shoes right?
dude the clamshell fight was one of my favorite moments of WD though
I got my shit super kicked in and everyone thought I was dead but I helped fuck that guy up
shooting him even though I had already snapped my wrist, suffered a concussion, and broken several ribs? so satisfying.
I thought I was supposed to but then things happened and I disappeared from the internet again.
i'm pretty busy right now though. i need to fuckin gradua--faust no
tuzi come oooooonnn
just give me a handful of valium and a shot of vodka and i'll be all good
oh no i broke mega
Sriracha makes everyone angry. Gets shanked, shocked....
and tuuuuuuuziiiii. Come on. :-P
"it's not like I like you or anything, baka."
oh so i can get good rolls on shit that doesn't matter but kicking someone's ass and talking my way out of handcuffs get me 1s
come oooon. he was wearing armor it would have been fine
can you make it to a briefing without being high as fuck? :-P
"I outrank you" oh shit.
tuzi's about to get an ulcer.
ouch.
I mean. You saw cwn's psych eval.
god damnit sirocco. Bless his little, delusional heart
at least I can be reasoned with
and i'm not calling for people to be put to death
no then there'd be three at once.
ouuuuucchhhh. You a serf
then again i'm a dog so
i guess that's above me
rat party
low ath high guts. am I doing a lot of really shitty pushups?
take him down
how much do i have left of my goddamn kidney
sirocco busts into the room where i have my exam, stabs me through the back.
releases me from this flesh prison
awaken my potential
okay so I second trigger if I kill ten people cool MENDEZ I KNOW WHAT I NEED TO DO
I NEED TO GET STRONGER
i'm gonna accidentally snap my hand tendons again aren't i
after a day like today though he might slip in some straight whiskey
you can also get it out of a plastic bottle at a gas station
dude i'm really curious about the fucking kidney now. is there just a mangled half in there?
So i'm just missing a kidney and he was like "YEAH NO I FIXED IT"
That's important to know. there are things you shouldn't do with only one kidney oh god.
back to the mediocre rolls i guess
oopsie
but i am a hound
awoooooooo
AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i'm gonna end up snapping something during this test
the bend and snap.
there is no help here
bow down to the dice gods
NOT YOU
(Unexpected wilbdow)
you talk we throw everything out
(oh dear tuzi be glad cwn can't hear you. She'd bite your head off)
apparently people with one kidney shouldn't engage in contact sports.
what. the fact that they gave me a gun after I ripped my own wrists up
like this could have ended very badly
like this could have ended with you getting a call from sirocco's cell saying that I shot myself. Whoooopsies
YOU WANNA SAY THAT TO MY FACE SIROCCO
also I like the grey goo
you killed tubes, man
Thalia this is when you activate my cameras
Sexy shower scene ayyy
Anti is the shittiest prosecutor and I'm the judge.
Hi smith.
Smithywerbenjaegermanjensen
He was number one
Anti I'm gonna hop in the shower and wash off this anime shame. Brb
I'm back
Bow bow bow your boat
I'm mad my cold shower turned warm.
No Thalia I think someone flushed.
Listen kids don't do anime dances.
I mutated during my charagen.
I haven't been in the bedroom yet. Should we play a game of where did my dog shit
He shit in the yard!!!
He shit in the yard!!!
why did that double post
he's a good boy
he's a pupper
a small pupper
a dementor?
I am hound.
awoooooooo
in the best way possible though
hey man i didn't almost rip him in half there was no almost i barely got near him ):
NO I WANTED TO RIP HIS FACE OFF
I doubt he would actually boink her
MORALS
tuzi's pushing the gay agenda again?
or beholder.
and yeah she's not in a healthy place at all. She's latching onto a vague ideal.
because he was nice to her.
he is pretty awesome. and she'd probably actually like him if she stopped and actually spent time getting to know him
but right now she's just romanticizing
same
(Please do queen)
but yeah no she's not telling freeman she wants to bang valiant
the therapist is married
i'm not fucking a rodent sex golem
i'm not gonna fuck valiant either. I'm assume he has standards.
noooo
no maybe i should just get naked in front of him and vaguely gesture at my vagina.
yeah man i don't want more appointments I wanna get some grade a ghost dick
sriracha.
i got taco bell
he made me kneel
bucky is trying to eat mu hands while i tupe
help
don't encourage him nick
my fingers are not for eats
oh shit oh shit
oooohh what's gonna happen
damnit anti leaving me on a cliffhanger.
and i'm gonna be like "Hey anti when are we picking this up?" and he'll go "It's a mystery"
because fuckin shit
I just. wake up in the middle of fuckin flashing goddamn lights
walk out of the room. oh it's over
):< they skipped me. What do they think i'm gonna shank someone or... oh.
so anti when do i get to find out what happens?
oh nooooo
anti's going to leave me in cliffhanger hell forever
technically i helped.
I firebombed police stations :)
yes tuzi
):<
it's fine i'm fine
Tuzi come oooon. at least I didn't shoot myself?
hey doc what's up btw i want to fuck valiant and also probably kill myself peace out.
NO ONE HAS BRIEFED ME ON THIS GUY
CWN IS LIKE IDK LIGHTS ARE GOING OFF GUESS I SHOULD LIKE FUCKIN SHADOW SNEAK
guess i'm just gonna swipe at the air and hide
i don't even know what the lights mean. y'all were too busy making me run.
oh i just. I watched Gordon Ramsay's video
Here i'll link you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TE2omM_NoXU&t=9s
actually no scraggs. We just go--OH GOD
we just got a grill for christmas
a lot
I AM BEING PAWED
i just want a ruin cape
vortex was probably the closest. advantage: asshole Disadvantage: asshole.
my original murderhobo
i knew anti for like two seconds and I was already screaming kill
gonna crash night nerds
ugh i overslept again
i've been trying to wake up at 7AM every day
so i don't oversleep my 8am classes
and I fucked up yesterday and today
i'm like really off my groove right now and i'm super mad at myself.
i know but. I've already failed this class two times because I couldn't get up in the morning
depression is a hell of a drug
ugh i'm annoyed. I was doing so well and then one rainy day with a shitty lab fucked me up
not much how u
Oh there's a cat
The cat wants to be my friend
The cat didn't want me to leave
Hey meh
Meg
JESUS
Fuck this phone
Wow mega I can't blow shit up I don't have grenade clearance.
Excuse
I did contemplate shooting myself during the range part of the physical though.
:) aren't you proud mega.
D:<
i've never had a character killed off i'm not gonna start now
i've only been put on a bus
movers are so much fun
ESPECIALLY IF THEY'RE ON SPEED
no i just started chugging a monster
it's fine.
I'm gonna make my heart explode
and yeah a lot of fuckin valium
Dr freeman walks in. "Here's a bottle of shit. Take a handful or six. If the walls start talking to you you're doing it right. Peace out." And then he does a shot of vodka and walks out
yeah there's no way mendez doesn't know
also when mendez finds out i was allowed to fire a gun after my meltdown and admission of self harm. heads are gonna roll
but i'm not the fun type of stranger that fucks with people's heads *Pouts*
hahaha.
I think the ganged up upon is probably the key.
I thought about it a bit last night. With Sirocco's clue and just the overall like driving forced behind her trigger. It's probably less the dogs or even the being hurt and more the "There are several people coming at me at once and they all want to hurt me"
I want to second trigger just because of morbid curiousity
and because it would mean delicious character development
but yeah man she's getting stir crazy. she ran a gang and now she's being told like hey maybe you should stay over there and idk talk about your feelings
wait did player one die
but my boobs are still on the internet.
\o/ BAZOONGAS
i could become the greatest hero ever and someone will still be like "YEah but what about her tiddies"
too many tinks
anti what happened to keandre? is he dead'
did he ever get a new car
i passed my physical though you'll let me patrol right mega? right? Because i'm totally okay right now
oh my god
and hey i only have one kidney left please don't fuck it up
according to the internet people with one kidney should avoid contact sports because you can easily fuck up the other.
anti i swear if you make me lose my other kidney i'm gonna piss on all of your cats.
also damn my capes eat a lot of mcdonalds. I only mention this because I haven't eaten at a mcdonald's since 2008.
or was it 2007?
):
MISHIE SHUT UP
who yelled for me what's going on
yes vern
anti's burning things in my backyaaarrddd
no that's a bad idea. anti knows how to get into my house.
i'm not setting the house on fire
Oh my god girls
*firlz
My fucking PHONE I SWEAR
Look man girls are so pretty
I got a mango iced tea and I thought it would be sweet I was wrong I was so wrong.
No it's four in the afternoon
I'm just on my phone.
We're on the way to see the future MIL for early dinner.
(Pray for my soul)
I've also had enough caffeine to uh. Well my skull is vibrating.
Yeah
Or when someone self destructs.
:)
To saff things up? Vern!!!!
Dol has a cooler nickname than i do
though. Is hound my rank or my nickname? because I don't know if it's that or if I was hunter or prey or what
that's what you WANT us to think
i want to write but my head is swimmy ugh
i had too much caffeine when i've already been super anxious the past few days.
so I think I just blew myself out.
Look kids don't make bad decisions like auntie saff.
I won't bow. it's not a my heart is gonna stop thing it's a anxiety + Caffeine = panic attack saff
Already had dinner. I'll probably see if anyone will walk with me. I need like 3 laps around the road to hit my goal.
yeah. i'm gonna go for a walk.
Vern don't do this to yourself.
I talked for forgemaster
And I fucked up
Where is my cat friend
I met a cat on my morning walk and it hugged my leg and didn't want me to go
Bucky is a weenie
He can't even bork right
Not everyone can be a good cape
You've gotta have chumps
Hey I have a good power
I just you know. Have self destructive tendencies and suicidal ideation.
Yeah
thaliaaaaa
ah forgemaster. seeing him like this is making me like. not feel as bad for running out on him
\o/
I think I finally found a picture that looks like how I picture cwn
the eyes are slightly the wrong color but the face feels more right than the first one I had
https://charahub.com/character/775177/Gwyn-Pryce/public/
That was a drawing i did. and idk I think. I think the sketchbook is at my apartment so it might have been destroyed by mold
come back when you can afford one, faust.
someone smack me and get rid of my writer's block
oh no not the good kidney
dude my fucking son is meowing again
no my writer's block isn't gone I just have a crying puppy for some reason
WHAT DO YOU WANT YOU NEED TO SPEAK ENGLISH
he meows when he's upset. I don't think he realizes he's a dog.
He's already fuckin GAY.
every boy dog will walk right to him and just. automatically mouth on dick.
like. My son has gotten so many blowjobs I'm just.
we call him the ultimate twink
yeah i heard about that. ):
dol you hurt his feelings
sorry scraggs
ugh i have ALL THESE IDEAS in my head and I can't get any of them onto paper. Something has killed my creativity and I can't figure out what it is.
I'm done.
(though it is something for cwn annwn.)
there are so many sessions before i can find out what happens when I wake up from my nap.
please i can't handle more than one anti.
murderboxes are fun hehe
just don't get too attached to your character because they will die
yeah pretty much wel
It's super fun. I've been in... two? No there's been more. Because I was in one bow ran once.
I think I've been in three.
I haven't GM'd one so I wouldn't know.
My brief foray into GMing did not end well.
rip new haven rip meme team
hi divecock
bye wel! Come back soon
You are now pat
pat pat
the motion is carried. All those in favor
i love how everyone worships anti(och) and i'm like dude he fell asleep in a trashcan once.
he is a good cook scraggs. I'll give him that. he also has many other redeeming qualities
but I have also seen him do many a dumb thing.
HD-DVD
blackberry succeeded in place of iphones.
oh noooo
don't fuck valiant cwn would be very sad
yeah holy shit
she went from borderline sexual harassment to "Eh whatever"
send me those heroic pics, dol XD
cwn starts nosebleeding. Freeman quits and takes up painting.
anti are you sure we can't do the Dpt 48 pinup calendar?
I call july.
that asshole
what was his name uh
Yes!
AQ was gonna fuck his shit in
he was the reason she almost kidnapped beholder
no it's feral
she looks like she's 17
fleet is legal
he's a babe. But i'm pretty sure he's gayer than the fourth of july
she has the body of a seventeen year old because that's where she's frozen
Who's jailbait then?
I don't think forgemaster was particularly attractive?
or am i wrong?
not up for rating the attractiveness of your NPCs, anti? :-P
dude I think I accidentally wrote cwn as having borderline personality disorder uh.
or the lolita bit
come on let's be real are there any capes here that aren't messed up
there were more fliers in cleveland. rip AQ my darling wee bab
well i mean. not literal rip
she's still alive.
just she's not. not in cleveland.
i write sins, not tragedies.
GOD DAMNIT ANTI
I'M THE EMO HERE.
no you're faustus.
y'all's a bunch of nerds.
when i was a young boy my triggers took me into the city?
thank you for putting me out of my misery
thalia do not tattoo anything on your ass
and same scraggs.
good morn
hello words
I think i'm getting sick. ): how u
i can fix that.
hi dol
sorry vern
git. good.
i'm a fountain of great advice
now remember kids if someone offers you drugs, take them because that shit is expensive.
(Disclaimer: Saff has never done recreational drugs.)
and if you're really desperate, find the dumbest kid around and sell him a bag of oregano mixed with pepper.
dude i'll fucking cook with it
I have two plastic tubs in my cabinet right now that are just full of fuckin oregano
I left one out one day and my roommate came by and was like "Look I don't care if you have weed but please don't leave it out" and I'm like. Dude fucking smell it.
please don't smoke my herbs my grandma gave that to me
I use it when I make pasta sauce come on
I don't use the whole tub
i just. every time I visit my grandma she gives me some. And like two bottles of wine. Bless grandma.
I guess yeah. but not at once. I just make a lot of dishes that need oregano.
I get sick of having italian food all the time because you know. I grew up with it. But fiance grew up with a white-ass-can-i-speak-to-the-manager mom who didn't cook. so he enjoys italian food all the time.
Cilantro is probably my favorite herb though
It is
I'm sorry.
You poor defective bastard
Oh I love rosemary too.
Just throw it on everything.
Uh. I'm here but I'm on mobile so idk if I'm much help
Yeah
just be prepared for the amount of salt drafts cause
people yelling at each other people yelling at you
i'm not a snail thalia i'm not gonna melt
Yo co
Not about your car
About the how am I today
IM GOING TO THE DOCTOR
IT OPENS IN 11 minutes.
I think I have strep
I just really need to not
It's cold outside send help
I'm working on it. Six minutes.
I'm about to fight this old dude I was here first
Everyone is trying to bumrush this door
Dude calm your ass I was here FIRST
I'm gonna fight someone
Also you left your pencil case Cosmo
Oopsies
It's okay anti can break into my house
And wait I don't make a habit of flashing myself!!!
They're fuckin great thank you
Yes. I have exposed antis secret identity
He is actually a super villain eating dorritos in his fortress while wearing a relax bear kigurumi.
We just let anti do whatever he wants idk
Sometimes I walk into my living room and he's there.
Ur a Doritos
A dorritos. Locos. Taco.
Anti no
Yeah anti basically has a phone glued to his hand.
FUk u spelt
I can see that I can't do that
Ur terrible
Ur an italic.
Does firlz really know anything?
(I'm sorry firlz you're all right)
THERE ARE NO GAMES THERE'S ONLY REAL LIFE
no i don't want to build a snowman what
i am university of pupper
ugh i passed out in front of the computer
is tubes a peeeerrrrrrvvvvv
ah the good ol gay spank bank
yeah she's super gay
late onset celiac's?
eh. for a while my mom thought I was just being dramatic instead of you know. actually depressed. Parents are weird about teenage girls.
u done it
detroit: At least it's not cleveland?
i've had a cape rob a mcdonald's. It's all good.
ah amphetamine queen, you beautiful bitch you.
hey man I would have probably done the same thing in thalia's shoes
LET'S FINISH HER OFF FOR GOOD THIS TIME
Come on thalia. fucking gay ass girl gang
thalia and I are going to start a lesbian girl gang it's okay.
either that or we're going to end up in the parahuman asylum together.
thank you thalia this is why you're the brains behind this operation
yes tubes.
we employ all sorts but no straights.
though what if they're straight but trains. I think i'd still accept them
TRANS NOT TRAINS SHIT
"Oh no. looks like this is a job for the gay squad"
SORRY THE GAY TEAM
oh i get it it's like A team
but gay
cwn gets a rebranded outfit that's in the pan flag colors. Fleet and fid are decked in rainbows
oh man beholder.
I tried to kidnap her one. good times.
*once
I know how to type guys it's fine.
yeah tubes don't stick your dick in crazy
ouch faust. XD
What kinds of situations would cause mendez to deploy the gay team though?
OH mY GOD TUBES
and shit thalia you're right.
I'm pretty sure all my sketchbooks are in the apartment otherwise I'd draw this bullshit.
we bust into a middle school. Beat up some kid. "He called math class gay we thought it was acceptable."
what's the trigger, Kas?
i like it kas
rape isn't really the trigger. the trigger is more about getting caught trying to kill the rapist.
and damnit divecock
i should run into the living room and tell anti about the gay agenda.
gay team yes
y'all i'm on a lot of cold medicine right now.
do we have another newbie?
slamming you are now space jam.
come on and slam.
I'm saff. don't listen to my advice or you're probably going to end up in trouble. :)
cashy's been really temperamental lately. at least for me.
have an important roll? 1. need to do a pushup? SIX
hahahaha faust
fuckin nerdos
check it.
Lumina. Cwn Annwn. Fleetfoot.
as a secret select squad under legend.
the gay team.
(Though cwn is pansexual shhh it works)
they say she's in the class gay team
cwn has a lot of issues.
like. she's kind of refusing to meet freeman halfway. He could be the best psych in the world but if she's not willing to do anything then he can't help her
Though she should probably be medicated.
I guess at the moment cwn's sexuality is "This person wasn't mean to me"
AQ was cocaine-sexual
true true dol
SHE'S LIKE TWELVE
plus at the moment she has a raging boner for valiant.
but she probably isn't going to go out of her way to seduce valiant because she doesn't want to be sent to another department
ur a gay space whale, faust
cwn only did it by accident and that was one of the most awkward things.
oh nooooo
i just typed focus as phocus maybe it's time to not
hit all the npcs with the gay stick
fleet is gay, right?
what way does feral swing, anti?
Depends how many pieces you cut her into?
yeah. oh feral.
how about undine? I'm getting v curious abou ther
yeah. I definitely got the lesbian vibes off of her.
YES TUBES
no it's tuzi's.
spread the gay agenda.
maybe i should phrase it this way. Who in dpt 48 is straight, anti.
ouch nick that's pretty cold.
true.
but uh. there's a chance that she and cwn could end up in a catfight, and not the sexy type.
she wasn't even that mean to gwyn I read the logs again it's just gwyn doesn't have the ability to handle criticism
"Hey gwyn maybe you should throw a punch like this not this." "WHY DO YOU HATE ME OH MY GOD YOU HORRIBLE HUMAN BEING"
i thought that said "I savor your persimmon" anti
and oh god
i don't know. like. I have a feeling AQ would act out like a little shit.a
just do stupid shit like smoke in the house or put her shoes on the table or like. shoot heroin right in front of him.
and then shades yells "Well i'm not your real dad so."
he didn't. dear god.
he has a name. No one calls him by it.
Marc Patterson. He says it to himself every night before he goes to sleep. Because somehow everyone forgot it once queen started calling him shades
i got a class in the morning i need to sleep. Night nerds
i don't know. like. I have a feeling AQ would act out like a little shit.
heyo
hey megs
oh I can think of a soc skill that'll win a fight.
Your parents aren't together anymore because they hate you.
hey anti when you get a chance can you look over doc? There are a few things that I'm iffy about.
I feel like every time someone says something outstandingly nice about anti I should add something incredibly dumb that he did. Just to keep him grounded.
One time he made miso soup and served it before realizing he forgot the miso.
it was still ymmy
finland isn't real
at least. like. so my job involves me calling random numbers. There was one guy. I give him the survey and I always end with "Do you have any questions for me?" and the guy goes "Yeah girl can i get your digits?"
sir i am betrothed
aren't you sleep
nick oh my god you can't just call people donuts
I mean anti did the behemoth fight
but that turned into Firlz fucking up
I don't remember
I wasn't in the fight.
I was too busy firebombin police stations
I uh. slam. I'm trying to think how i can explain uh.
yeah
that's
that's about right yeah
remember when I said last night uh. Don't ever take my advice?
That's because my advice is usually either "Kill it", "Snort it," or "Piss on it."
my cleveland character firebombed a few police stations back in the day. She had access to thermite. It just. It happens.
JACKOFF NOOOO
gotta go to class. be back in like an hour, nerds
Yes ob.
And hey I'm back everyone is standing outside the classroom
And I don't know why
Hey
Help
I came to class with my weeb shit in a bag
My cosplay for dress rehearsal tonight
Yeah. Anti screams a lot and throws yugioh cards at people
He's kaiba from yugioh. I'm C.C. From code geass.
We have a Phoenix wright. A dva.
Chi from chobits. And sailor mercury.
(Sorry mishie)
Anyway class is starting see you in a bit nerds
hehehe you said nip
vern stop
you're only hurting yourself
you heard it here folks. Anti plays favorites.
that's because you live in the shame basement, thalia.
am i a favorite, anti?
the gay baby jail ahs been retired.
*has
vern you're going to be smote
smited
smothered
WAIT
shit
;)
i ruin everything
that sounds fun anti
and lol vern because I have #nofilter
that too
i have fed anti too many time
nuke vern
div no
anti's triggering me with math.
read cleveland logs
I only say this because cleveland starts with me :3
and I'm vain
AQ is my precious cokehead daughter
I will protect her
hi tuzi
i keep breaking tuzi why
how do I get him back?
GEE I LOVE THEM GAYS
SEE I FOUND THE HOMOS
I didn't kill you this time
okay uh.
don't think so, pupp
gay team would be beautiful.
oh you're in georgia, pupper?
anti and I are in Alabama.
he tried.
Tuscaloosa
Oh no way. i used to know a lot of people from there.
vern i swear to burly german jesus.
yes
i swear uh.
i just swear
FUCK
see
idk i'm trying to write and my brain is full of scrambled eggs
uh. hey remember that time uh. Thalia killed a lot of people
in the ol weaver dice
i cleaned logs too.
for the like. two sessions i ran
i should back off of tuzi before he has cwn committed
it's always because of me.
IT'S TIME TO RRRRRRUUMBLE
god damn anti shades is still my favorite npc.
like he just. somehow got stuck with Queen and she kind of made him her bitch.
like he just gave up arguing with her. You want to snort coke off a stripper in the living room, fine. Whatever.
i'm good at the crazy juice
mega!
How you?
hm. both of my cleveland capes triggered in the woods. interesting
queen doesn't have a thing for shades, firlz. She's a kid.
and fuk u mishie
there will be no fucking of the shades
no he doesn't take off the glasses
wait what
oh. was she an option?
my sweet bab?
i'm rereading her narrative just so maybe I can get over this writer's block. Instead i'm just like FUCK YEAH
also known as "Sexy Bitch" for the bitch squad
true
goldenrod she's a bitch
she's the one that came to cwn in the hospital and was like "Look you have powers it's not my problem peace bitches"
iI HEARD U WERE TALKING SHIT
help
i'm dressed like a weeb
Shooting jetstream was the best thing I ever did
hey dol
i always say you should shoot peop;e in the face
pleaza no frieza.
hey that's me
:D
im gonna go to bed night nerds.
yeah that's me panda
it was a joke to anti and then he was like
NO THAT'S YOUR NAME NOW
It was going to be deep end I think. and he decided AQ was better.
okay now i'm gonna sleep now bye
MORNING FUCKBUCKETS
oh uh.
hey mega SIR.
yeah. I know. I have no knowledge of protocols though so if I fuck up that's not on me.
i don't know if that's a compliment or an insult. from you non, it might be both.
let's check.
Coldhand.
i'm just glad you never kicked my shit in, non.
but yeah mega look i'm not responsible if someone gets rended
morning, jackoff
I can do maiming.
if someone runs into the rend holes that's not my fucking problem
HE LOST HIS LEGS MEGA
AQ HAD TO WATCH THAT
Sorry druz I uh
how do I explain this.
I'm mega's bitch. Uh. Literally.
awooo
mega is a prt director. My character is a hero on probation.
hero probably being a loose term.
and my last session left off on me waking up to some sort of siren.
i think anti updates them at the end of an arc
oh i think that he just named the last few arcs, druz
i'll fight him.
anti i mean.
I'll ask him for help with physics and then POUNCE
yes vern?
I FLASHED ONE TIME
ONE. TIME. ONE. CHARACTER.
feral runs around naked all the time but I'm the naked one?
fine mega i'll just send everyone in the department my nudes it's fine.
but anyway. Mega if I succeed in stopping this escape attempt do I get to go on patrol
or am I still gonna get my ass screamed at for trying to attack sirocco
i don't know if I even get that award. You have gigawatt.
And the panacea prize for having a weird crush on your sister goes to....
and. I contest that point but she probably got a better psych eval than me
oh
uh.
look mega I can explain.
XD tbh I love any session I have with mega.
there's a reason mendez is one of the biggest badasses in cleveland.
FUCK U VERN I WAS HIGH ON COKE
really?
I mean he just kind of talked to me and I screamed at him and tried to maim him
yeah.
ouch vern
I'm just. I'd like to see what mendez would say after she found out that cwn was allowed to handle a gun two minutes after having a breakdown
"Who thought this was a good idea. You're lucky no one's dead." *mega studies her targets* "Actually now that I see it cwn's a crap shot you were all fine."
if anything in that situation cwn was a danger to herself. But still she's a crap shot
in mendez we trust.
i think if mendez took a vacation cleveland would blow up
like the second you leave surprise it's the simurgh
true
god bless invictus.
were there ever any dreams about shooting cwn? ):
"the fuckhead"
Oh non has a session today?
And jack his power was ice
And being a dumbass
Coldy used it a lot
Do you know how much money the dmh had to spend on his medical care
And he got the good shit. When I lost my kidney I had to do it while biting on a towel.
Also anti if you get a mo I need summaries of what happened during the meatspace sessions.
Yeah
Yeah I did. Hehe
Right. I remember jet stream showed up too
Yeah.
I really just need areas that got hit and who got hurt.
Because I can't remember all the times coldy got assfucked
I also don't remember what he was supposed to look like. I always just pictured him as an icy Huston.
The end
I like rice
The moral of the story is, kids, don't piss of nonagon or you end up dead in a hotel bathtub.
Who is on my laptop right now.
I KNOW YOU ARE STILL THERE.
No. I'm on my walk. I left my laptop open
And someone typed I like rice.
It's either yumgar or it's the roommate. I'm gonna piss on someone.
Yes mega. It's a thing in our friend group. If someone leaves their Facebook up you RICE them.
And druz Coldhand died that's what he did
And he ran to Cleveland. Was picked up by wink. I got stuck with him
Non hated his guts. I sold him out to non so I'd have dmh to myself.
Most of the Coldhand sessions were in meatspace so no logs
It was mostly just us three chucklefucks in my apartment trying to keep the dog from eating dice
And here comes the saltpelt
sleepy
FIGHT ME SPELT
ugh gotta go to class rip me.
I'll fuckin FIGHT you spelt
PUT EM UP
Vern no
Stop dying Vern
Dying.
Mer-capes
I guess Vern doesn't need this right meow
That's a claws for alarm
Katzenklaue the unsung hero of Berlin.
I'm down.
Kinky.
FUk
FUCK
Vern don't Vern out.
Vern out. Start a cool campaign and then just. Stop.
I Vern out. YOU Vern out. He/she/it verns out.
Oh. Cool
That's pretty rad
NOW TAMATOA HASNT ALWAYS BEEN THIS GLAM
Pepper
Aw thank you Vern
Dude we've been on the same slide for 20 minutes FUCK physics
Div there's a good chance I get you killed.
Not because of hard feelings
:D
Or you'll lose your legs.
Yeah thal and I are alike in that way.
Trouble.
Yeah. We escalate. I'll do son
Something balls to the wall stupid if it's in character
Fun fun
Thalia we were just talking about you
We get it u gay.
PROTECT ALL THE GAYS
Hey hey hey
atlantis sounds cool. don't vern it
but then again i didn't think i'd vern new haven
we all did.
damnit vern. I just looked at Katzen's charasheet again and she had a really cool power.
moves are so much fun
movers
fuckin
everyoen was like "Why are you like this?"
her soc was awful as well
how do you know it's a saff cape? Dump soc you don't need it
i had a doc full of them
i guess they didnt help meowt
oh no i've angered mega.
i'll assault who i want
hey anti i actually completed a goal
DQ stuff
she is fake
the rats are his only friends
anti no
is nach's secret?
<3
I'll get you a ladder so you can say that to my face
can you reach them?
I'm just kind of bummed that cwn destroyed her old phone. which means no texting pics of her middle fingers to nach
I know. I fucked up. we had such a... okay it wasn't good. It wasn't really a thing.
snapchat was not a thing during cleveland era but just imagine the snaps of cleveland.
):
cwn's snaps would be heavily controlled by PR
so they'd be lame like "Wow it's a great day to not be a villain"
AQ's would have been like "GONNA SNORT SOME SHIT" followed by "SHIT I FUCKED UP"
fauuuustt. Come on i didn't maim sirocco.
I tried to. and he made me kneel.
oh my god
"Training with Feral!" pic of feral missing several limbs
"Chilling with doc freeman" selfie with Freeman in the background holding up a sign that says "HELP ME"
no she didn't threaten him
but she actively committed self harm, expressed suicidal ideation, and tried to maim someone in front of him
all while screaming "NO DOC I'M FINE"
is maiming not scary anymore? Booooo
but i guess you're right she didn't threaten him
"So Miss fidler, your dad is dead. Your mom is catatonic. And you're the second biggest closet case in the department. I'm just going to prescribe you the tried and true combo of valium and vodka."
it'll make you quiet.
cwn snaps a creepy pic of valiant with just the heart eyes emoji.
faust cwn is scared of dogs. ):
how could you be so insensitive.
isn't there a demon you should be making a deal with
mendez is a queen
yeah
Cleveland's team is either gay, edgy, or both. I swear it's like the inside of a hot topic in here.
he's a goddamn ghost man
like. conquistador was the only one that wasn't gay or edgy and he got transferred out.
like. dude even the wards.
"Oh my power runs on BLOOD"
ouch
yeah but fleet is gay
I said gay or edgy or both
Fine. Ripcord is like the only normal one
poor kid gets transferred here and is just like.
What the fuck man
yeah but again thal you're in the gay category
I'll call whoever I want gay
TUZI. You're gay.
thalia said I can't call people gay
but I did
anyway. damn I forgot how entertaining nach is.
hey man shih tzus just want to cuddle
chihuahuas will fuck you up though
who is non clowning now
how old even is nach
crystal meth would have to be friends with AQ
me
if I could i'd piss on it all
however I do not drink enough to produce the piss necessary. And I don't have a dong
which isn't as cool
it's just a puddle
i've been doing it wrong for 22 years i guess
shit dad's home everyone hide the dong talk
please don't show your dong to bow
i love it oh my god
tfw you can't even throw garbage at graffitti. nach isn't having a good day
you're the hoe
yeah!
I would have just clawed it into nonexistence.
I CLAW WHO I WANT
what is with today. Saff you can't claw tuzi. Saff you can't say people are gay. Saff don't kill that man he has a family.
SAFF DOES WHAT SAFF WANTS
non you can't just ask people if they're paying protection money
hehe going back to cleveland snaps. Nach sends out "Head over to south euclid if you want an ass kicking"
but yeah don't rob a pawn shop if you don't want to lose a kidney
nach NO
XD
i'm pleasantly entertained.
oh my god this poor cheesesteak guy
he gives no fuck
rip zoup!
apical or lateral meristem
non i'm pissing i'm laughing so hard.
like this is when you just shit on the floor, flip them off, and walk out.
non please tear BJ a new asshole for me
non has godly dice rolls holy shit.
this is why we don't invite non to parties.
i don't want math at my parties I want to do shots of tequila out of a glass shaped like a dick and then try to take my shirt off.
(Not for slutty reasons I have a tattoo and I usually forget I have it until I'm drunk)
I don't go to parties.
yeah. back to heckling non for in-game actions.
please destroy blackjack
wow that's a lot
that man WAS selling coke with his value meals.
"Who're you, fuckhead?" So eloquent.
come to blackjack's territory in ten minutes if you want an ass kicking
if i had any ounce of artistic talent I would draw these snaps from cleveland.
but I do not
I have no talent.
well. I can make good pasta
we're all dead on the inside.
non if you get brought in and you kill wink cwn will send nach a fruit basket.
like the good kind. with the chocolate covered shit.
FAUST NO
please don't put mega up your ass
join what
I really hope non kicks this guy's shit in
too bad cwn already has knuckle tats
Coon
it's welsh.
She has gloves now
firlz we've gathered you here for an intervention.
anti ur the dumb anime shit.
(don't worry y'all i'll get all the embarrassing anime anti pics this weekend)
blaster fuckin zero.
ouch
is anyone available for powergen maybe....
me for detroit.
what's the command again? $trigger?
player dude I can't gm for shit
rip new haven
$trigger
(do you want me to roll again pink or?)
(just let me know otherwise i'll run and hide so I don't get in trouble.)
$trigger
am i gonna have to roll again
How young do you want, pink?
Then hm. I don't know if I can. I like the trigger well enough it's just the love at first sight that's tripping me up
give me one sec i'm on a call.
i'll take it
I'm taking the trigger
I did.
I can make it work
(sorry if I didn't make that clearer I was helping to train someone. I'm taking this trigger it's cool keep talking i'll go away again)
(Nice job non eat shit? Is that better?)
(have you guys decided yet or do i go back in the shame hole)
yeah nick. Disappointment and coffee.
have what saved for me
what
panda no that's my me.
OH MAN
please give me those logs.
(also do we have a power)
but she's my child.
oh my gpd panda i'm crying
my boss asked me to leave the room i was laughing too hard
that was only the tip of the iceberg.
queen is a treasure.
please continue this journey
Did I ever get a power
queen's entire motivation is drugs and egg mcmuffins like.
I've seen them before?
usually the dump the change in and go type
I'M GONNA STEAL IT
I'm an at risk youth fuck you.
that was like the shittiest mcdonald's robbery too
You're the GM. Want me to roll again, pink?
i don't know but i want to see this.
$trigger
well. There's another one that's not for teens.
this one definitely doesn't work for a teen though
no overnight shifts for kids
$trigger
that's kind of a shitty trigger?
and still not really appropriate for the age range pink is looking for.
Maybe I should just take the thalia route and hope I trigger
I know, thalia.
i'm sorry i'm so difficult ahhh
Come on non you can't die here.
KILL
you are really not aware, non
hm what
are we stripping?
$roll 1d10
did that not.
Did I fuck up
thanks cashy
better late than never
non you're rolling like me now
oh that's a total me trigger. I love it.
gonna head home. Be back in a bit. Ping me if you decide on anything
do i have a power yeeeettt
non jesus fuck you're gonna get your arms ripped off
y'all.... y'all... do i have.... do I have a power?
rip me
(okay can i pls get my detroit power I need to sleep soon)
also non please don't die.
did non just kill
i have an 8am tomorrow please end my suffering
I probably won't end up falling asleep for a while.
insomnia is great
i had been knocking myself out with benadryls but it's not working anymore. *Shrugs*
kill them non
anti you could eat your stakes raw
oh no i accidentally made my whole mouth go numb fuck
i uh. I have this like. Oral numbing gel. It's for when you get canker sores and stuff.
And I drank water too soon after putting it on
and now most of my mouth is numb.
it's not a canker sore though. It's my fuckin gum where my wisdom tooth was.
it gets inflamed every few months.
(I got them out like. four years ago.)
do I have a power yet?
hey proth
ya fuckin shit
I'll be fine. I'm not working tomrorow so i can catch up on my sleep in the afternoon
spelt's hopes and dreams probably, thalia
i'm a murderer
hello
who is me?
you all know what i'm gonna say
in specific channels, cloudy
Okay. Thanks non.
o7
yeppo!
jesus it's protectorate critical
timeskip?
are we finally going to hit 2010?
here comes rat boi
can i roll luck yet
something weird is going on non. i don't know what it is but something don't smell right in cleveland
R I P me
We already discussed that panda.
Some people would party with non.
Some people do not wish to
Dol wants to party with me
$luck
I've moved over to mobile. Anti if you could send those to me over fb that would be cool. I'm gonna snuggle my dog and fiancé and fall asleep. Night nerds
Morn
morn
hello.
fuk u vern
anti do you have the logs from nach after I went to bed?
I can't afford to go to germany vern sorry
thank you both
but non did it faster so thanks non you did
good
okay so not much happened after I checked out
now it's time to do this charasheet for pink
the worst part is picking a cape name I think
i was running around the other day calling myself captain cardigan
I mean glaive is cool, non. Is that taken at all?
its a girl
Fifteen year old girl. I'm thinking about her backstory being that she was a gymnast that got bullied off of her team. Bullied a lot at school. Single mom. Dad not in the picture.
detroit!
It was more a matter of the fact that I disappear a lot. I asked pink if he'd be okay yanking me in through anti if I disappear though.
(It took a lot of convincing)
Hm... I kind of like Guandao? I could make her chinese. I really only settled on a first name and the gymnast thing.
spelt is never done
oh god this is more complicated than I thought
"Oh i'll just look up chinese surnames this will be fine"
it's a chart. I'm so confused.
):<
Hm. Which of those sound best with "Audrey"
that's not a last name lid come on
(I'm making a joke please laugh)
(I've only got a ten do you take change)
and MISHIE oh my god
no I'm uh.
I used to work for this accounting recruiting firm right?
and I had a man on my list of potential contacts
and the poor dude was named Dong Wang.
I had to discuss dong wang with my boss.
i was like 19. My dad got me the job.
and here comes dong wang.
I kind of like Wu? Audrey Wu?
fuckin nerds
yep
yep
rip
u tried
(I'm just kind of glad it's not primary or only tinker. I'm not the biggest fan of tinkers tbh.)
so last night I was sitting there going COME ON NONAGON FUCKIN SAVE ME
yes that is correct
really? i fuckin. I really don't like tinkers. They kind of bore me.
maybe i'm friends with too many engineers
it's just. It's not exciting.
in a similar vein though I don't really like thinkers either.
Brutes, movers, strikers, shakers... that's more my jam
yeah haha.
but is that really a surprise when I run around screaming kill
I like this power a lot though. I'm gonna have some fun
I haven't played a tinker.
DESTROYER OF WORLDS
i really like strangers though
what trigger?
I'm just an edgy bitch i guess
i'm just glad it wasn't another claw striker though
y'all I had gotten three in a row. (though Kamaitachi and Katzenklaue only got one sess each)
did someone get hit with the ugly stick?
how many fuckin face ripping triggers do you have?
ah
brb y'all going to class
Oh
Rip
Gah I like this character. I'm gonna have fun with this.
i still can't fuckin believe you had all that shit planned out mega.
though were you always planning to take me in or did you just want to arrest my ass.
god damn i nevr got to use a wink boost.
I was with you for so long
aw you didn't want me after I took off my top megs?
I know spelt.
and that would have been awesome
Serial killing duo. Would have been cool.
because valiant is a cool dude megs
yeah
if you get valiant killed thalia oh my god
please dear god thalia don't KILL HIM
Like I think that Cwn would lose it even more if valiant dies
and that's how she ends up 3 doors down from sveta.
no one wants to end up with sveta.
and it weighs on his soul every day.
iron will died. not the director
the biggest badass in cleveland
now that shades is gone and kusakabe is incapacitated.
you're ooc.
lol let him punch you spelt.
LOL
i'm pretty sure i faced someone on love live once that had the username kusakabe.
therefore kus has waifus
Umi is probably his favorite.
I PLAY IDOL GAMES
I have three right now. two different love live servers and then idolish7 but i've played 2 others and quit before.
fight me
spelt just don't call him a shit-iot again
poor kus. it probably would have been better if he just died.
this kind of living is just. awful.
same
yeah nach didn't take them both on at the same time
just don't get into fights you can't win.
the nonagon method of success: Don't be a loser
(non sometimes you're my actual favorite)
if you can't win the fight just flash your genitals
the panacea awards
thalia isn't real
no one programmed that one.
dol runs around toppless too?
idk hi dol
how you?
we know if you're making bread.
i want bread
give
i'm so hungry
HELL YEAH
do you kill people too?
BEST FRIENDS
I DIDN'T DO IT
I don't even have editing rights
uh shit dol uh. she really doesn't like being on fire. most people don't.
mega are you on fire
these are such white girl names i'm dying
all these fuckin white girls XD
that's not a typical white girl name though
are they wearing uggs
all these white girls in detroit and i decided to play a chinese girl.
decide what
Oh. Non gave me a name I liked but it's a chinese spear. I thought it would be kind of stupid for a white girl to have that name.
come on aileen
nerf this
it wasn't even my fault this time ):
vern it was you
):
): rip thalia
i've uh. been to the detroit airport?
pink i added a little more to the sheet
no I want me-in
I have a ton, lurks
I also have embarrassing stories
#antistories
hey. Hey. maybe he won't vern it this time.
welc we see you you don't need to point a sign at your genitals.
oh hey panth!!
a warm welcome?
welc i think we'll get along swimmingly.
oh did anyone claim my trigger from last night?
that's. I'd be SO MAD if someone did that
rat boi 1.0?
I can't even like. argue with most of those statements, non. Because I love Nachzehrer. The little shit.
"Oh I can't piss on this graffiti guess i'm gonna BREAK SOMEONE'S FACE"
so much anger in such a small body
oh hey i forgot i ran nonagon during the uh. very short time new haven was a thing
I'm not saying to count it. I just kind of forgot that that was a thing
damn i don't have the dice rolls in these logs. because next time everyone brings up non's dice luck i could just show everyone the time you got mastered fuckin HARD
TUZI YOU.
demonic summoning.
i was a shitty gm because I only cared about my NPCs.
sorry bro let me protect these babies they're my children.
we're all trash, panda.
why do you think we're here?
it's always back to the waifu
trigger everyone
don't vern this don't saff that.
pulling an anti is having three sessions going on at once, plus a meatspace DnD, dinner cooking, and probably a cat
You two are the worst.
now thalia just needs ruin
$power flaw
i don't blame him. I'm about to pass out too.
hehehe
NOT THAT KIND SCRAGS
jesus
oh
well
I guess i'm the real perv here
same
I liked my vanc cape too
.....
i love how my capes are just. Assumed to get naked.
You have one get naked and suddenly
I (Saff) have never even flashed anyone. I've never had a nipslip.
The worst wardrobe malfunction I ever had was a surprise period that I caught within five minutes and went home from school.
wait what
I just made a poster sorry
i was confused by fuckin non and the lava floor
there is now a poster for a local lawyer but with a fuckin ditto on it in my living room
I uh.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/nTN4JbtO/1485453669.JPG
this lawyer is uh. Kind of an alabama meme. So he was asked to be a guest at the con anti and I work at
and my fiance is running a pokemon gym called the imposter gym.
and he's uh. Dressing up as said lawyer
so I made him a poster.
mishie isn't a person mishie is just a conglomeration of snakes and spiders being piloted by a box jelly
RISE MISHIE
cathy
just a prank, bro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FPEwPpSyVE
discount coldhand?
Ah yes see this coldhand I found him in the clearance bin
there's a few dents and he's missing a chunk off the back but it's fine.
I DIDN'T DO IT TUBES
NON DID
i just facilitated the transaction
and you know what? It meant that nachzehrer never came back to kick MY ass
great business deal all around.
the pickle flavored ones are boss.
but ow they burn
Tubes i'm disappointed in you
Run run run
what did you do
did you grow a sunflower in your tum
OH NO YOUR POOR ASSHOLE.
Did. Did you have to get a replacement butthole?
I just. why would you do that to yuorself
excuse me while I vom
hey meg
someone was looking for you
uh
it was tubes yeah.
oh
boo
but no i wasn't the one with the other coldhand.
but mega i'll feed it and take care of it and make sure it poops outside.
;)
oh. shit. Uh. you're right.
yeah I have my new costume.
oh the gay one?
oh
rip
but megaaaaaa
come on let me fight someone I'll be good i'll only maim them a little.
and hey mish anti can't talk he fell asleep in a trash can once.
"You're 22 years old I don't care what the fuck you do with men"
i fell asleep.
\o/
permission to maim!?
wtf
Can I take off their legs though?
Okay i'll aim for the kneecaps then
no one's given me lessons they dropped me off in this place and then said "Well i guess it's freeman's problem now"
oh it's a wild antioch
Dol!
is Lurks pulling an anti?
run six sessions at once. Participate in a RL Dnd. Cook dinner. Pet cat.
isn't it like 6AM over there mish?
mishie no
mishie why
same tho
ANTI put your weeb shit somewhere else
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G44xTr8D_bw
OH GOD NO
no spiders
no spiders
i also quite like prehensile spine. That could be a metal band
no step on snek
):<
hey bow
carefully
ah yes the ol cave meth
what did you say something gay pink?
that's usually what ends up summoning tuzi for me
hey i'm at work not in class fuckin fight me
(we're allowed to have laptops and shit)
it's a decently sweet gig. But it's limited hours and i have to talk on the phone.
How high is scrags now
So I'm assuming like. Seven high.
Why is gigg on a diet?
Forgemaster has been popular lately. Hm.
anti have I mentioned how much I love the fuckin cleveland protectorate?
blame me for what mega?
What did I do now?
AND YOU'RE BLAMING ME
I'd never stoop so low. I'd just claw it
FUCKIN PUT EM UP MISHIE
no promises from me either.
welc nooooo
GOD DAMnit
night tuzi
I should crash soon too ugh.
faust no
u don it
Morning.
Weeb time.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/KSP2LWqX/1485526347.JPG
I mean usually I am in pain from existing but today I am a weeb.
I don't want people to spend money on me either >\\\<
Cheeto. Tornado?
Oh that kind of cheeto tornado
Antioch stole my deelyboppers he is scum.
Uh. I don't know. I'm at the con though I'm just here to defame anti's character.
Hey
Hey
Barely
Busy day today
Y'all I fuckin ruined some weebs.
Hey nick
Anti that's the worst.
Rube coldberg
Anti no
Please make a shitty cat girl cape anti
Everyone likes a shitty cat girl
Like anti I want to beat up some cheese hero.
I'm gonna skeep too. Night.
Hey
I'm backstage.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/8uKahCz5/IMG_4727.JPG
He's sleepy
We had to wake him up
Hey mega
Yeah. I'm about to go on stage anyway.
Bye everyone
thanks thal i needed that
how is everyone
I just got home
it was good.
I'm so tired.
No. Kamicon. It's in Alabama.
thalia i keep reading your shit wrong
FIGHT ME DIVECOCK
I'll slash you i don't give a fuck
rip
I REND
they get a bonus from dat ass.
but thaaaaliaaaa.
I am home.
I'm in bed.
i'm probably gonna sleep.
oh pink you're around.
I'm like. free all this week except tomorrow if you wanted to run me at all. I just def can't do tomorrow.
fiance birthday.
Morning
Hi Meg
How you
Tired.
I worked the con all weekend and now today is fiancé's birthday so I've got baking ahead of me
My cupcakes are the bomb.
I'm making these Oreo ones. They're his favorite. I put like half an Oreo on the bottom.
Oh damn I want some focaccia.
But cupcake.
Oreo on the bottom. Chocolate cupcake. Cookies and cream buttercream frosting.
Like y'all. That shit is top notch.
Yuuuum
Hahaha. Of course.
Y'all I'm gonna nap. Bbl
Hi
What was my luck again
Oh no I don't want to reroll that
Sorry I was at store.
I'm so tired y'all please stab me
Thalia cat puns aren't a claws to hold a grudge
Anti needs to be protected from himself.
Just because he's anti
No!!!
I'm not volunteering
I had to help babysit him yesterday
I had to make him wake up
I will be cat waifu
Don't test me right meow.
With what? Cat waifus or waking up?
Oh no cats don't shit in the middle of the floor. Fuck.
I didn't see anything what
Am I really the only WD cat girl???
Come on guys. Step up the cat girl game.
Do we have any [METAL] [BIRD]s?
Meow
I'm probably going to at least try to start as a hero, Vern
My costume is a baby blue cat girl thing like.
Uh I'll do vigilante work I guess.
Because ava doesn't want to swear on any fuckin religious texts again
Last time she did that she got drugged and carved up
No I'm going rogue.
Hunting people in the streets for justice
not much uh
kind of still dealing with cupcakes
why vern
oh yeah that would be nice vern
thank
meow moew
Hey man I'll hump whatever I want.
okay I will pick thing
hey meg
*hand
yes it is my kill hand but that's not important.
nothing much. I was going to ask a dumb question that would make you go "No saff you can't X"
but I couldn't think of a question
no i'm just super sleepy
i thought pulling a saff involved making misplaced dirty jokes,
apparently Cwn has 4 know
i fucked that up royally I guess
yes she does
I didn't realize that she did
I think i only gave her that for extra skills
but damn I fucked that up
like that bonus should probably go to ath or I shouldn't have taken it off of dex. But it makes sense backstory wise that her dex is jank.
jesus fuck
and yeah that is true anti
She's knowledgeable about the woods and stuff but she's terrified of them now so lol
who's still in the queue before I can find out what happens when the sirens go off?
I'm dying here.
idk piss on it
no don't hurt the puppy
looks like a lot of intestines to me
oh that's a spleen. shit.
well uh. I didn't really think this through. I guess i'll wash off the blood and gore. Lid. uh. Walk it off I guess
):
my claws. My fingers. My ovaries.
and freeman wants my brains.
y'all i want to keep my body parts.
):<
"Be more stable" says thalia, the stablest of us all.
how many squaddies did you kill?
thalia see. you killed a lot of people.
Fight me, princess.
thalia no
thalia i'm just. if we finally meet in cleveland
I'm just
I'm worried.
"Oh yeah I know you cwn I hacked your cameras wow you sure moan valiant's name a LOT."
oh come on. I'll show you how it's done.
$roll 1d100
well i guess we're blowing up anti then
ooh anti's getting the hype up now
i'm finally gonna crash y'all. night.
same
good fuckin morning
kill them spelt
bathe in their bl--Oh hi mega
and dol
yes saff.
hi vern
fucking up is punishable by death
sorry mega...
excuse. fall out boy always wins
):
do i have a collar now?
tags say "Property of Sahara Moonflower Mendez" and then has my rabies information
https://www.etsy.com/shop/BadTags
which one do I have?
(bucky has the one that says "oh fuck I'm lost"
oh.
there's also one that says "I'm the reason we can't have nice things"
but mega isn't it nice to have an office pet?
at least I don't howl every time I hear sirens
fight me mega i'll maim u
):
I'll be good mega
am I gonna get freeman'd hard after i hopefully save the base
which was like most of them
Not yet I haven't opened it yet sorry.
I'm still working on coffee
I'll cut everyone I don't give a fuck
mega do you ever regret letting me into the protectorate?
I only haven't injured anyone because sirocco literally made me kneel
I want to talk to him though
Can I do that?
but. I need to apologize
I'm not.
that's not a coverup that's removing fingers.
I'll be good mega I promise.
yeah
But megaaaaaa. I only attacked him because I was booorrrreeed.
and he probably is nice but like. He doesn't understand that he can't call me prey and dog without me wanting to rip his face off.
but you didn't tell me to do anyone yet
*anything
wow that's a bad freudian slip
"Hey boss who do I fuck today
cwn did a lot wrong
;)
you play with fire you're gonna get burned
oh good mega's gone I guess now's the time to release lesbian porn of cwn
thalia is having none of this
good job thalia
katie no
Hey tuzi
(For the record I'm on the way to class not at class yet)
Ur a Euro
Okay so I'll wipe someone's ass with cogo
You're in trouble right meow.
Gonna do mine after class
Will the real Vern|GM please stand up
Rip
Ur a froot loop
What no red.
Weird.
If they don't taste like corn syrup then whats the point
Still waiting for my kidney
Same
Ouch.
Not that perceptive.
Miss saff my tummy hurts. Do you need to go potty? No!! Sure enough five minutes later this kid is shitting.
No guts no know no brawn
All in on dex and ath
Thanks dol
Gonna grab some food and then do vern's shit
true
Thalia no
ah yes postnasal depression
I added three goals vern
I have a better guts stat than dex so
wait are they?
oh evasion is ath based not dex
though I could switch the +1 to ath instead.
Not a bad plan really
true.
caffeine
be like me and make bad decisions
oh new glasses?
(now you can see what a big NERD you are)
vern do you secretly want to fuck your mum.
HELL YEAH
Oh non session today
anti i decided
I pick queen
anti was thinking about giving me the choice of two legacy capes, div
and I decided to put a stop to it
my first WD cape, Vortex
Her claim to fame was the apparent dismemberment and vacuuming up of a Denver Ward on TV
could control a sphere of vacuum and she mainly used it by uh
putting it on someone's face and sucking out all the air in their lungs until they died.
She had a small squad. A tinker named Bomb Collar, and uh. Changer/brute I think? Called Vices. And then said ward.
They faked her death so she could switch sides.
January 2015
She hated the protectorate because she was a ward growing up. She hated it. Was put on probation for killing a man during a routine patrol. Then when she was supposed to graduate to the protectorate both her and them were like no thanks man.
So she left, bought a ticket from miami to denver and then started her killing spree.
so yeah. fun cape. I loved playing her and she didn't get enough sessions because people just stopped showing up.
but Queen. I wouldn't be able to handle not having the banter between her and shades. The sitting around and cleaning guns and getting yelled at for smoking in the house and just.
i don't think I could handle anti NPCing her.
if shades got offed I think Queen would absolutely lose it.
Like he's the last bit of stability in her fuckin shitstorm dumpster fire of a life.
cape alpha could be fun.
No she won't
I need to add her PHO account info to her charasheet
because she totally has one
I haven't really decided yet.
Tbh her username would be some play on royalty i think
without the mention of the drugs
Or something like xXTroublemakerXx
Something with the Xs I think
http://www.avatarist.com/avatars/Funny/For-the-Children-of-America.html is that a good avatar for queen?
NO I FOUND A BETTER ONE
anti check her chara sheet i've updated it with her pho info
crack!
megaaaa
could I be a... A role model for a ward?
I call all children weird looking dogs
rip
god damn loup garou.
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE WOLF CAPE IN TOWN
if i didn't go straight, non. I would have helped you clown that guy
mega will you let me out to help non kill loup?
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE WOLF CAPE IN TOWN" Pretty sure that he was a wolf cape first.
shh non do you want him dead or not
aw mega come on
hey bel
not the whole circus. I just want to help knock out loup
it could be fun. Nach can call me a dumb cunt. I  could call her a short bitch. I'd end up dead in a dumpster.
oh mega how nice you don't want me dead in a dumpster
dol are you going to bang dags again?
i thought we had something special.
don't beat me up ):
you missed uh. uh. i can't think of a joke
that would be kys you fuckin philistine.
U snek
No step on snek
Prelude
Lololol no I wouldn't do that non. I really like the power you made.
Non triggers
nach and killhand cracks me up
just the amount of bittnerness and salt
last time there was a truce a ton of capes fuckin died
lolololololol
thalia you're not going to find anything.
Cwn only masturbates in the shower
rip
thalia you're like twelve keep my hoo ha out of this
THAT WASN'T MY FAULT
But the No Respect flaw means /other/ people don't respect you, not that you don't respect yourself (at line 494)
):
you flash the tiddy one time
lol audrey is just. so confused. Why not jump this chick is just eating snacks
THALIA NO
thalia you can't.
That's not
Thalia
):<
rip
oh god I'm writing in one tab and then RPing in another.
but I'm using past tense in one and present in the other
and I keep mixing my fucking tenses
shit fuck
cwn
i just finally updated the queen doc
so I'm trying to get back to cwn and i'm just.
Idk I was complaining about it in #writing earlier
because I'm trying to figure out how to handle the stalkery situation
anti gave me some good ideas but it's just a matter of writing them you know?
Eh. I don't really like what i'm writing right now.
but I should probably at least shit some stuff onto the page
that way there's something for anti to fix
$roll 1d6-1
then there's fuckin spelt. Has the opportunity to be sleepelt and he fucks it up
night nick
lame, mishie
i'll fuckin stab u
should i get the megaphone?
oh
I guess i'll try to clean up this confetti then uh
sorry this isn't for you anymore.
Hey I don't make the rules I just enforce them. Or mishie will mail me spiders.
straya
):<
who needs skin, man?
hehehe
wow firlz you're jealous of a young girl trying to jump off a building?
sorry for the disappointment, thal
I don't want to pop my revive this early
and I think non might like. stab me in the ass while I'm shitting if I kill off the character before using the cool power.
rip
firlz no
firlz as captain bad decisions
are we powdering firlz to get him into the catsuit?
$roll 1d6 guts
amphetamine queen is only five
is it, firlz?
):<
i am so sleepy
firlz is the law
everyone dies
shame on you, cog
you are correct, faust
VERN NO
FUK
YOU AINT TAKING ME, CAMEL SPIDER
yes
rip
i j8 u
8
H8
i'm a biology major vern i'm very well versed in prion diseases
the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
rip
gonna get killed by mom
very. very. very. safe
so. fuckin. safe.
not safe enough
Yes. Teenager logic.
just you wait
Good morn
should i eat thal
oh
Uh I can get you detroit and cleveland I think
But i need a help
think we can trade
My detroit character rolled the draconian flaw and I'm not quite sure what belief system to give her. Nothing I think of really fits
GOD DAMNIT ANTI
15 year old former gymnast. Severe depression, stemming from a lot of bullying + racism
yeah. That's what I think as well, Anti.
But I just don't know which way to go to bring her there
the like. last straw for her was getting bullied off the gymnastics team because of boy drama
So maybe something against men?
True. But she is a girl so I don't know if she'd really allow herself to be seen as inferior.
I kind of like the fake bitches one?
That's probably the best for her personality
It could also be a point that makes her turn on Cue Ball?
everyone is a fake bitch
Would that make me only like bitchy people though? Because if anyone nice is fake, then I guess anyone who isn't being nice is "real"
Hm. I actually really like that, Bel.
The lies thing.
Maybe adapting kind of a chivalrous code too?
Yeah. I really like the whole always telling the truth thing. Any presumed lie is a huge transgression. Hm...
Mmm. I really like flaws i'm just. struggling with this one for some reason
Hm. yeah, I like that.
ooh the muttering crazy. i like
gonna hop in the shower brb 1 sec
back
oh she crashed my meeting guess it's time to kill
Thank you, meg. :) I'm really excited to play her.
her trigger is the aftermath of her suicide attempt
the talk down was caught on video and passed around the internet
everyone coddles the shit out of her and she realizes that it would have been easier to jump
it's changer/tinker actually
Changer primary. Skin peels and strips away, creating flesh ribbons that flow around a skeletal, thin and tall doll-like figure which emerges beneath. Gains +1 Ath and if the opponent rolls a 1, 2, or 3, they always miss, and if in melee, one of the ribbons attaches to them and inflicts a vertigo effect.
Secondary Tinker power, creates a spear/naginata/glaive-esque weapon, alternates between a relatively conventional cut/slash/stab mode, and an elementally charged mode which is stronger, but has very limited charges/heavy cooldown, and is enhanced for each 'ribbon' attached to the target.
no. Guandao is the name.
I love katz's power. Movers are a fave of mine
Somebody lies. She literally just starts peeling her skin off
(it's funny because when I'm annoyed i say i'm gonna peel all my skin off)
oh god this could get messy. someone uses sarcasm and suddenly they have a spear sticking out of their chest
FUCKIN FIGHT ME
getting pounded on by a tiny chinese girl. With pigtails.
WHY YOU ALWAYS LYIN
div has pigtail fetish confirmed
and yes they are jack. But she's also a gymnast. In costume she'll either leave her hair loose or put it in a bun or something.
why not, anti?
don't want to be pounded on by a pigtail
I'LL FIGHT YOU ALL
i can do the stab
Oh god please don't mack on me
She would actually kill him
Do not mack on audrey she doesn't even know if she likes boys.
I believe I said she never thought that far. Why bother figuring out your sexuality when you just want to fuckin die?
also she's fifteen so boys are probably still foreign and gross.
dude when I was fifteen I had a purity pledge card
also when I was fifteen I thought I was straight so
right?
lololol non. You're not wrong
I'm not *From* alabama
I just live here
I'm from connecticut.
i run on dunkin, clam chowder, and the chorus of people honking their horns right after the fuckin light turns green
and I'll fuckin sit there and flip them off so no one gets to move
pennsylvania?
the wawa was the dead giveaway
Eh. Everyone I know from PA has a boner for wawa so
though tbh PA isn't real.
Rip
I want ruin at some point
Imagine me with ruin id kill
Fight me on
Non
PUT EM UP
Eh. We didn't really fight each other. You fought coldy and I hid in the basement.
We're kind of buds. I handed you your nemesis on a silver platter.
Eh coldy deserved it
Wait what.
I don't remember this screwup
I didn't dol. but I have threatened to sleep with you
Put em up, princess.
But the No Respect flaw means /other/ people don't respect you, not that you don't respect yourself (at line 494)
I can't kill anyone I'm too smol
I love my drug addict cape
Queen my sweet child
How much of the dust devils' budget was spent on her drugs, anti?
I still like the little bit I added in her narrative about where she got the heroin from. That's one of my favorite scenes I've written
Well spelt we have to kill you and burn your house to keep this plague from spreading
But non it's spelt. It's not bullying
No step on snek Thalia god damnit
Duck u spelt
Coke makes you shoot heroes
Well y'all I just discussed fuckin sonic hedgehog today.
Biology.
Fucking up sonic hedgehog can make fucking cyclopses. Like. How fucking rad
You can't tell me that's not rad
I can't wait till Audrey actually gets her powers. Like bless non I love it. The perfect combo of cool and creepy
You tried thal
You tried so hard
And you got so far
Not yet
My trigger involves not being able to handle life after a suicide attempt.
She just has a cool power and I like character concept + the little things pink is adding. I'm v happy
Vern no
I am the kill list.
It's beginning to look a lot like Wilm-Mas.
Of course he's dramatic he's spelt.
Soc is the dump
Ur triggered
don't kill your dm
I'll kill anti he broke into the house.
also just so you know. while AQ likes to snort coke in the terms of cola she prefers pepsi.
"If I ever get my legs amputated I'm gonna eat em." Anti 2k17
Hey panth
Long time no see
Good. You?
But snacks are so yummy.
Niiiicce
Same though.
What are we taking about?
Oh
What about
I was going to be up earlier but I was holding the puppy and fell back asleep
No she's not. She's a gymnast
But she has cousins.
Hm. I don't know. That was the best fit we could find yesterday. Do you have any suggestions, pink?
I thought friendship was magic
Ur my friend, non.
Didn't you like. Snap your femur?
And lol non who else is going to call me a dumb cunt to my face.
Anti you dumb cunt.
But seriously does anyone have any other suggestions for Audrey?
I mean I can do man hating, pink
But she's a girl.
She'd have to jump off the building
I second the motion
aww non cares
hahaha maybe?
DO I SMELL DRAMA?
starts stabbing people
BECKY CAN DATE WHOEVER SHE WANTS YOU CUUUUUUNNNTTT
could work
"Did you just spread a rumor about stephanie?" "Yeah so?" *Suddenly has a spear in her throat
get wailed on by a tiny girl with pigtails
is that an okay idea, pink?
Fuck dramatic girls?
yeah
the final boss is just her self esteem
well. that doesn't apply to queen. She thinks she's the shit. She just does a loooooooot of drug
lurk come and fuckin fight me
vern said he was going to run me today. But i think he's dead. rip berlin
do i get bonuses from coke
yes
lol i'm sitting here and I'm like can cleveland blow up so I can just have AQ sessions again?
anti and I were discussing old cleveland last night with my roommate and I was just like wow I miss playing queen
like. the beginning of cleveland
when it was me, you, bel, spelt... just the chucklefuks running around
there were others in OG cleveland my brain is just blanking
proth
firlz right
how could I forget firlz we talked about him
fuckin. Screwing up the protectorate raid
anti is either a robot or four cats in a trenchcoat depending on who you ask
but yeah pink what do you think of girl hate?
break your arms
okay. because if not i'm at a loss. ):
well that's time to set it on fire
not the dentist
they're not people
oh good lurks. that's uh.
well it's on fire.
dude i don't know why you want to. I'm a dumpster fire of a person who literally sits around and meows at outdoor cats
do they say "Drugs"?
XD I mean. thank you.
Oh yeah they do say fuck a lot
fuck isn't even my favorite swear
Cunt is. But I don't use it enough.
vern you're alive
I am here and it's ok
I fell asleep after my alarm went off
so i really only woke up an hour and a half ago
i'm still up for a game if you are
so many shrimps
you gonna shrink
yes thank you div
no there's a magic card in the case at the local game shop and I forget what it is but every time I see it I'm like "Me"
lol that's because you don't know me irl. I'm just a ball of anxiety trying to pass as a person
and okay thanks vern
*Shrugs*
some people function more than others. I've been on the low functioning scale lately.
It's okay vern don't worry
Like i'm not mad at all
like i said I literally woke up half an hour before I was supposed to leave for class
Which is the second one? Kill or jail a villain? hell yeah
vern i'll have you know I meowed at a cat this morning
good
a new challenger approaches
no
pennsylvania isn't real
I am aware.
No I wasn't
I've done cleveland and berlin. and now I'm in detroit.
i like you vern so
oh shit i got to balance you out now
can't let you get too full of yourself
vern uh. uh. your shirt is stupid
i'm about to walk across campus i'll be in the office in a sec vern. BRB
I'm on lexapro. Supposed to be on Wellbutrin but I always forget to take it loool
Yeah we should probably get back to WD
So how about them uh. That bone homie.
Cry
Yeah that too
I don't know. I hope anti does something new.
Though non I don't know if I'd feel right if you weren't there to kick my ass and call me mean names
Vern one sec still walking
That's if anti does a next campaign.
Anti could just peace out. Cleve is the magnum opus.
The magnum dong
Cwn is but half her sessions are lost because meatspace.
hey meg
and thanks cog
gonna try not to get turned into kitty litter.
Not much meg. Berlin?
gonna kill vern with cat puns
http://blog.spikepadley.com/post/72332709432/cat-puns
Ace
"Dave? Did I FUCKING ask for sass? I said MAYBE we have some SPARE. TIRES. SOMEWHERE." I knock a table over, nearly pulling my hair out of my skull. "Or maybe you have friends. You have friends, don't you Dave? Maybe a cousin? Someone who has a 'stang you can borrow? Right, DAVE?"
Man I miss like. deranged killhand
oh I forgot about the man I maimed while he was walking his fucking dog
Anti what happened to that guy is he okay?
okay maybe I have two kills under my belt. Shit.
JUST because I have boobles
vern is going to kill me
I cat believe this. Vern isn't threatening my life! It's a claws for alarm
"I’ll put something here when I feel like it. I damn well hope you have context for this session." Anti why
The one where nach kills Coldy I think
fuckin delphi with her garbage ass power
Vern is high as fuck
he says he's about 10 high
 I don't know if that's in meters or what
vern I'm a scientist
I AM NOT A PROSTITUTE
I'm not sucking anyone's cock today
Hi honey i love you
I had to make the joke I'm sorry
Yeah he's better
honey she's german
I don't know what a german meow is
I'm a fuckin american
yeah. He knows. He knows.
He's working for the bad guys
yes I want to stab him in the spine
He doesn't need it
I know exactly what I'm doing.
severing his spinal cord
I don't know?
I ddin't make the power
who did?
was it nonagon?
and lol lid i just severed his spinal cord it's fine.
yeah
I don't see anything wrong with this
he was a degenerate
Am I the only one okay with clinical murder?
guys?
yes
try to get a third charge and then hit and blink and hit and blink
non makes all my cool powers.
Non is one of those people that makes it like. So fuckin difficult to like them but half the time I can't help it. Cool powers. Cool characters. Fuck you non don't be cooler than me.
I hate mechanics.
I'm not
I thought about it though
I literally just don't care about mechanics and balancing it bores me.
They're still cool powers
though. *Stares at bel*
doesn't seem like you care about that either.
!quote 111
guns?
I'm a hero guys
am i doing this right?
I'm trying to take out a crime lord
I'm cleaning up the streets
anti's girlfriend says i'm not a hero after severing that guy's spine though
I'm rolling hot today hell yeah
Can I get these in a cwn session for once?
Non is one of those people that makes it like. So fuckin difficult to like them but half the time I can't help it." Wow. I'm feeling really attacked here.
It's kind of a compliment.
I enjoy you most of the time non
(but of course you show up right when I talk about dice god damnit)
Well there's also that teller
no one can be cooler than me
It's kind of a compliment." Yeah, the backhanded kind.
do you want me to tsundere it up? "It's not like I enjoy your presence or anything, baka!"
Holy shit these rolls
i haven't rolled this hot since I shot jets
Um. I'm gonna go for a normal dodge this time.
that's. that's more like my normal rolls.
damnit
I should have blinked
anti dags is shooting straight whiskey
but I still got hit, and I waste a blink, yes?
This should be my last one, yes?
then I'm out of blink?
Okay. Then I'll blink back farther
good job bel
gonna fuck brigid?
what is my charge looking like, vern|gm
Damnit. Are there mooks around me I can take down or are they just fuckin scared
Shit.
Okay
Oh. change that to slit his throat then I guess
mega i'll protect the base
you need your spine, bel.
do i get hit with a newspaper if I don't?
getting wailed on by a cat girl this is great
the last thing he sees are bobbies
a singular tiddy
oh no is vern finally gonna kill me for the cat puns oh no
oh mish?
i'll get them, mega
I can't reach him he has my paw
i have a bad feeling i'll get shitfucked either way
god damnit i screwed up my puns
!search tribal
i'm so dead
vern i can't believe in you you're not real
nothing is real vern.
god this motherfucker
fight me
rip
bel has been hitting the sauce too hard it seems
I DON'T HAVE THE CHARGE TO BLINK OVER THERE AND BLINK BACK
Boobs are so great though
but like. even if he's married. Boobs.
like come *On* i'm engaged and I still appreciate some bobbies.
Hi i'm saff and I'm hella gay
I mean you're right.
I'm hella bi.
everyone is so hot.
he was upset because I was going to slit someone's throat
and I may have severed a guy's spine
he deserved it though
\o/
I didn't get to kill him though I'm so mad
if I had more charge I could have gotten out of it
killed him and run
but I wasted it blinking away from the raging wolf trying to break my legs
you made my sheet vern
yeah I was
I should have done it
HE TRIED TO BREAK MY LEGS
vern i don't think you understand
He was a leader. Of a bad group. Of course I'll kill
I'm willing to accept that risk
I only kill villains though it's fine.
i can't make that many puns, vern oh god
please don't kill my soc that bad
):<
I didn't think I'd get someone in jail in my first session
Honestly I didn't think I'd fight fenrir.
I thought I'd go through his homies and then run off
I got cocky. I would have had him if Siegfried didn't show up. That bitch
dude i'm so tired right now. I'm fading fast and I still have a lab today
oh god please don't mention those lurk
it's a physics lab. that's excactly the shit
and lol vern i'll do it
as long as SIEGFRIED FUCKS OFF
GOING FOR THE SPINAL CORD
I WILL KILL I WILL CONQUER I AM KATZENKLAUE THE SKY BLUE DESTROYER
meow
fuk u
Siegfried doens't look at all charmed.
hi tuzi
I uh.
nothing.
nothing at all
I didn't do anything. Nothing.
NO
I only tried to show that I wasn't intimidating because tiddy
SHE ESCAPED FROM A CULT SHE DOESN'T REALLY LIKE MEN OF THE CLOTH
I don't admit to anything, vern
literally my mother would catch me red fuckin handed as a kid and I'd look her dead in the eye and say that I didn't do anything
What? you found a whole mess of honey in the cabinet a day after I asked for honey? Nope wasn't me sorry.
oh
oh god I'm gonna have to have a therapy session after the raid
Tuzi how fucked am I?
I'm not eating babies
I'm eliminating crime.
and tuzi i don't want a lobotomy can I just uh. have some valium and a good fuck?
):
I did listen
I didn't hurt sirocco.
I put the handcuffs on
vern
):<
I'll show you all
I'll protect the base
Mendez will be so proud
see. Pancakes.
tuzi you wouldn't do that to me
I don't need jail
): but whyyy
Don't give me the ol yeller!
ANd but. But.
gigawatt killed a man.
To be fair though. I didn't actually hurt sirocco. I only hurt myself.
ow thalia
no
bad thal
mega wants to kill us all
like mega is just sitting at his desk and he's plotting ways to kill me, nick, scraggs, and you thalia.
I'm pretty sure mega has plotted my fucking murder like three times over
I'm sorry mega I respect you.
no you'll just lock me away in the dungeon
):
fuckin white girls
ugh I can't wait for my next cleveland session. I hate cliffhangers
I'll protect you while you shoot?
or are you not in the building
Please don't shoot me
Don't give me the ol yeller
oh. Shit. Yeah. Am I like. The only cape in here?
WHY DID YOU TRUST ME WITH THIS
oh like forgemaster will do anything
Hi i'm forgemaster nothing i do is perfect a blu blu
I'll secure the exits.
FUk u
Rip
I want the laser gun come oon
I mean. You're right
I did get to handle a gun like ten minutes after I ripped up my arms in handcuffs and told the shrink I want to hurt myself.
Which was a bad decision on everyone's part y'all.
Like freeman was two seconds away from getting a call saying Cwn shot herself and who knows if she would have survived that shit.
True Thalia Jesus.
Ends up in the med bay on a complete psych hold while she wails that she can't even fuckin kill herself right.
Freeman is driven to drink
Mendez joins him.
I think I've seen that trigger
But no she didn't do that. She does other self destructive things. Like falling in love with her boss. Or ripping her wrists up
Tuzi if I recall correctly they had already given her clearance and the incident happened too close to the scheduled time so the retract the clearance.
And Van, her power is shadow claws. Cause rend damage.
She has shadows that constantly leak off her skin and she can't turn them off. Can create rends in space
And she has shadow armor
But she's super sensitive to light as wel
Hurr hurr mishie
Scan me?
But yeah right now her big self destructive thing is having a crush on the leader of the protectorate. Because all that's going to do is ruin her spirit.
Hey Mendez sama will you spank me?
Look kids don't crush on your boss
Just don't do it
Yeah I'm captain bad decision
I warn people of this mishie
Everyone knows not to follow my example
That's how you end up shooting protectorate heroes
I want to play queen again. Bless her
Proth no
Just. Prothing at the mouth.
Oh. Sorry Thalia.
But no I'd be down for the like. Cleveland reunion tour.
Lol no. A hotel room in Columbus while shades is busting out the narcan. Again.
Opioids~
God damnit queen don't od in the house
I'm here sorry
I was getting ready
Mega is love mega is life
A Mendez. Oh god
No mega I will not give you a reason to shoot me
No taking me out back for the old yeller?
Aye aye, captain.
I'm itching for this session rip
I'll show you allllll
Rip aus fight
I don't know much about tarot cards
What would queen be
Thanks
Tru
Though apparently her probability of overdose is very low according to anti
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie
What's Mendez's zodiac sign?
I don't know. *shrugs*
Maybe a Scorpio.
Fierce. Sexy. A little scary.
Yeah shit.
You left me and forgemaster.
Shoot things mega. Do it.
And yeah but I almost killed them
I will protect this base.
I will bork.
I'm gonna rend him.
Just the legs.
They don't need to run.
I'm not gonna kill him I'm just gonna make it so he never walks again. Like tremor.
:3
I'm not gonna go for both. Just the legs. I don't want him running.
That's not my problem
Mega-chan
I picked up a new phone game now my battery is like turboded lololol
I'm sitting in the hall and charging before class lol
Yay!!
Oh you having a sess bel?
Are you going to hit on dol? Again?
Lololol dol
Was dags not a good lay?
Is someone talking smack bout my trigger
But I am the squeaky you
Toy
fight fight fight
everyone gets to go on cool patrols and I'm stuck inside
"Oh cwn maybe you shouldn't have tried to maim sirocco!" they say. "Oh Cwn don't stab that squaddie"
sorry i was on a call
yeah I'll kill anything that moves
I'LL FUCK YOU UP FIRLZ
hi tuz
(so if y'all are playing Fire Emblem heroes fuckin friend me my code is 7388781810)
it's a mobile game
with a really cool gachapon system
yes
Yumgar scouted like. Fuckin boobie squad this morning. So mad.
I want boobie squad
i just have a squad of cute girls and then one husbando.
firlz how familiar are you with recent fire emblem characters?
Because Yumgar summoned Tharja and Camilla. That's what I mean by boobie squad.
There's a lot of tiddy
Like. Combat. Ready. Tiddy.
(and I'll stop now feel free to pm me about fremblem)
High robin?
blaze it
vern you're just a grumpy german
too many fuckin tinkers in cleveland
Rip
who are you fighting scrags
don't fucking die
WE SHARED ONION RINGS
scrags wtf happened to you
just kill this dude like. I'll back you up
Mendez look sometimes bitches needa die
oh that's right. I have the squad
Shit
mega why this
):
wait anti were you blaming me or SCG
I'M PROTECTING THE BASE
it's me and the fuckin tortured artist
XD god damnit tubes you fuckboi
y'all don't let anti play cards
Help me
No dear god I've done that.
this. This is worse.
I just walked in on a game of magic and anti is dancing and laughing maniacally.
I don't think he believes in the heart of the cards
I keep hearing "Cruel ultimatum"
I don't play this game
I'm scared
I just wanted to say hi to my fiance.
Now i'm here.
Trapped in this card hell.
Anti is singing and dancing why this
I DON"T PLAY THIS GAME
I DON'T KNOW
I'm not a degenerate
FUCKIN FIGHT ME LURKS
):<
i killed dol
):
it's okay i'll kill you too tuzi it's okay
I took out dol
shhh it'll all be over soon
i'll get you before you get me, tuzi
wait is tuzi in like
how do timezones
I
right thalia i
i'm so upset
SHE WAS CWN'S ONLY KIND OF FRIEND
and she only got buttfucked because mendez left the squaddies with my stupid ass
not that kind of buttfucking
Oh I'm sorry I forgot we all want to put a dick in scg's tender asshole.
thalia my tender asshole is off limits
YOU ASSHOLE
I DON'T DO THAT
wow look at that time uh. Bone homie.
WOW I LOVE THAT WEAVER DICE
yeah like. Idk y'all change the skills so much I get whiplash when I build a character once every six months.
shh i love withstand
the only thing that kept coldhand alive as long as he was
Right, thalia?
Like between the two of us thalia. It's just chaos.
thalia and I are the bullshit dream team it's fine.
And hm. I guess you're kind of right anti
yeah. it's hard to powergame because so much of it isn't up to you
you can't go in saying "I want to play a Shaker/breaker" or whatever. Sometimes you get a nachzehrer and other times you get a fuckin guy who can turn one foot purple.
iri i don't know what you're talking about dump soc dump soc
DUMP SOC
FUCK IT YOU DON'T NEED IT
nick no
I dumped dex and Soc for cwn and I'm like. Getting fucked by the dex one
cock don't knock it
her claws are kind of shakery in a way so i didn't need it
the fucking comes when I need to shoot.
i don't know how y'all keep dying like. I'm captain bad decision and I've never lost a cape
yes actually cock.
That's how cwn lost a kidney
I wrobbed one gun store on my own
the gun store was when coldy was comatose
Flaws are SO MUCH FUN
like. Queen wouldn't have been queen without the addiction flaw. Cwn wouldn' tbe cwn without her smoke
Jygg it's monstrum
Minor mutation to skin
flaws are just more interesting
who cares if you're a fuckin genius tinker if you can't stop shooting up dope like
i'm probably just a huge edgelord
down thal
watch dags finally triggers
becomes final boss of cleveland
good morn
how you, dol?
very carefully?
same lol
Mega wait did you
did you not see what happened with
oh god
uh I thinK imight have them mega?
Give me sec
irc cloud isn't working right for me this morning meg. I don't have them
wow firlz did it for once.
You done it
yeah scrags has been in cleveland
Firlz you are uh.
A person.
oh i'm sorry firlz you are the greatest android to ever exist
mega we're fucked.
oh hey anti
if you're around I have nothing to do today? I'd like to get that thing out of the way so I can stop staring at google docs and screaming
it's veeeeerrrrnn
mega i'm so sad
poor gig
):<
mega can I be let out of the house to save gigawatt
Mooooom let  me out i'll fight them
but mega we need to save her
like. with all the shit going on in cleveland right now i'm pretty sure there's a coffee maker going in every room of the PRT HQ
forgemaster cries because instead he makes a statue
and it's still shite
thank you thalia.
I uh.
look you can't take both kidneys
because that kills the man
fuckin trauma center
it's zombie cancer!!!
why am i high five
......
................
i mean yes
I played part of the first game
but it was on emulator so uh
didn't work very wekk
well
O.O
oh is that what. Is that what my roomate was talking abou tthe other day?
what's florida man up to today
Florida man who faked death, mad cow disease, blackmailing by 'rogue CIA agent,' headed to prison
pfft bow
ouch. Clowning on firlz
WHY THIS
why do I feel like this is going to end with faust clowning
clowning me
i can type
i swear
fuck
no step on snek
brigid is a gem
She's gonna fuck you and make you payher
no vern that's WD with saff
are you new, Wick?
Don't listen to anything I say ever
vern that's not true. Queen only killed on accident.
No dying for me
anti most chefs are ex felons
dags is a beautiful soul
oh hey it's me. Ruin.
And god damn anti can make a steak
like if you have the chance
and anti is like. obligated to cook for you
either pick anything in the asian dish family (His tempura and udon soup are banging btw.) or fuckin steak
if you want me to cook for you, you want a big fuckin lasagna.
we do, dol.
Did someone say eeeb
Weeb
is thalia still around?
Thalia should I make my cape gay
$roll 1d2 heads1 tails2
tails never fails
So that's a solid gay. Thanks cashy
I'll make you proud thal
This cape has the "Thing for bad boys/girls"
ouch tubes.
heh. Tubes is talking about spaying. Getting your TUBES tied.
listen kids there's a reason we don't drink $3 wine
I am safranin fuckin flare and I make bad decisions.
thalia no
I feel like thalia and I are in this constant battle of who is the biggest sociopath.
But while I'm like whoa thalia slow down. Thalia is like SAFF GET THE BIGGER GUN DO IT YOU PUSSY
THALIA THAT KILLS PEOPLE
good morn
how everyone?
Oh you didn't let me scare them first?
Puff. I like it.
better than anti calling me sniff anyway
Okay druz. So anti and I work at the same place
We do surveys for the government
This one was a tobacco study for the CDC
and the question is "Have you ever tried snuff or dip, even one time in your entire life?"
and instead of saying snuff I said sniff
And anti just goes "Sniff" and that makes me fucking lose it. So I'm doing the rest of this survey trying not to laugh my ass off
Welcome to life with anti sometimes he just shows up in your house sometimes he almost makes you lose a call.
uh. druz do you hang out in the salty spitoon?
nope
i'm here but I'm shite at mechanics so don't look at me
though hey some people need the shit powers. Not everyone can be an alexandria or a legend. Some people have to be the loser
what are we doing to babies
Can I slam dunk them
Not in my uterus, motherfucker
write this down for all time. Saff hates babies.
write this down for all time. Saff hates babies.
Mmm. I might be up for some stuff pink
I'm free until 4:30 So
thanks anti yes central.
pigtails of power
Not in my uterus, motherfucker
everyone has pigtails now
):
what about french braids? I love me some braiding.
the other night i walked into my living room and two of my friends were braiding each other's hair.
I could have joined the french braid conga line.
Give me back that homo, scrags.
I wanted that homo
i love how audrey is just the pigtails of detroit now. XD
Oh nooo.
audrey no
THALIA
she's fifteen I don't think she's gonna get plowed from behind with serious hairpulling any time soon
i feel dirty just saying that oh god
):<
oh god. Please no mackin on audrey. Especially not if you bring up the pigtails.
):<
I don't have a thing for pigtails.
$roll 1d6-1 Soc
$roll 1d6-1 soc 4 dump
wait you're from boston?
bout an hour out of NYC? Norwalk is where I'm from. I live in Alabama now though
My sister is at Endicott for school, dunno what town that is but it's massachusetts
$roll 1d6-1 soc
$roll 1d6 wits
Detroit the city of losers
No she doesn't want to stab it into her skin
She wants to figure out how it works
And then all her skin comes off
Hey guys please don't notice that all my skin is coming off
Nick don't torture the newbies.
Also don't listen to my advice
Ever
Meat space is okay I guess
I mean you're right mega. She's not screaming near enough for someone whose skin is coming off
Yes I know my family doesn't have very much money and I need this computer for school but I have a compulsive need to take it apart.
What now Thalia
Hey man all my skin is coming off
She's not doing it on purpose
Mishie pls
Mish turn it up
Sass
You dorks
I thought that said parahumans.gay oops
Gayyy
Sorry. Protectorate.gay
Can legend be my gay dad
Captain brisket
Breaking my laptop this is a great decision good job Audrey
This chicken is RAW
I just wanted to play with the pieces.
Look mom I made a spear.
Mom has a heart attack
Audrey jumps off the building
Yeah you don't fuck with that stuff.
Actually I have a high fear of toxins
There was a point in my life where I had like. Panic attacks every night because there was a bottle of windex in the house. I didn't have a great childhood lol
But like. I mean if you're fifteen and your skin starts coming off like.
Google is your friend.
But yeah pink. Great as always. Thanks :)
Anti isn't a man he's four cats in a trench coat
No I'm a black
Sentient black hole
Fuck you mishie you can't tell me what to do
Thalia is the best ai
Bees?
Y'all Thalia is my fave.
Thalia stop peeing on the carpet.
MISHIE I WILL PISS ON EVERYYHING YOU LOVE
I want this dog
I have been reduced to pigtails rip me
Anti if our Detroit characters every meet.
And I harm you physically.
Can I say
That you macked
On the wrong bitch
And you're right iri. Which is why my cat girl is a busty blonde bimbo.
I love rainbow idol that fuckin nerd
ur a nerd
I have a problem I love NPCs too much
like I probably annoyed the shit out of anti with the first round of Cleveland because I was just asking a bagillion questions about the dust devils because I loved them so much
\o/
I need to ask more invasive questions about the cleveland protectorate then
DON'T CALL ME HOUND
Oh I Uh. Okay I'll think of some for tomorrow anti
i mean for the next one I will do the same thing.
I love NPCs too much
ur a timeskip
firlz you absolute fuckin donut
firlz shows up like. To ask for a session. he has his session.and then he dissappears into the void
And is like "who's that?" "What's going on?" and we're all like shhh firlz we're trying to watch the shitshow
cleveland ends with Khandas standing in the middle of the rubble going "where is everyone?"
no khandas was early to the party that's the problem
"Huh I'll go fuck up the dust devils even though the protectorate said no"
feel free to bounce stuff off of me, anti
And no i'm not going to because I'm a vain bitch but I also won't argue because I'm a sensible bitch
I don't know. i'm really excited about anti's next project
but I'm also excited about cleveland
because I have the whole protect the base thing coming up
and then there's the hey maybe we can just like. go rescue gigawatt it's fine mendez doesn't need to know
hey kids today we're gonna foam some shit
I just like the idea of a bunch of squaddies fucking around foaming each other
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIMMONS. *Foams*
morn
mourn? Shit non are you planning on killing me already?
i have a test on wednesday please do it before then thank you. Just show up in my house and stab me
you fuckface.
morning van
hey verno what's up
yum pulled me a 5 star focus marth last night
and then the motherfucker pulled himself 5focus lucina
COME ON AND SLAMMING AND WELCOME TO THE JAMMING
yeah but yum anti isn't a person
he's four cats in a trench coat
oh shit is mega gonna get briefed on gig getting fucked?
yeah
hey yumgar is still here
We were together before the chatroom. Anti introduced us actually.
I met anti on tumblr because he read my fic on AO3 and realized we went to the same school. Became IRL friends with anti. Met yum. Anti ate a bad hamburger and pushed us together. Started dating like a week or two later.
yeah
that's the short version
the long version was anti was my ride to a local con, and then he got sick and I have crazy driving anxiety. So Yum offered to drive us both home. And I said yes because I thought he was cute and wanted to talk to him
then Anti ran a Fate campaign and assigned yum to be my master.
Which he says was mostly on purpose.
I also recommend cleveland, because I'm in it as well
Read the cleveland logs, slam
Do it
Auntie saff says do it
I know I said never listen to me but like. Listen to me on this. Read cleveland logs
It's run by one of my very best friends. I'm in it. I'm AWESOME. And anti's okay I guess.
xoxo
whenever really. I can't do wednesday though
You've got heroes, villains, drug lords, mysterious chinese gangs.
and that's not true, vern
Queen was definitely not hyper kill. She got scared and ended up doing something dumb
RAT BOI
Wait anti. Was cwn camping in the park where the aus fight happened
Okay
Okay. After. Because I was like uhhh
Gwynn don't be a moron
don't encourage thalia to kill what's wrong with you
THALIA
Why
Thaliaa
don't kill me thal
I thought we were friends
is there a cape whose power is just finger guns
Anti make an npc that's just finger guns
ANTI NO
that's not finger guns though
I want actual bullets.
thanks thalia
how about a cape called war on drugs?
yes vern. AQ's archenemy.
Big sister is more moe i guess
lol just try spelt.
kit kats? I wasn't the one that had kit kats I had hershey's selects
The krackel was aids vern
FIGHT ME SPELT
I will chase you with my rolling pin and call you mean names.
I AM THE ITALIAN GRANDMA OF THIS KITCHEN FUCKING FIGHT ME
spelt the other night I solved a sauce incident like my grandmother does.
with copious amounts of wine.
I'm getting there.
thanks dol you are too
i will win
I do what I want
!search babies
!quote 503
write this down for all time. Saff hates babies.
I did that too vern
I was.
I needed the charge...
he was a sacrifice.
shhhhh
Cleveland had one
Vic was awesome.
but he burned too bright. He fucked the sun
coldhand was one away from 2nd triggering
$life flaw
oh
I mean that kind of fits?
Like I guess it fits the suicidal angle but.
Gonna get stalked gonna get stalked
We're going back boys.
dont' want anyone to get too attached
I thought conquistador was transferred out?
conquistador you motherfucker
fuck u
yep.
it's a different way to bounce back ideas I guess.
Just don't break out the claws in the bedroom and you're good
oh my god conquistador is such a cock. I love him
"I HEARD YOU WERE TALKING SHIT"
fUk u
fight me vern
it was. Shit is it power?
I guess I'll fix that then. Pink.
$power flaw
How do you feel about that pink?
though pink might just be at the point of picking a flaw for me lol
Quist is just. I love him. this asshole.
did he just tell you to suck his cock?
Oh shit
being a dick
oh
i didn't know that bit
anti i love conquistador
why did he get transferred out i want to piss him off
Conquistador is now under my protection I love this little douchewaffle
thaliaaaa
NO
Tuzi oh my god
did he just call you a fucko
$roll 1d2 pos|neg
Actually back when I took chemistry I used the "Cations are positive because cats are positive." thing to remember it.
I was still shite at chemistry though
Decent at orgo until i started skipping classes.
depression is a hell of a drug kids
and yes dogs are better but there's no dogion
Says science
yeah nick how about it
I don't know who exactly is fucking conquistador
but I have a feeling he's one of those guys who like. Doesn't know what the clitoris is and humps for two seconds before spurting and being like "Wow that was great"
And the girl is like "But I didn't..." and he just gets up and like flips her off and leaves
Am I on the right track, anti?
Oh right I forgot that quist kicked our asses during that car chase
Thanks bel
I'll try not to buttchug a kid
!search uterus
Not in my uterus, motherfucker (at line 504)
I know how to do that!
oh
at least I wasn't openly defiant, tuzi
I talked to you
if i leave the protectorate i go to jail.
And you can circulate the photos all you want. I'm still not signing them
and tuzi come on we uh. Talked. I think. I may have bled on the floor while screaming about wanting to die. It's fine.
I didn't call you a fucko though
am I going to have to have a therapy session after I attempt to save the base?
well if I survive that is
loool pink. Do you want to just pick a flaw for me?
WHY ARE YOU MAKING ME LIKE KELLY
$roll 1d6
sit
Shit
ANTI
also cwn only masturbates in the shower, you degenerates.
Firlz conquistador doesn't like working with people what makes you think he'd want to work with five of the same people?
I'll rend her if I want to it's fine
just go with "The massive dong"
conquistador no
yeah
i don't want to be touched by pestilence.
IT WAS KRACKEL FOR ME
AIDS KRACKEL
but i took the Mr. Fuckin Goodbar.
ah i love good omens.
Yeah. Yum was reading my copy but then I think christmas came and he got distracted. I'll have to bug him about it again
One of my favorite books, tbh.
(You'd laugh if I admitted what my favorite book actually is)
It is not, faust. I haven't read that.
I don't know if I want to say what it is. XD
To be fair. I haven't read regularly since I was a teenager.
If that narrows anything at all
Hell no
I read them all. but I realized pretty quickly that they were shite.
Think a little more... teenage pretentious.
no
we're more in the neighborhood of "It's a metaphor" than that.
It's not the fault in our stars. But it's close.
I did read that one twice through after I got it though
What do you think it is, Faust.
yes
What do you think it is? I'll show mine if you show me yours
who needs words
oh god we don't need two of you
DO NOT CALL ME HOUND I WILL PISS ON EVERYTHING YOU LOVE
I'll just fuckin pee frisbee sirocco's room
TUZI SHUT UP
THIS WASN"T SUPPOSED TO BE GAY
you would know.
spelt's in the corner playing the porno music y'all help me
BLUSHY SHUT UP
very good tuzi.
Like I expected you to be the one to pick it up
but it's still nice to see that someone noticed
Gwyn is extremely borderline. She's not having a fun time.
You can't just make it happen when it's convenient. It's kind of just always got to be there
):<
Thank you, anti. Had a good time. And I can at least work out some of my writing kinks now. It's starting to make a little more sense how all of this is going to shape up.
and idk. I wasn't initially planning on having Cwn be borderline. But as I was writing her I realized that she was checking a lot of the boxes. Impulsivity. The me vs everyone else mentality. Self destructive behavior, falling for people quickly and superficially. I just decided to go with it. Because it explained a lot for her.
lol i am a depressed character
SHIT THAT'S WHAT I FORGOT TO DO TODAY
Fuck
anti no
ur a clown
Mishie you ARE the mother
Can I lead a cult?
Thalia with snek
morning
i was going to make a "Morning you degenerates" but then you said hi to me and I like you dol
you're a fuckin degenerate, Foss.
Go sit in the trash can where you belong
no i didn't what hapepedn
I ahve them meg
http://pastebin.com/xsjzL9Bh
MEOW
oh I don't have freeman's i'm sorry meg
I only copied mine to get it into the narrative before I fell asleep
conquistador is my favorite now this bitch ass
That's what I was kind of trying to do with pink the other night.
"DOES THIS GIVE ME THE TINKER BUZZ? NO? SHIT."
yes mega. Please consider making the Gay Team.
please what?
I'm
oh my god XD
did... did I?
ah. Yeah. I am kind of a pain in the ass asking questions about everything about characters and NPCs that probably doesn't matter.
Oh. Cool. I just. I get self conscious about it sometimes because I don't like bothering people I guess.
hush u
my waifus are best.
i need the pen.
Maybe i'll just break into her office and steal it
that's what sucks about being a poor and shitty tinker. You have to decide if you want to have a laptop or if you want a fuckin spear
oh god
She's worried that she'll get pulled into a goddamn cult again
her trigger was uh. Being tortured by the cult for questioning their beliefs
oh my god
i love ginger beer
thank
I think anti tried to make a major wound once?
which was a step between
vern's big fuckin german cock
the fuckin harmacist.
oh. fuck.
this is why we don't use open wifi?
yeaaah
too busy
oh god i forgot the cat puns
):
sorry vern
I got distracted by all these fuckin proteins
i know i'm sorry
I'm going to get so dead aren't I?
This can't be happening right meow
):<
are you fuckin. Cashy why
I AM GOING TO DIE IN THIS MAN'S HOME
i'm trying not to dol
oh god i'm playing like. Classical music while I'm studying and it just got REALLY dramatic while I'm making these rolls maybe I need to change
well uh fuck
Well i guess I'll be the one to help you out, cogo. If you need any more diversions of attention I'll just jump off the building again
I'm uh. I'm trying to stop a dangerous criminal.
I'M NOT GOING TO HEAR HIM OUT I"M GOING TO TAKE HIM OUT I NEED TO GET RID OF MY EX HUSBAND
oop
oh nice
I DIDN'T WANT TO KILL HIM HE WOULDN'T STAY DOWN
he wasn't taking my drain
so more wounds = more chances for him to not.
he can get his stomach fixed
that's not my problem I.
I fucked up okay
What have we learned today? Don't listen to the guy that hacks into your email
!search torso
!quote 347
oh i thought you were telling me to go to the trash bin
:D
and now anti needs ot bust in
I just keep becoming someone's bitch
noo
Mega can i break gig out?
you have a plan?
no I
I'm not cat food
And I'LL DO IT TUZI JUST LET ME
ugh I really don't like this. Mendez save her
same
down thal
hello
I'll yell at him one sec
he's logging in now
god vern are you gonna try to steal my fiance
I'm. I'm gonna try to fix this.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO BECOME A CONTRACT ASSASSIN
also vern i'm planning on drawing her soon
and oh thanks dol
I was looking for my ex husband and ended up talking to a dude I met on the internet
and he was like sure i'll find him just go maim this dude he's a villain.
and I maimed him. he wasn't a villain.
and now the dude is like hey if you don't want the heroes to know where you live you're gonna work for me
can i go to siegfried's church in civvies and confess my sins?
god damnit I don't know anything about protestants
I was raised catholic
I know the whole forgive me father for i have sinned
you need the big buff jesus to get rid of ghosts and destroy your sex life though, vern
and oh thank you wick.
Queen is my favorite character.
though I have one that's coming up that I'm like. absolutely in love with already
Not pink's, though I love audrey to bits too.
but that blows my whole plan
fuckin protestants not doing confession
BUT THEN EINSICHT WILL SKIN ME
yeah uh
hey man look remember that time I stabbed you?
wrong cape, Bel.
ur the false idol
Yeah look it was a big misundersanding
and I mean to be fair you tried to burn me alive so we cool?
honestly it was a big misunderstanding
I THOUGHT HE WAS A VILLAIN
Ava likes to think she's above suggestion but
vern you've known me for like. Two years now.
if the options are stab someone in the spine and not stab someone in the spine
I'm gonna stab someone in the spine.
I'm a girl we're like masters at backstabbing, right?
(I'm not backstabby either I swear)
I was the one always getting backstabbed
antioch? Liking tinkers?
What?
I never would have guessed
spelt had you been smart you would have taken one eye out at a time
spelt there's no excuse. One eye. Put the new one in. Other eye. Done.
I've gotten over excited too but that doesn't mean I take both eyes out at once? XD
it's obvious you weren't a thinker.
):
Do we need the blender really, pink?
come on babe just fuckin trigger or i'll make you
THE WEAVER DICE H I V E M I N D
Please don't kill me
I'm on a walk Vern
same
Same
Mendez just has like. a really stressful full time babysitting job
who needs subtlety? Why not just have a power that shits on the floor and flips off your mom?
Die spelt. Die.
U die
did spelt die
oh god. the balloon mushroom cloud
i'm not picky.
just fuckin rocket me into the sun it's fine.
you motherfuckers
zoup may you rest in peace
mega i can't believe your disdain for Zoup!
we had bread bowls
I could have hooked you up
with bread bowls
to put your zoup in
you could drink coffee out of your bread bowl if you know. hated yourself.
someone has to be supplying my capes.
equivalent exchange.
Eh. He doesn
doesn't cook enough for him to hit waifu status
I love cooking. But this semester has been so busy I don't have time for it. I've been living off of lara bars and monster.
it's like. not really a protein bar but it's in that vein? It's like made of dates and nuts and stuff but they come in different flavors
coconut chocolate chip is my favorite
yum is running off with scraggy i guess.
Oh we're calling vern daddy now? Gross.
Hi llurr i'm saff i'm not a good influence.
vern mega doesn't own every dutch person
oh so i'm daddy now? Weird.
(sorry yum i still love you I'll stop maybe never.)
oh you're uh. you're planning to collect the set?
anti's the kind of babysitter that's like "hey kids do you want to know what happens when you light a tennis ball on fire and then throw it at someone's face?"
wait meg... are you planning to turn  me dutch since you own my ass?
good because you'll pry my olive oil from my cold, dead, italian-american fuckin hands
oh
anti it's a good thing I'm not having kids because I'd be worried you'd teach them the joys of fire tennis and/or corn syrup.
VERN
mega when is gwyn gonna get the "Property of mendez" ass tattoo?
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/HwEv0vd1/1486654584.JPG
There Vern.
:)
thanks div. yum bought it with a magic card.
and almost sold me on ebay
yumgar tell the story
or he's doing things I might have to do it myself
but we got a box of Kaladesh magic cards. and I pulled one of the masterpiece cards which are $$$
and  so we took a pic of me holding it and sent it to our friends
and in the process of selling it on ebay he didn't think to take a new pic
so he used the one of me holding it
and he got a message asking how much it was for the girl.
I mean i guess it's a confidence booster? I'm still hot enough to be sold on ebay.
i don't remember i don't play magic
I just open the fuckin cards
who's your favorite sociopath, Mega?
uh maybe meg? I don't know. Just. Sociopaths
I mean you run a department of them
is anyone in dpt 48 well adjusted? Fleet maybe?
Bless that little gay cinnamon roll
I wouldn't say valiant is well adjusted. He works himself to death
and ripcord is like. scared of everyo--Feral is pretty far from okay
:)
rip (cord)
don't put thalia in charge of the wards she might pimp them out for cash
he doesn't want to that's the point mega
where's tuzi when you need him? Gotta fix this kid
before the youth guard fucks you in the ass
oh yeah i guess you're right
unless you're like queen and need a running start
she needs her legs
thank you
dunk me into the sun
oh thalia is on
anti finally cracked open the hello kitty soy sauce
i still am hoarding mine
the bottle is so cute. I mean i'll probably clean it and refill it once it's empty but i'm scared someone will accidentally throw it out and I'll have to kill them
You're correct, Non.
I live in the trashcan
I'm like the kawaii oscar the grouch
(also non like. It's a shame nach and cwn won't live to see the advent of the Taco bell naked chicken chalupa.
I'm like the kawaii oscar the grouch" https://images.bigcartel.com/product_images/184743057/KawaiiJP.png?auto=format&fit=max&h=1200&w=1200
ouch. That. that's harsh, non.
I don't want to get up thalia. But it is cu--pink what kind of hospital makes food like that
they're so tiny
and thalia it's in the other rooooooommmm
but yes pink i almost made yum buy me a set of these tiny baby tabasco bottles
I have legs but i also have a puppy on my back
he's warm
oh.
oh shit
and you got a bunch of baby ketchups
i need the baby tabascos though. tabasco is my fave.
tru.
I'd probably pop one on like. half an egg.
yes thank you thalia
like i'm not a hot sauce fiend for spice or whatever. I just really enjoy the flavor of tabasco. Especially with eggs or rice. Mmmm.
oooh. Nice.
ooooh.
i like scaring people though
it asserts dominance.
oh. darn
i will pee on it
BORK BORK BORK
neber
noooo
I'll bork
https://68.media.tumblr.com/723280d063bb036cb803313fc04573ba/tumblr_inline_oirx0uuAn61rqnbwu_540.jpg
my pupper is sitting on the yumgar.
he is so soft
both
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/RWHpQRbW/1486664123.JPG
he needs a haircut bad. I just keep forgetting to make the appointment
Please don't stab your sister
Scraggs I already made that joke.
You should. Should.
Gwyn is gonna get her gay on today. I'm so ready for this
What druz you don't like them lesbians.
LESBIANS.
well. One is pansexual. Who knows what Kelly is. The bitch is probably straight.
It's like. The more inclusive term for bisexual or whatever. Idk I'm bi I can't fully comment
Yeah uh. Idk man it's like bisexuality but different.
Oh. Is that why I love kitchenware so much?
Yumgar is actually just a cast iron skillet
I'm sorry for deceiving you all
Season it with your fajita
I'll stop I'm sorry
anti is this what you were laughing about? That non replaced me with the cold hand of death?
heh. Coldhand.
nonagon you're not wrong
the best thing is like. Coldhand might not have died if a competent player had him.
but instead coldhand got snowbird.
Snowbird. an irl friend of mine, anti's, and yum's.
friend is uh. maybe a strong word.
I told him once while I was drunk that I don't know why i hang out with him but I guess we like him.
and honestly that fits pretty well
he dumps on me to it's a mutual dumpage
he hasn't since coldhand died
his one other cape when yum ran a thing died in a similarly dumb fashion
bless him. Five dildos no smarts.
beholder lost an eye thalia
think before you speak
yes the gay agenda
oh i'm sorry I'll turn down the lewdness of my smoke-filled vagina
FUCK
bow why do you have to pop on right when I say something stupid
Thinker ability to always appear when saff says dumb thing
it's like yum's fabled "there is always a bus" power
your power is you show up at the bus stop and there is always a bus
i'm not gay you're gay
i'm sorry i'm an embarrassment, bow
i'd say that i'd try and do better but that's a lie and we both know it
):
well kelly is in fact Not. Gay™
God damnit kelly
rip.
I'M SORRY SHE'S NOT GAY
oh yes vern I'll use my magical smoky vagina to woo her towards the female gender.
(also flipping shit like that back on the other person is a pretty borderline thing to do.)
let's write this down folks. Tuzi can handle two dudes at the same time.
;)
and hey. Hey. She just had her heart broken. And the desk was an accident.
"Take 3 ccs of that dank herb" ~CG probably
i'd be worried about non as a therapist. "Have you tried you know? Not being a fucking loser?"
I mean freeman kind of gave her that one
XD
i mean only a little shit
do the fish have six eyes?
what did I do now
oh good
i'm not in trouble this time?
thank you div.
I hope to reach out and touch everyone's hearts.
thalia's heart is small and made of metal because thalia is a robot.
i'm kind of sad that gwyn broke her old phone. No more texts from Nach calling me a dumb cunt.
that's my alarm clock
"HEY DUMB CUNT"
consider the coconut
freeman is in high demand.
I have to wait for bow to go before I can.
i just want to know what happens
can have a session in cleveland, firlz
and mishie you're like. three months late for my birthday.
yeah but firlz i'm doing interesting stuff.
I uh. Probably around now yeah thalia.
wait what
No. I was supposed to be born nov 5th
I was late. so I'm before valentines actually
I slept in 11 days.
my bio father was an alcoholic so yeah prob not.
he's dead i'm over it.
:-P fine mooooom
oh now nice
what's that like? being non deranged?
But where's the crying? Or the threatening?
oh yeah that one too
oh
am I not supposed to do that one??
I didn't make a bomb!
oh
guilty person says what?
shit
drive him to drink
what
i need to figure out what the fuck audrey wants.
god damnit i need a nap
or well it's 1 in the morning it's not a nap anymore
hello
Yes that is me Faust
No I have a thinker power to always know when a shoelace is untied in a one playground length radius
I was a camp counselor
There was one time where we had two kids named Logan. One was a boy and one was a girl. And I yelled at one that their shoe was untied. And the universe just decided that. The other Logan's shoe would be untied too
No?
hey hey hey.
this is a no awoo zone
the points matter in my heart
metal bird?
purple is best color
what about new haven cape, Bird School
*groans
I know how to spell guys
so pink is the cooler twin
i'm a little offended you didn't tell me to shut my *Whore* mouth. come on thalia. step up the vulgarity
(i thought minerva was cool but)
anti confirmed for android?
wow teller. Why not keep it *Gay* in your head. Wow.
thanks anti
everyone dies eventually
surprise
I'd be free Vern.
Ur a German
Guess who's back
back again
Eat people???!?!?!,,?,
Yeah I'm sorry
Don't tell mom
Or grandma
Or aunt Lin
I'm drunk y'all don't ask me things about my characters because it's not gonna be petty
I'm beautiful spelt
Xoxo
Lolololol I lololol
my head fuckin hurts
hey meg
today on "Bad decisions with Saff"
spelt fight me
But today's particular flavor is "Don't trust thinkers who only speak to you through your private emails."
(Am I not the only one that felt bad for trickster it's a miracle.)
at that point I don't think he wanted to stick it in her
not everyone wants to stick it in something, spelt.
He loved her.
He would do anything for her.
if something horrible like that happened to yum I probably would do the same.
So yeah. I completely understand everything Trickster did. He didn't do it in the best way or the right way.
but it's easy to see WHY he did it.
well firlz now you have to buy it and run a shitty gang from the basement
and then nonagon will come, wreck your shit, and kick your ass.
just push thalia in front of a bus and run.
(thalia ilu i swear)
Oh no did you get the SOMA flaw?
hi mega
I'm just. I'm waiting to see how much fuckin trouble audrey is going to get in once her mom realizes she's been disassembling all the appliances
"Hey Audrey have you seen the rice cooker?" "NO MOM BYE"
"I swear we used to have a blender" "NOPE NEVER DID"
"Audrey where's your laptop?" "I DON'T KNOW UH FUCK"
divecock my detroit cape is uh.
She's 15 and poor and constantly being watched by her family
because last time she ran off by herself she tried to jump off a building.
yeah. so now her mom, aunt, and grandma take shifts watching her
So a lot of her tinkering is on the sly. She took apart her laptop. fuckin rip
NOW HE'S POINTING A GUN AT ME
the fuck did I even do
besides you know
gore a man
Look man it was. They told me he was a villain
I was just going to take out his legs but he kept moving
so I stabbed him
claw striker.
stabbing is easier.
also he was a big dude and she's a blonde woman with nice bazoongas.
plus her claws have like. a draining power? So she figured more cuts = more chances for him to stay down
............
can someone kick firlz.
CWN NEVER MAIMED A HOBO
she killed Terry. And probably that guy that was walking his dog.
I mean she had two PHO threads
the general consensus was that people are wary of her but are glad she's on the side of good
anyone who brought up the boobs received an infraction.
hey man I'm not a mod
gwyn is like. sobbing in a corner now because she's only a tiddy in everyone's eyes.
shhh
Look girls you can flash your tiddies to make boys stop shooting you
But the No Respect flaw means /other/ people don't respect you, not that you don't respect yourself (at line 474)
):<
The flashing worked! Like. It was either fight this fucking drone and probably get shot because my dex is crap. Or I could flash the tiddies and end the stream.
Like.
It was brilliant.
it just made everyone think that she was dtf
hey man. Call me lots of things but you can't say i'm boring.
What's saff going to do today? Surely she'll do something heroic, right? Oh. Nope. She's just. Stabbing a hobo. Shit, saff.
oh god firlz is not allowed to defend me
What I did?
Wow faust
yeah
Hmm. What do I want to pick.
I think... I think I'll pick the stat increase?
yep!
Very dex.
I'll take it to ath I think.
hahaha. Are you disappointed I didn't shank anyone else, vern???
Oh yes just. Walk in and stab the director of the Meister great plan
"GUYS I SWEAR I"M A HERO"
I mean. I had a gun pointed at my head at one point
i mean
a little?
I just. the train of thought. "Why is erzengel here with some crying bimbo? Oh shit it's Katz. BETTER PULL A GUN"
):<
VERN
Oh. Hm. I guess I'll try to think of some
Yeah. At this point I'm in a cwn situation where i have to join a hero team.
yeah. And if she goes back on her own I'm worried Einsicht would come back at her.
But the thing is she's reluctant to join a group because of what happened with the cult.
So... It's going to be a tough choice for her.
Look you'd be wary of groups too if you escaped a cult
vern one of the groups is literally a megachurch.
well the cult didn't point guns at her either. They were all smiles until she was like "Hey maybe we're not chosen people" and then they drugged her, cut her up, and beat her until she miscarried. And Einsicht didn't point guns at her. He was like here's where your husband is just go beat up this dude I promise he's a criminal.
and the meister did point guns at her. A lot.
yes being ava is suffering
I'M STUCK IN A JAIL CELL WITH A PRIEST.
why do all my capes end up in jail?
and half the time it's dead
some of the campaigns do? I don't know if anyone is currently taking players though.
bogota isn't as dead as New Haven is so it's okay.
Hey hey hey. There were three sessions.
new haven was born, lived for three days because it had a horrible birth defect
and then it died.
ah new haven. My ugly, deformed, dead baby
you didn't. But non robbed a McDonald's and got mastered pretty fucking hard
The campaign i ran for like. Two seconds
It was just supposed to be a fun fuck off thing and then I realized I hated dealing with mechanics
And maybe also you degenerates.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/12cKFRrG1ef4s3ztiDSQGKlQu_iSOjU1c8dJ8ISwtyvk/edit?usp=sharing
this was the monstrosity
I ran a draft. That is what happened when I gave people the option to sabotage the money
spelt want to say that to his face
he's in the other room
he's still thriving on the salt that draft produced
firebear. Bless her. Yum actually ran that power when he was teaching my siblings about tabletops. it was fun. And then she got shot in the jaw.
yeah. I forget how.
But she did
got a nifty robot jaw out of it though
Good
True love is elbow deep
Well iri. When you love someone you put your arm up their asshole
You're welcome bel.
PINK NO
and they won't love her that much after she takes all the shit in the house.
I'm sorry dol I.
I have never engaged in fisting.
I'm engaged thank you
Is yum on right now?
He is not. He's playing magic.
But dol is so good
Oh My god queen is going to be such a shit
was my application accepted, Anti?
:-P is it because I put "Meth" under my favorite activities?
should have done a writeup for redshift.
"He's boring but brings me the tendys"
anywway i'm gonna go to bed. Night nerdos
GOOD MORN
hello dol how are you
oh hey panth
how you
yes
because he has a cool character
NOoooooo. i love hiiim
panth but.
i guess i'll poison the dumplings tonight???
shut up vern
HE WASN"T EVEN IN THIS
I'LL STAB YOU ALL
NO
thanks thal. I can always count on you.
DOn"T HURT MY SON
:)
yes
hi mega
You are correct
i c u
if you ever need to hide the fact that you're a cape from your parents, just tell them you're masturbating. #safflifetips
:)
oh my god. Please no.
"Hey friends if you're having a bad day just eat like $12 worth of taco bell and then sing to your dog"
lol snowbird
he almost moved into my place.
I once got drunk and told him I didn't know why we were friends but we are so we like him
yes.
snowbird is a... Maybe friend is a strong word. But we hang out with him. By we I mean anti, yum, and I.
Yum and I live in the same house.
Technically I do not live here if you ask anyone.
like. Snow is like. A salt gremlin.
With too many dildos.
And he'll admit it to your face.
pink how did you get a pic of my berlin cape?
uh hm. Bank robbery for a villain side? or maybe stopping one if they want to be heroes? Idk.
I once ran a heist in a museum? and then I killed off all the players because they made me want to punch myself in the face
I stopped GMing for good when I ran my best friend's boyfriend and he just kept fucking around
uh one was punched in the face by an invisible frog man named pepe?
div i have like six I will give you one.
faust no
down faust
I'm not getting in a hot tub with you degenerates.
dragon con is where I got my first hangover.
no furry hearts.
cinderella cinderella
what campaign is this for?
oh too bad heartless bitch isn't for cleveland. We need a new bitch to replace blood bitch.
I mean yeah ripping our your hart should be pretty messy.
in real life
like
the meatspace
some people that aren't AI exist in it
oh my god
Prom dogs?
good
"Sorry I was late for school I disassembled my alarm clock to use it for parts for my spear" ~Audrey Wu probably
they can eat things besides rice, you know.
is that true, anti?
Oh. Okay. Well. I just killed audrey's entire family
killing an entire family or thinking before I talk?
because yes
oh no i killed grandma wu
So much rice
I have. i love rice
I make rice and then throw a cheese omelette on it
It started off as rice balls stuffed with omelette but then I got lazy about making the balls so
dol you're amazing
how many changers do you have, pink?
I don't know why we're saying no to spelt but i'll join
NO SPELT NO
rip
as a GM
you've mentioned there were a lot in detroit I just haven't counted at all.
holy shit
Cleveland is tinkertown
hey spelt where r ur eyeballs
...gross
Um. I'm not sure kastor? I think that could be upsetting to some?
Would that work? I feel like you'd die first.
(To be fair though I was imagining the coat hanger shebang)
hey anti are you still in my house?
Okay. I always have to check
ah bambina. Bless her.
I am the shitposter
$roll 1d500
oh no. because it's not cleveland there's no beego.
tanuki is sad auuuu~
oh no
):
beego why
auuuu~
Hm. Do I have any easily accessible videos of me talking?
i think I might still have the hostage videos?
i'm working on getting the video ugh
https://youtu.be/u60oDBA4Pg4
it's still uploading but that should have my voice and my puppo when he was a bab
just give it a few minutes my internet is being shit. D:
video up.
Doot doot
Hear what?
Hostage videos. It's what my mom calls it when I take videos of me with the dogs
I'm going to bed night nerds
I can't sleep. :/
And it's 4AM
Heathen. Waffles are better.
I'm not picking firlz
And then einsicht unmasked me to the wooorld
I'm just glad that Siegfried appreciates the cat puns.
Like. Keeping her working for einsicht would have been cooler narratively. But having Ava in that situation without trying to escape. That wouldn't Be in character.
I don't know who to pick as a lawyer though. Because knowing half the people on this chat I'll get my ass sent to prison and the meister will  pop bottles of champagne and dance
I got assfucked by einsicht
Yeahhhhh
Look. To be fair though he was scary looking.
HE HAD HORNS VERN
HE BREATHS FIRE
Oh. Well uh.
Look she didn't have time to see if his mixtape was actually fire or not
🙃
Oh I'm sorry I didn't know you shouldn't use cafe wifi because you might become someone's assassin
That cafe should change the network's name to "bend over because you're gonna get fucked"
Was the coffee even good? Was it worth this?
Why are grandmas always so stubborn? I swear.
):< that's so many episodes of house though.
The lesbian liver one is pretty bitching though
The hostage episode.
Jesus why are tv hospitals such awful places to work?
Like you have all of these brilliant doctors and all they do is fuck each other and die.
Oh the aids dude episode too
When he coughs blood all over Cameron and she freaks out and does meth or whatever.
Oh my god I forgot about that episode claw. That was fucked up
Anyway. I'm gonna try to get some more sleep. I have two hours until I have to be awake.
I don't recall that one. I can only think of the bones episode with the kid who wanted to be a super hero.
Shit. No. Saff. Sleep. Night.
Oh. With my boy Lin Manuel Miranda.
yeah.
Surprise it's yo boi
I AM GO TO BED
):< night Vern talk to you in like two hours lol
Good morn fan
*fam
My accent? I don't have ooonne
Lol my grandparents wish
I don't know a lick of Italian. Nonna didn't fuckin teach me
Mishie I thought you would steal Christmas
Yeah I totally walked into my class and there's a test today. Lolololol fuck my ass.
Yum ran a few irl sessions where he genned powers and made the sheets then flipped them upside down on the table and had people grab one
No wait. Yum did the irl draft. I did the flip over the papers.
And you can do a group session if it's like. A murderbox or something.
Okay gotta take this test fuck.
That's my dog voice. I'm from Connecticut but with a bit of southern twang
Give me a mo
https://youtu.be/9M4FTsHdQZQ
I like purple. It's the best color
It is.
But mishie already yelled at us for being off topic so how about them weaver dice
dive cock
DO NOT BOOP ME
So how about that zoup!?
anti's girlfriend told me to defect, rebuild zoup, and hire better guysd
that's what she suggested...
Which button do you press though? Dive? Or cock?
spelt aren't you supposed to be sleep
MISHIE
HOW COULD YOU
hail satan?
hey cog
oh gross.
vodka and cherry soda tastes like cough syrup to me
I've had it. My parents only buy grey goose.
(anyway I'm a rum girl)
oh.
i like cider. I also like alcoholic ginger beer. Mmmmm
your wife and I will get along.
gah i'm like. In cape fever right now. I won't shut up around yum.
I just keep talking about all my fuckin capes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9FImc2LOr8
sorry bro
did i say hi to you
oh
oh
thaliaaa
I just wanted to say hi thal
i keep yelling about Audrey tbh. Because I'm like. Still trying to work out what direction she'll go in.
haha thalia.
I miss redcap
All the jokes
"Hey miss do you know where the train station is?" *rolls a 1* FUUUU
every single time.
Thalia killed so many people.
SO MANY
definitely closed casket.
fidler's family got her dad back in a jar
"this is what was left"
she puts googly eyes on the jar and talks to him
"hey dad how are you today?" *wiggles jar*
"we don't even know if some of these pieces are from your dad"
rip
bel is actually just dags
!search dame
thal are you trying to make my friends with your drowned corpse?
mmm. Yeah. Though our car ride singalong would have been fun
Mmmm. Only Queen says fuck a lot.
Katz is more partial to shit
Audrey doesn't swear often, unless it's a quick "God damnit" when her mom can't here.
Cwn says fuck sometimes, but she's toning the swearing down for PR purposes
a memo that Gigawatt never got
but Queen is just. Every other word is fuck
where are you in them?
the one eyed lesbo
did
did you not know?
she triggered because she peeped through a hole in the girl's changing room and someone stabbed her in the eye with a pencil
she wears an eyepatch
and she likes the ladies
no. Precog
bring beholder back for the gay team
Fine.
Do we get special jackets?
She found the hole in the wall? idk I think the trigger was meant to be for a dude but proth was like LESBIANS
she didn't die
she graduated from the wards and then moved to Watchdog
yeah
no dead.
AQ tried to kidnap her though
no. Only um. Redcap. Invictus. Knightmare.
did anyone else die?
Is wink dead yet?
right fuckin SOMA
fuckin soma.
bless that bastard.
At least you killed him.
I killed soma, once upon a time.
Well actually he died of radiation poisoning before I could drop a bomb on his face.
oh my god
I really need to figure out what Audrey is going to do. It's leaning towards villaining just because the only way I can see her getting the stuff she needs for tinkering is petty theft
and petty theft escalates.
will the gang give me shit to tinker with?
yeah pink her mom will.
"I didn't raise you to... steal things... and stab people!"
oh no not mom
she just. Can't get caught.
is that to the tune of "Do you wanna build a snowman?", thal?
good
LET US RIDE INTO THE NIGHT
oh god
imagine the tattooist there
"Hey audrey your skin is coming off I can't do this"
but yeah she's looking a little villainy just because she's so tired of being a goody goody.
she's not dead
antioch confirm?
same with queen but queen is definitely not dead, druz
because queen is very much alive. And snorting coke. and eating the tendys
tendys
there was a villain barbeque? Oh mannn
that sounds awesome was the food good?
oh. Spelt died.
someone clean that up
Uh. Shit.
dude like. it's so easy
No.
better get yarning
oh man
I want to kill for a burger
not "I would kill for a burger"
like. Yum can grill and I'll stab anti and take his burger.
hi dol
but yeah pink that's probably what'll happen with audrey. petty theft leading to straight up gang activity
dol is this true? Did you kill people??
dol. That kills people
I'm sorry you had to find out like this
yeah sorry i know.
armor eyes
god damnit I need a fuckin nap
and that power was a bitch to gm, right?
i can't. Class and then work
No nap for me
i really don't want to work today but I'm taking tomorrow off for valentine's so I can't not
I'm making fried chicken and mashed potate, and then a raspberry pastry for dessert
even if everyone is working a stable 9 to 5 it's still hard
how are you not dead
i got 2 hours last night i Hate myself
I didn't mean to
I just couldn't sleep
i typically get 8 hours at least. but I just couldn't get comfortable.
I tend to sleep too much if I don't control myself
How do you people function.
Dude I need like. At least six hours to not hate myself. I could sleep all day if yum didn't drag my ass out of bed
Yeah sorry
Meowve over.
Same
Hey. Hey.
He deserved it
Yes
And it wasn't 36 times
It was like three.
Should I have picked tubes as my lawyer instead
Rip
fight fight fight fight
I'll box you, Cogo
please don't break my bones
Mass murder for a burger is fair though
the dutch can fly?
For a moment I thought that said "We have plans, Saff" and I was like shit wait what we did?
You're a secret
I don't really like #2.
this ain't a power it's a god damn arms thing?
(i'll stop sorry i'm a shitposter)
*div
i'm not sure if mishie is going to be the best lawyer or worst i'm afraid.
turn, Div. I also have a changer sub-tinker
the pigtails of detroit
): pink why this
"Audrey why is all your skin coming off?" "Idk mom i'm going through a phase"
Idk. I'm looking forward to my next session though. Audrey is a fun character.
Idk I'm in such a... I don't even know how to explain my mood. I just want to like scream about my capes. I made a fuckin collage thing for queen today because why the fuck not
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/UVNZsNak/Queen.png if you ever wanted to know what queen looks like.
:-P
She mostly sticks to adderall, coke, and heroin though. Less meth mouth more you know. Hole in her nose.
and I think so, Nick?
I literally just googled "Blonde teens" and picked one I thought fit, then reverse image searched to find the actress
so i really don't know what she's from
she mostly fits the image I had in my head. There are a few things off. Queen has green eyes for example, and shorter hair during her prime, since she chopped most of it off after rehab
But I was really just dicking around and adding stuff for the character sheet.
idk queen is just one of my favorite characters I've ever played. She's over the top and she's got a very versatile power. I love her dynamic with shades.
I loved how she thought she was invincible until she shot jetstream and realized that actions have consequences.
it's nice down here.
Oh no. Anti and I have a deal.
For finishing her narrative he gave me a free legacy for her sometime in the future.
it's just a matter of time, div.
spelt i'm trying so hard to not make a joke right now.
Thanks faust xoxo
but seriously she was sixteen and never had any serious consequences ever. Even rehab like. She just left.
so no shit she's gonna do stupid shit she literally has no concept of anything that's--lurk stop you're gonna make me blush
non ):
I thought we had something special
I handed you your nemesis
I let you call me a dumb cunt
Yeah. Lots of immaturity and naivety. Teenagers are notorious for thinking that nothing bad can ever happen to them
So building their egos and fluffing them up and then watching them crash down is.
oh yeah that's the good shit.
Idk I like playing teenage characters for that reason. The delusions of grandeur. The fact that everything that happens to them is the worst thing ever.
not having a date to prom is the end of the world.
but yeah like. I don't know. Just. teenagers are more fun to play because they don't have their shit together.
I didn't either, lurks. But when a girl kept trying to steal my date it ruined my whole night.
lol who needs soc not me
I went to a christmas dance for the junior class (Mistletoe), junior prom, and senior prom. Mistletoe was the worst thing I ever went to because my friend's date ditched her and I spent most of the night consoling her while my date disappeared. Junior prom I got lactose sick during it and ended up spending the rest of the night on the couch in the bathroom.
And senior prom i had to keep that bitch sophie away from my date.
but now i'm a boring fuddy duddy that doesn't go to parties.
Idk I like playing teenage characters for that reason. The delusions of grandeur. The fact that everything that happens to them is the worst thing ever.
Actually pink now that I think about it. That happened at my junior prom
This girl's tit fell out of her dress
but instead of like. freaking out or putting it back or whatever she just left it out
and she ended up getting arrested at prom
for having her tiddy out
Her name was tiffany. She was a winner.
but I only heard about it from the bathroom gossip since I was sick as all hell. People say a lot of shit in the bathroom when they think no one is listening.
what the fuck
jesus
but yeah pink like. it's just. It's fun to play teenage characters. Especially since the source material was about teenagers.
I think one of the things I really love about detroit is that it's just a bunch of teenagers running around and being fuckoffs. I love it.
I'm jealous of dol for having ruin.
thalia i think we both just dwell in the "What the fuck is wrong with you" shame basement
it's cozy in here though.
anti i'm so proud of you
Anti do you happen to have my cleveland word count?
so many cuddle
he's on my ass
i'm exceeding him by like. 19,000 words but.
though firlz slightly beats me for longest wordcount of a single session
Guess I'm gonna have to kill him
I can't kill you, nick. I actually like you.
here comes rat boi oh shit whaddup
shhh she's trying
hey. Some of us have to work at full speed when that time rolls around. Cashy doesn't have any excuse
love me a good shitpost
shitposting lived a long and fruitful life.
how is that WD
git gud
night kas
take life to the MAXIUM
oh yeah, pink. "take life to the MAXIUM" then katie has to get a matching one
Perfect
best friends forever.
): don't steal audrey's lunch money she's so smol she's so wee.
Morn
How u
Same ugh
Wow Vern. Wow.
Guess I should have just kept being an assassin
Mishie volunteered and you were like WELL NOW HES IT
I didn't choose
A crappy one. Who studied law on the INTERNET
MISHIE I SWEAR TO YOUR FUCKIN KILT
Hopefully the prosecution isn't taking advice from the anti school of lawyering. >.>
Mishie you better not fuck this up
You prick
How did your character even pass the bar
Did you get demoted?
Mishie no
You've got the [METAL] part, but a skink is not a [BIRD]
I am aware. Very nice lizard. Like 7/10 but.
Pulease. I'm about as much of a real judge as you are a real lawyer.
Where did I put my fucking glasses
Hey meg mishie is sending me straight to hell
):
mega why this
): Mega are you sick of my shit?
...maybe? is it working?
damnit meg
mishie volunteered
i'm so salty
I CONFESSED. UNMASKED. TO TWO HERO GROUPS. Someone give me some slack
she's not scum ):
eh. I put too much sugar in my coffee by accident.
HE DIDN'T DIE
he's FINE
he's fine enough to prosecute me
ANTI NO
ANTI REMEMBER I LET YOU GET AWAY WITH SO MUCH IN COURT
ANTIOCH NO
I KNOW WHAT YOU DO AS A PROSECUTOR OH GOD
why this vern
can't you just be like "Well she confessed, she's unmasked, idk Siegfried keep her out of trouble"
Not mishie
mega
too many Ms
I'm not done with my coffee
mega I'll protect you
I FUCKED UP OKAY
probably not that well?
Mishie shouldn't your lawyer talk with katz before just. Busting out in court
and yeah because anti didn't finish his charasheet. XD
):
yum is making faces at meee
I TRIED
I TRIED VERN OKAY
bleargh
Lots to do today
I'm gonna make bitchin food.
ooh
):
please. One vern is enough. :-P
nick don't spoil the fuuuun
gonna go to class bye nerds
Fuck u
Wick. Don't make me put you in the pink sofa of shame
I'm on my way.
Speaking of class anti I have a physics test Thursday. Is there any way you can pop by tomorrow and help me study?
Specifically anti pop by.
Please do not come bursting through my pipes to teach physics, foss
I will bill you for the damage and I'll be very upset.
Understood?
Thalia why are you like this
O.O
Did you... not know?
Yes
Just have fun and be yourself
Oh
He
*hm
Thalia this is why we're friends.
I love the name.
Dive cock. Stop.
No.
Also duck my phone
Can't ducking type anything
Duck this
I hate you all
Dq isn't real
Don't worry so much about having five pips
LESBIANS
DID SOMEONE SAY LESBIANS
THAT"S jUST MY VOICE I'M ITALIAN
:D
Why this.
help me
Antioch is evil
lol wick that's because I'm a literal sociopath probably.
BUT ANTI IS FUCKIN.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU
I KNOW BUT
I JUST
OH GOD FUCKIN
tuzi don't go mod on me you don't know what he's done
It is, however, related to weaver dice.
I'm just super salty right now.
It's just. spoilers probably.
Also yeah i do deserve it
when you shoot a hero in the chest point blank with armor piercing rounds uh
You get a lot of attention.
!quote 154
I believe it was, anti.
I snickered
oh. Proth's here. That's why the floor is sticky
no it's.
It's WORSE
yes thalia best friends
ALL THE DRUGS
OH GOD NO
oh dear god
yeah. it's like three left or something?
SIMURGH SIMURGH SIMURGH
so yum and I are about to start streaming come watch us at twitch.tv/yumgar
portal 2
working on it
is it any better now?
WORKING ON IT
yeah it's not working. ):
hmmm. What would be a good idea for a redesign of AQ's costume....
Normal costume was like royal purple skydiving suit modified with gliding wings and tron lights
jesus. It's only 9PM and it feels like I've been up for days.
morn morn
nm u?
ur chaotic
hey meg
How're you?
Okay. Trying to work on this sketch agh
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/CPDFuBhc/1487138328.JPG
thank you! I'm working on coloring it right now.
Bow, that's something I'd ask anti about. This is actually for him!
One pistol and the arm of a T
It looks cooler when it's colored. But I can't really say much more than that without anti's permission
The outfit is an AQ redesign though
I'm just doing what anti asked, claw.
hey dol
come on and SLAM
i'm late with that i'm sorry
tubes I told slamming that I would always space jam them
And no one is shooting a man in an ice coma
ouch
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/AMGCQSc5/IMG_4767.JPG
And colored.
Thanks!!
y'all are going to inflate my ego.
thanks thalia.
i'm glad someone can cover the "Go kill it" while i'm not looking
that's how I got my fiance.
Life is not a game.
(I did not murder a hobo, flash my tits, or fuck a subordinate. Though when I first started realizing I liked him I threatened to stab him with a pen. But then he took away my pen. So I said I would shank him with my keys.)
Ladies and gentlemen, nonagon.
they were just my car keys. It was only because he couldn't take them away...
go for the eyes!
unless you're not into the eye goop getting on you. It's pretty gross.
.....
"I'M THE CARPENTER HERE TO BUILD YOUR DECK"
Do nail guns shoot that far?
or do you have to get close up and just
Pop
right in their flesh.
and you have to be careful. Because if you nail gun in the wrong spot you've popped an artery.
And now they're bleeding out
Just go with the knife.
how about just a knife knife.
look. A nail gun is clumsy and a little cheesy. Unless you're like. A carpentry themed cape I'd pass on it.
I like non's idea.
I like this carpentry gun cape
Is this your grandma? Or is it A GUN
will he take his ears out
:)
Good luck!!!
it's hump day. Everyone's fuckin just d o n e
either that or they're trying to sleep off the valentine's hangovers.
worm board game? if I'm losing can I just dump a bucket of water on the board and just go "Well leviathan attacked you're all dead bye."
This is how I play games.
by threatening the other players
just scream until everyone leaves.
well I guess I'm screaming until everyone leaves now.
thanks thal I needed that
it's fuckin cold in here
yeah
it's only sixty degrees out today
I just want to wrap up in all the blankets
GROSS
Pennsylvania isn't real
$critical burn
I don't have a problem with it. It's just. I think the entire state of Pennsylvania is probably a liminal space
Can we just send them drawings of dickbutt with your name on them?
I'm lactose intolerant
I have a friend named faith does that count
ice cream tinker
mega can I be a ward mentor!
"Look, Fidler. Everything the light touches is gay"
"That's where we put the straights we don't talk about it."
TUZI COME ON
What did I ever do
Chronological is fine no need to alphabetize.
Oh or that one!
(tuzi I'm not even going to lie I really want to have another session with freeman)
I mean. we still need to talk about the whole "Hey you tried to rip up your wrists and screamed about killing yourself maybe you should fuckin not?" Thing. And the "Hey who authorized her to have a gun"
): gwyn isn't that unsta--okay a little. but she's only killed two dude.
And the public didn't know about either kill.
because one died in an alleyway and the other was liquefied.
YOU SHOT COLDHAND IN THE FACE NONAGON
bless nach though. That angry little midget.
uh. uh. shit.
we all hated the guy
the motherfucker used all the DMH money for his medical bills
that bastard took my kidney, anti
anti is cwn ever going to find out that she only has one?
why am I typing you're literally in my kitchen
'Ms. Pryce are you aware you only have one goddamn kidney?"
ONE KIDNEY. ONLY ONE.
it got shot out when i robbed a pawn shop.
but meegaaaa. That was a long time ago
and I lost a kidney that's punishment enough
I liked that kidney
The doctor told her he had saved it.
he lied
he probably sold it on the black market
):
eveyrthing is good deep fried
wait do we have a newbie?
Am I allowed to bite them?
SAFF YES
.....
):
They're back!
\o/
So uh. Everyone having a good time?
Tuzi how's bogota?
that's uh. I guess a positive adjective?
we believe in you
!search tribal
should i bring up that essence session again now to remind people that you aren't a dice god?
yeah.
Cleveland does a bunch
and I always shitpost.
they're in the logs
5.f is one, foss
10.f
11.f there's a lot
They're really fun, lysa.
I hate trying to find forum avatars though
they're all anime, nick
I don't want anime!
It took me forever to find one for AQ
and I had to settle for the fuckin "OMG crack, YAY" one.
even nonspecfic ones.
):
oh leviathan got you sorry
I thought if you got all seven serums you could make a wish or whatever.
something something spiders george meme.
Did somebody say REND?
that's beautiful. Dol you're my hero
duck queen isn't real, mishie.
when are you sending me to fuckin prison, mish?
rip me
....who's dead. Dol are you dead?
dol you killed the bunny girl
to be fair, rabbit is really tasty.
It's not a person! It's a bunny! Put it in some marinara sauce and call my nonno!
Mmmm. I love me some rend.
hey faust
how you
good
"TITS OR GTFO" USER HAS RECEIVED AN INFRACTION FOR THIS POST
Div. She had two. There were a few tit jokes but they got infracted fast.
Most of them are just "Wait you want us to believe you're a hero didn't you say you wanted to kill hobos?"
It did happen.
There were two. One was the "oh shit this is what happened" and the other was an AMA
good morn
gottta take my dog to the groomer and then go to the doctor today. And then a physics test.
hey meg
there's something I wanted to say to you meg but I'm too scrambled in the brain department to remember
yep.
oh fuck it's spelt.
why this
Mega I trusted you
You uh. You didn't put cwn in jail?
Speaking of which mega. Been dicking around with a new queen interlude. Mendez gets mentioned a bit. Usually in the same breath as "bitch"
Tubes she's already missing a kidney don't take her uterus too
That's mostly with neutering. But she already doesn't have balls.
And they tend to cry for a bit afterwards.
Bucky sobbed like a bitch when he got neutered.
He also peed on the vet's floor
Surprise.
Nope.
Oh god why
Not the cone of shame
Even if she tried to shoot herself her dex is so bad she'd just hit someone else
Literally can't even hit her own face
She could run into a rend hole probably
Sorry wick
What the fuck no carrots don't belong in cake
Chocolate cake. Chocolate frosting.
Best cake
Carrot cake is shit come fight me
Bet you like oatmeal raisin cookies too, bow
Silent bob isn't scrags.
Come try to kick my ass I dare you I'll just bite you
Bow I'm. Do you enjoy Lima beans too??
Yes
Raisin are gross
vern verns things all the time
but we still tolerate him I think.
welc I will kick you into the sun
:-P
I can't. I'm not an op. But I would. I wouuuuulllddd
heyo
hey thal how u
about to take a physics c lass
Come on and spam
Yes
Same.
Rippo
My problem is I just don't give a shit about mechanics.
Hey dol
you're the ho
wait there's a level below spelt?
Oh you're right, vern.
there's me!
Making a campaign, running three sessions, then leaving the IRC to avoid my shame
:)
I never said I was perfect
he's talking about New Haven.
Chibiface and firebear still have two of my favorite WD powers. I wish I had actually made them do something
Chibiface was prop hunt: the cape. Which is awesome. because then people just start assaulting the furniture in hopes that it's her.
I'm soooorrryyyy
I'm not doing that.
I still have all the documents but I just. I don't know the mechanics well enough
If I did ever start something again it'd probably be like. Three to five players though. idk. I don't really want to do anything though
Screw the rules I have memes
yeah. You could be like non's New Haven cape and get mastered fuckin bad.
ur a trigger
what
thanks
oh dear tubes
that's. FUcked
KILL
yes of course
would you ezpect anything less of us, tubes?
I shot a hero in the chest. I thew a man into a rend hole. I severed a dude's spinal cord after he already begged for mercy
It's... It's kind of close?
but not as bad
It's still fucked up as shit
when I had my wisdom teeth out I said to the surgeon "If anything goes wrong you can just take me to the funeral home next door"
he wasn't pleased
everyone has these cool wisdom teeth stories and I'm like. I ate a yogurt, tried to watch game of thrones, threw up, and passed out for four hours
pls no
Ooh barbecute would be tasty
i uh. Barbecue
Why this.
pun pun pun
god damn. Going through cleveland logs and everyone has these cool quotes at the top of their sessions and I have things like "apparently I'm not supposed to fuck people in the ass"
I mean uh. I guess?
Send me the app I guess?
Proth oh my god
aksdaskdhaskda
FIGHT ME NICK
put em up, princess
all of the "fuck" quotes are queen. The dust devils' favorite word was fuck
RIP DD
MAYBE YOU SHOULD SHUT UP.
yes mega satan
But I don't think you're satan, mega.
GUESS I'M PUTTING DICKS IN THEM
(I'm not)
Ouch tubes
don't let spelt do a transplant
he takes both of your kidneys. Loses them
Thalia stop stealing people's kidneys
I don't want to wake up in a bathtub full of fucking ice.
and pennsylvania.
What's up fucks
Shhh wick did you catch the murder from Thalia?
Hey Vern
How is everyone
Do ur work
WORK
In the words of Rihanna. Work work work work work.
Oh hi sweetie
I love you
We have a room it's got a dog.
Anti also ran behemoth
I think we're scaring them
so I guess WD talk.
Vern's probably going to put me in prison in berlin. ):
I think vern wanted me dead within the week.
XD
In my last session, wick. I turned myself in to the church good guys. Who were like you've got to turn yourself into the actual good guys
So she did.
ANd now she's sitting in a cell with one of the beefiest dudes in berlin because he's such a nice guy he didn't want to leave her alone.
Hi dol How you
same. Working on a monster.
I"M SORRY VERN
his presence is very comforting
Since Ava has no friends or family anymore.
hey anti fuck you
Honey. Go pet the puppy and fuck off.
xoxoxox <33333
wick i've gotten out of prison before
this isn't the first time I've been arrested
this ain't my first rodeo
Yeah she is, wick.
Mostly because she let herself be tricked by Einsicht.
She's very suggestible. Which is how she ended up in a cult.
"Hey your parents are dead you're all alone come here and pray with us" "lol ok"
the fucker deleted the emails though. So she's basically running around going "EINSICHT TOLD ME TO"
and everyone is like "Bitch where"
hey hey
Gluten morgan.
Is that what happens if I make my sister out of dough
Hello
are you new?
come join the party.
Tubes what if I don't like beer
Can I bring my own wine instead?
Oh i'm sorry I don't want to drink pee bread water.
I think I've only had natty once.
I've tried other beers. Just not my thing. Wine, however. Even shitty wine is wine. I love it. The water of my people.
Sorry bow....
idk. I kind of want a cape of mine to take part in an endbringer fight. But at the same time I'm like LOL no my babies aren't going to get hypermurdered
Endbringer fights are pretty hard to GM if I remember anti's behemoth thing right.
Morning Cogo
ur tinkertech gone wrong
Oh I have creative ones. But I won't waste them on spelt. :-P
No he can't, spelt. I'm on campus and he's still at home with the puppy I think.
Or he's on campus but far away from me. He hangs out in the student center. That shit is too loud for me
meat... carnival?
what
meat carnival.
I have been blessed on this day
do you live in an adult cartoon?
"you're in ms. Frizzle's class. Trigger"
Spelt why are you stabbing people
don't fuckin remind me
hey mega
or if you're me you just shoot them in the chest
forgive me if this is a stupid question, but I don't typically pay attention to mechanics. Are called shots a thing in WD, or are they just part of a skill?
ugh it's nearly 1 already fuck my ass.
Not if I stab it.
My professor isn't here yet
kill all the things
more like. In pieces
amen to that
is that a tinker that turns everything into gold?
what are we talking about? Heists? I like me some heists.
rob an armored transport vehicle.
huh
interesting
the fuck is wrong with you people
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 47)
I'm not wrong though
Not in my uterus, motherfucker
Pink shhhhhhh
anti you'd have to delete me
ARE THERE ANY OTHER DONGS WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT
): persecution
why did you expect it to come from me?
):
Audrey is just a sweet girl who may or may not become a criminal.
She is not Dr. Frank n Furter.
faust why
oh god
my dad let my sisters microwave an egg once, just because he wanted to see how long it would take to blow up
I don't. I don't want to know what the hamster would look liek
like
the egg was pretty entertaining. But then they had to clean it up so
B A M B O O Z L E D
oh man apocrypha.
i'm still so salty that you actually got the harmacist, anti
mishie you don't understand. Anti was driving us to rehearsal and we passed the winn dixie and the sign for the pharmacy was blown out. So it said "HARMACY" and I was like "wow they really fucked up their agenda didn't they?" and anti just goes "I want a tinker named THE HARMACIST"
all because of this fucking winn dixie
bone train. why this
what
I think if you keep the transparent background it'll save it as black in certain types of saves?
I don't remember
I haven't done digital art in so long because I suck monkey ballsack at it
oh hon hon baguette
Morn
You know this isn't what I meant when I said I needed a cup of coffee...
I can't drink you.
I AM NOT A VILLAIN VERN
and hey cogo
I was trying to explain Katz to my friend yesterday
because she was saying if she played in WD she'd be a villain. And I was explaining how I tried to be a hero
and failed miserably
She was like "So you stabbed a guy in the spine, right? Was he a bad guy?" "Yeah?" "CLOSE ENOUGH"
Katz isn't a villain she just. Has issues.
IT WASN'T 37 IT WAS THREE VERN
HE WASN'T HE WOULDN'T STAY DOWN
I HAMSTRINGED HIM
AND HE WAS STILL GOING
and then he vomited fire on me
thanks thal i needed that
I have to be on fucking campus in like 45 minutes because. It's bullshit really. My group, which isn't really a group because everyone is in pairs, has a member that is presenting in class this week. And our professor wants us to watch his presentation before he presents.
but the professor isn't going to be there. So it's literally just
AND THE GUY PRESENTING SAYS HE DOESN'T EVEN HAVE HIS POWERPOINT YET
so i'm like why can't we just not and say that we did?
I pregamed a chapter meeting once when I was in the sorority
Showed up toasted.
That was fun
because the meeting was about trying to sniff out the person who reported them to nationals for being horrible people. And guess who the mole was it was me
Okay. I can probably do that.
or I could get chick fil a to cater.
it would be really funny. but we're on the second floor in a science building.
I don't have one
:)
THIS ISN'T MY FAULT
ERZENGEL DECIDED THIS ON HIS OWN
We're probably braiding each other's hair.
except no katz is sobbing her eyes out right now
Ava is not having a good time.
THIS ISN'T MY FAUUUULLT
I did the right thing by turning myself iiiinnnn
Cwn Annwn is a special sort
She's got issues.
lots of them
poor bab
But if Katz makes it out of jail. jesus she's gonna be on the struggle bus to being accepted
"No we're not working with her she fucked this all up"
THAT'S NOT HOW IT HAPPENED, STORE OWNER
I was told her was a villain I was going to take him down and call the meister to arrest him.
and instead they threatened to shoot me
Vern likes killing little girls
My dog is beautiful lurks
No he's not Vern.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/EKg4iK2j/IMG_4757.JPG
Vern u the ugly lil shit
nick i', sorry
what
wait what vern
WHAT WHY
vern please
don't put me in jail
VERN COME ON
I DON"T HAVE A FETISH
thalia no
why is it only kidneys
Thalia are you getting gay
Gay
I don't destroy things.
D:
I'm a character person.
Sha la la la
yeah firlz why won't you drop everything for the internet
I think it's bow, then me firlz
fuckin spelt.
Ruining all the shit.
(I'm sorry please don't bite me)
I mean. You're not wrong, Thalia.
"Hey Kiera do you know where the nearest mcdonald's i--OH GOD"
!search blu blu
oh is blushy still bed.
It's only been... Two years this may wow actually Mishie
A lot can make a character interesting, though.
A compelling backstory or story arc. Watching the character gro--Thalia that's not very nice.
I'm not going to mentor you now thal
You won't get my nudes then.
until TGK dies
and I'll shred you all with my rend claws and then probably threaten myself.
same
yeah no i'll just rend you both
Lumina you're like twelve.
That's the only thing she's good at!!! Rending!!
And uh. Crying.
If caitiff is the one that's storming the base i'm gonna fuck him up
nuh uh nuh uh
If caitiff is the one that's storming the base i'm gonna fuck up
If caitiff is the one that's storming the base i'm gonna fuck him
If caitiff is the one that's storming the base i'm gonna. fuck.
WAIT I CAN DO THAT
"hey man you can't storm this base." "Why not?" "Because Uh. I'll suck your dick?"
Yes oh my god
He just like. Sits in his office. He's nowhere near anything
but the motherfucker just drops dead
Because god damn cwn annwn has to be the office slut
Oh. Then he just drops dead at the fundraiser
;) thalia you're a gem
Don't think cwn gives great head though. There has to be a reason Mal dumped her.
I mean she is crazy.
he said he didn't mind the scars. The crazy part is probably the dealbreaker though
her social is -1
and yeah her standards are pretty low. They're about at "This person was nice to me guess I'll fuck them."
Yeah. Cwn doesn't want to be gangbanged and then exploded on
why are we like this
spelt you're always angry
thanks panth
thanks spelt i needed that
I'm here
FUk u
Turn order at all?
:-P
Ruuuude
Okay
Mishie why
Nooo
her parents are dead. Her husband tortured her. So no family or fiends
oh god
LOLOLOLOLOL
i'm so dead
rip me
): ): ):
isn't bavaria like. not real germany, vern?
):< nick y
I ONLY STABBED HIM THREE TIMES
i'll stab ur fuckin sister m8
FUk u
you're all shits.
mishie oh my god
lol mishie didn't even get her name right I have literally the worst lawyer
I'm gonna grab a coffee
coffee obtained. got my fuckin princess mug
fuckin. my frozen mug better protect me
i'm so fucked
I'll take it.
oh anti's alive.
I've added a whole shitton to the gwyn doc.
by a shitton I mean like 2000 words but
$roll 1d2 rip me
you two are trolls. I can't even.
oh?
Come on. I'm not *That* reckless
vernnnnnnn
you guys are the. I don't know if you're the best or the worst.
a real hero?
That was a wild ride though
you two had me going
ouch mishie. That's brutal. I love it though
ripparoni
All right. I'm gonna hop in the shower. Got to go to fuckin lunch soon ugh
:)
):<
yeah nick. Your sister's friend is still fuckin dead
I'm sorry...
god damn though Ava went from one cult to another.
hopefully this one doesn't slice her open
they're all cults.
neither does the catholic cult?
look man.
I ain't never seen my nonna self flagellate so.
instead she just lights a candle for my poor wayward soul
Do they? Guess I'm going to hell. Good job, Saff.
Anyway I've got to go to lunch.
FUk u
anti are you gonna be in the queen doc today?
cool cool
I had a dream the other night that anti announced he was going to do WD Belfast. And I was pissed because "not this shit place again"
wait did you actually write an idea for that?
I literally just had the dream because I had been thinking about Fate/No Arms
Fate/No arms was fun. It'll be two years next month.
fuckin soma
how are you going to kill him in 2017, anti
cg is a man, a legend.
hey bel
!quote 331
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel.
pretty sure it was dags banging someone
probably brigid. Maybe the secretary
You should bang the secretary
just bang right on Haddon's desk
Go into Kusakabe's old office and just desecrate it with fluids.
not much tell.
slow morning
my berlin cape isn't going to jail though so that's nice.
it was three.
and she got a plea deal. sentenced to join the samaritans for two years
just a big ol dong
yes!
Spelt that's my line you fuck.
hey pink, faust
I'm fuckin bored what is there to do
it's DnD night and I'm the only one in the house that's not in the party (I was invited I just declined) so I'm just. Fucking off until late probs. I've been writing but I'm just. Losing motivation kind of idk
you're correct, tubes.
Are you in the market for an ass butterfly?
"Trust no bitch"
with a skull and crossbon--Thalia no
don't taste that rainbow
It just ends like the jolly rancher story
I'm sorry
teller WHY
it's a metaphor
may the power of christ compel you
what about the glory hole blender one?
That was brutal
;) ayyyy
good job cam
what did I throw at you
oh
cigarettes. It's a metaphor
See you pelt the killing thing at someone
but you don't light it.
end me
this is what I get for making a shitty john green joke
how about that weaver dice
NO STEP ON SNEK???
do the infinity tattoo, tubes
http://i.imgur.com/OD8JtzC.jpg
same.
Oh the "She flies on her own wings" in latin.
Every basic bitch has that on her foot
With a bird
Or how about "I refuse to sink"
Selling his soul probs
oh my god I forgot about that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FPEwPpSyVE
but do you ship it in bubble wrap?
bel sometimes I wonder if you're actually just like. an 80 year old man.
Noir. Westerns. Fine scotch. Like.
nope bel you're an 80 year old man sorry.
Oh my god. Oh my god these burns. They fuel me.
ooh that sounds fun
spiders Geroge.
why does everyone have a tentacle monster
hey faust
!search peen
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel. (at line 331)
thank you mishie
you did better than firlz would hve
*have
yeah
I'll remember it
29
No problem, Mishie.
suspicious
Trigger 29
coffee.
I always have coffee for breakfast.
Wait. No. I had a monster for breakfast two days ago
I was going to get coffee but then I saw the monsters and I was like well fuck me up
unless. Well now it's monday
so two days ago would be saturday
so I did have coffee.
look i don't make good choices, mishie.
what's the approx timeframe for when indy is supposed to start, anti?
also wow you're up late.
oh god that's so far
you're killin me.
he got like. 8k for AQ and like. probably around 3k for cwn today
according to this it's 6k words since yesterday I think
Night anti
Good morn
Trigger 29
Hey dol
hey cg
Trigger 29.
i need coffee
that's me. I clamp down and don't let go
Ouch thal
Ouch
I don't think Cwn wants to hug malfire unfortunately. Not because she's not pretty. But because she's like. fuckin on fire.
Not you meg.
Cwn probably doesn't want to hug you either because you know. Mendez is terrifying
Not tasty either
My cwn doc is coming along nicely though. I've finally made it to blackjack
but I have like. No memory of what the fuck coldhand was like. What he wore or any of that?
I could just go bug snowbird but
I can't, cg. Most of his were meatspace.
That's the problem
So yeah I could text him but the last time I did I asked if he knew if it was possible to make a dick taste like fried chicken so uh.
Which was a purely scientific inquiry.
I DON'T WANT IT IT WAS A QUESTION
if anyone would know it would be him
he owns five dildos. FIVE.
Breaker.
I know it is. But do I *want* to talk to him.
That's the million dollar question
I didn't want to know for application purposes. It was a question that was raised and we figured that he would be the person that would know
If you're curious he said "I'm sure you CAN, but has anyone ever stopped to think that you SHOULD"
mega. Once I got drunk and told him "You know, snowbird. I'm not sure why we're friends with you. But we are. So I guess that means we like you."
I did text him though
He's probably not awake yet though
the place he works doesn't open until three so he doesn't usually wake up until like. Probably five minutes beforehand
but yeah. I'll let you know when you show up, Mega.
I've got to firebomb some police stations first though
CQ in the house kicking ass.
it's too bad he got transferred
it will. Oh god
I HAVE RECIEVED A RESPONSE
snowbird doesn't remember jack shit lololololololol
I'm crying I'm laughing so hard.
i think his chara sheet was on paper.
because anti doesn't have anything either.
Huston's shit, anti.
But I got confirmation that we were two powered fucks running around in street clothes and no masks.
DMH DMH DMH
Do you remember what his civ name was?
also send me the write up of his power if you can anti?
a C. Connor. Curtis. Chris. Cockface.
I'll go with Curtis.
hey tuz
Trigger 29.
!search peen
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel. (at line 331)
breaker.
brb got to go to campus
Mmm corpse hugs
the eyes of god
i'm so confused
okay gotta go to class. good luckj
RUN TUZI RUN
north korea is in texas?
why do I feel like this conversation ends with someone suggesting we nuke north korea
I have many complaints but none are abou tthe power
i keep getting confused every time you say shades.
Yes, kas
That's why I keep getting confused
spelt how are you still asleep
Being a little girl is easy
just scream a lot
's what I did
screamed so hard you triggered
you'll never get better unless you fucking try
TRIGGER 29.
bang the bar girl, dol.
DO it
megaaaa
mega actually I realized.
Cwn has not been briefed on anything. She doesn't know that there's someone in the cells.
like. Sirens are going off and she's like WTF I was trying to nap
forgemaster and I are fucked
Probably fuckin tinkers coming for Cremator.
oh right guts is in the cell too
I'll fuck guts up
mega.
HE THREW CARS AT ME
Can I fuck up Catiff though?
*Caitiff
I didn't try to kill sirocco!!!
I just wanted to slash
he won't have legs no more
Can do, Mega.
Your other defenses are one squad, and a hermit who's a shitty artist
I can get out of foam.
Caitiff breaks freeman's favorite teacup
"this time it's personal."
his teacup breaks. Instantly triggers
aye aye, captain
oh
yeah
don't sex the bar girl.
mega is the head honcho. The puppet master.
the one who has plans upon plans
mega knew i would join the protectorate before I did.
):
but i'm the cooler fuckup
ouch faust
vern why
https://68.media.tumblr.com/d8607fd02797f78cc28326f6fa4417dc/tumblr_okilnlDno31vkgjmeo1_540.jpg
D:
oh thank you dol
Trigger 29.
kawaii
I agree with faust on this
No one agrees with me on everything. I make terrible decisions.
when aren't you confused, bel
foss i swear to jesus.
you're a sentient fuckin rock.
putting your dick in something.
yeah
you'd think valor would be one of the first ones
isn't that just being stripped from your title?
tainted blood whoa oh. Tainted blood.
why are we kissing teller?
oh cool
hm. how much cash would be in a pawn shop's safe?
thalia i think i'm scared of you.
did we?
night loser.
Morn
How u
Eh. Didn't sleep. So I'll just have like six cups of coffee and hope my heart doesn't explode
well coffee is off the table. Coffee pot isn't clean. Damnit. Guess I'll go buy like. Six monsters on campus and REALLY hope my heart doesn't explode
SAFF YES
SAFF DOES WHAT SAFF WANTS
spelt i will end you
I am the alpha smol
pls no
oh shit. Yeah no tuzi is a smol above me
but he is slightly less smol.
but he is a more.... authoritative smol.
hello vern
maybe he got eaten
catfish is quite tasty
I, myself, like it with a cajun seasoning
sux 2 suckc
hi thal.
don't you mean, little lady?
what's cooler than a fucked up little girl though?
I'd do it.
mornin bow
who cares about stats it'd be an interesting character to play!
That's right up my alley.
I'm fucked up though. I'd probably make her start drowning rabbits until she gets to like. Bonesaw tiers of fucked up.
so uh.
I mean just to be fair. I wasn't attacking you. I genuinely think playing a fucked up little girl is incredibly interesting despite the stat drops.
a tv tropes compilation for WD would be interesting.
I do try to mix things up but. Yeah I'm the queen of capes with issues
AQ got my lack of filter. Audrey got my depression. Cwn has some other problems that she got from me.
katz just got the murder oops.
Mm. I don't care too much about the skills anymore. But dumping dex hurts me after fuckin cwn.
It's the ones that have compelling arcs
#neverforget
yeah. They do fall some on the GM but a lot also falls on the player.
a flawed character is more interesting than one that's perfect.
Where's yumgar i'm gonna ask him if he likes my compelling character arcs then.
tru
But yeah. Like. Look at Invictus from Cleveland. Ask anyone who was around during his time and wow everyone was like "fuckin vic loved that bastard" Well. Maybe not spelt. But spelt almost died so.
it's because he was interesting. He was batshit insane.
But you also kind of felt bad for him.
being meguca is suffering.
Mmm. Didn't mami have chains in madoka?
it's pronounced "Weebs", spelt
no furries pls
oh that said funnies
not furries
wtf
mishie we've already been through this.
Tuzi you were uh. Appointed as the alpha smol
I'll take the character. I'll be a magical girl I'll do it.
fuck off nick it's mine
I have experience being a shitty little girl
I'm 22. And I WAS a little girl.
A shitty one at that
You could go full bonesaw and be the creepiest, most twisted little girl.
become the five year old crime master
"Jimmy. Bring out the safety scissors."
"NOT THE SAFETY SCISSORS"
Yeah AQ is. schuyler too?
AQ is iconic. She shot a hero in the chest and then mega fucked her in the ass.
This is my blade, made of thousand-folded nippon steel ~Jackoff probably.
NIPPON STEEL IS SHIIIIIT
:-P
I've called you jackoff since I first met you
He's never told me to stop....
thanks faust that's helpful
what if we take Bel, and PUSH him somewhere else?
get a gun shoot a hero in the chest fly off and shoot heroin
HAHAHA
Shoot heroine then shoot heroin.
Oh my god
How did I never
How did I never think of this?
Oh my lord I'm crying
y'all i didn't sleep last night please let me have this moment
which is what I had in mind when I did new haven. But yeah that failed spectacularly
faust no
AH I LOVE BABYMETAL
KARATE IS SUCH A GOOD SONG AH
i haven't listened to her
Trigger 29
i don't know i'm scared tell
Yay humping!
non is the increment nazi
I mean it's a needed job
someone has to do it
but it's always non
I think non would be upset if we called him a fairy
Non would be the worst tooth fairy. Punches you in the teeth, takes them, and then steals all your money
why this
Stop stabbing
I don't want to clean up the blood.
I'm not certified for this
OSHA would be on my ass
;)
gonna go find a better place to sit than the ground brb
Oh shut
Trigger 29.
how many times can I logistically use the phrase "It's your boy"?
(In a single piece of writing. I left that part out)
yo you
there is nothing in the universe
rip
hey non
divuuuu cockuuu
oh
was it really two years ago that he died?
damn
yes same cock
wow
i'm so sleepy ugh
tuzi that's just playing yourself.
tuzi wtf man
being smol is good
you can hide
um. That's a good question thal
you've been good lately I think
spelt calm down
DOWN SPELT
spelt why this
you could have chosen a different life
the cruel and inevitable embrace of death
has anyone done any new england games besides me?
new rochelle new york, Jyg?
https://68.media.tumblr.com/15333eeb46e7a1fce623f52b1194c24e/tumblr_inline_nzbw895qcV1qhq6jp_540.jpg
!search tribal
(I'm sorry I had to)
(I do believe in the dice luck)
i'll fuckin end you spelt.
probably turn
is firlz dead too
mendez wakes up and suddenly she's got a stack of papers on her desk detailing reports of all the chucklefucks in cleveland murdering people. "oh six more people are dead this morning? extensive property damage? Must be tuesday." (at line 260)
perfect
what are we talking about?
oh that'd be fun
did you flash your tiddies
or did you stab someone in the spine?
their own arm?
come on dive cock I don't do that
oh uh
I mean
shit
uh
you're right.
she was aware of it, tuz
She was trying to cut up her wrists because then maybe they would let her out of the cuffs
and uh. she also kind of thought she deserved the pain. Cwn is kind of fucked up
thalia do you eat nails for breakfast
good job
oh spelt I know how much you love drafts
>:D
hey spelt only I can call yum a chucklefuck
he's my chucklefuck
well i'm like. annoyed with my writing right now so I'm reading sicol bend logs
A shit of luck?
says the man who lurks
thinkers are the worst
You'd be the one to know, proth
"Adjhasjdhasjdhjshadueyrhs"
yeah foss I. Did you not know that?
where tornado is
god damnit I can't remember when we bought Zoup!
Proth put your dick away
I need like. Six cups of coffee
did the episode end, capt?
you played roundabout
the episode ends
buff man punches vampire
Zoup! will rise again
which costume did they end up going with for cheery?
Ah. I was just wondering
boop
I believe it is.
but if you eat there nonagon will bust in and shoot you in the head so
capt i'm so sorry
yes
Do it thal
thalia why do you know so muhc about poisons im concerned
thalia is an assassin confirme
dthank
;)
okay. my degenerate ass is going to bed. Night fuckos and fuckettes
U a 7
I can't fall asleep
Okay. This time I'm really going to bed.
Night
good morn
how you
same
hi vern
he lived a life
drunk?
i will bully you tubes.
also pink I still need to make coffee but i'm around
oh non
someone please make me get up and do real people things
that's probably the nicest thing you've ever said to me non. Are you feeling okay?
okay. I am making caffeine. How is everyone
why are you dying, tubes?
set it on fire
yeah. That was me yesterday too. Go get an energy drink
So I get to class. Sit down. No one's here. Other kid comes in. "So uh. Did you get the email?"
My class was cancelled like five minutes ago
and of course you did thal
tubes. Two rockstars a day? First of all. Rockstar? Really? Second of all. Your poor heart.
ah.
If I find energy drinks in the vending machines here it's amp. which is like. a good third backup I guess. Monster is my true love.
$roll 1d6 wits
fuckle
i have never played a tinker before I'm just fucking around I don't know
Probably similar design to the old one, vern. Just in red. With the cross. Got to keep the ears and tail or Siegfried will be disappointed.
Okay, cool cool.
Yeah. old costume is baby blue, a little supergirly in the sense that it's a leotard/skirt combo.
had ears, tail. Knee high boots, and blue domino mask.
Yeah. They can.
oh my god I hate you all
thank god for no kinky shock collars though
He's a little disappointed tbh
D:
my fiance's penis is very virile thank you.
faust omg
rip
$roll 1d6 dex
Wow i almost typo'd hard tere
there
oh dex is plus one. Huh I forgot
rip audrey 2 poor 2 tink
$roll 1d6-1 why did I dump wits
NO STEP ON SNEK
the hip bone's connected to the
oh no
ah yes anti get "The triumvirate is working for cauldron" right on the ass.
get it in a nice font
and then like. An infinity sign
oh yes
a tattoo of crawler's dong
he is not composed entirely of dong. Just his soul
fuckin ned
thanks tubes
"sorry mom i took apart my laptop, the rice cooker, the plumbing, the stove, your car, grandma..."
anti why this
bone homie pops out
wait are you going to run a game in yonkers?
That's pretty close to my home town.
Where are you from? NY or CT?
The unfortunate state more like.
But there's a stew Leonard's so it can't be all bad
Sell your body
wait what I
I walked in on an imposter
hey meg
I mean. Welcome dough.
ooh crazybread is tasty
rip tubes he lived a life
get punted into the sun, tub
$roll 1d6-1 wits
$roll 1d6 Know
cape duo fish and chips.
"Brexit"
"Pigfucker"
her royal highness, Queen Elizabeth II
brb got to run to the store again.
i drove guys i did it
$roll 1d6-1 soc
nailed it
anti has done it
I did a little bit of it
$roll 1d6 wits
(oh that's -1)
$roll 1d6 I can't remember the modifier acro
come on, skin. Come off
Free me
a little of both, pink.
running around. need to make skin come off
yeah anti didn't you run a bunch of pickups the year or so before i joined?
Dere, when I did a few games I had pre-genned charasheets that I put face down on the table
and had everyone pick one up
anti is good at that
what? you bow? No
yeah dear god. Don't do precogs if you love yourself
beholder. A woman after my own heart. So uh. Eloquent.
a lesbian.
but she also got huge headaches if she did it
which led to "AKsdhakshdakshdakhsd" responses quite a bit.
She also blew up a man's legs
my cape tried to kidnap her. Good times
Spelt you'll be happy to know that rush's death has fucked AQ in the head.
I should have disassembled the phone before the laptop, probably.
tubes is a basic white girl
hey tuz
all right. I drove today!
don't you not have legs?
why me???
I understand blaming thal
oh
yeah
I mean to be fair
http://i.imgur.com/yoJAbcu.jpg?1
I was going to suggest no ragrets
:D
Dol do you regret our friendship at all?
:D
bless.
By the way pink. Enjoyed the session as always!
basic. White. Bitch
i've never seen a church's chicken that didn't look sketch as hell, anti
like. I don't want to get stabbed for chicken
give the tendys?
my only regret in today's session was that I didn't just walk off with the rice cooker anyways
"i"M JUST REALLY HUNGRY AUNT LIN IT'S FINE."
Yeah. I don't know. I think. Audrey probably would be really hesitant to join the wards, because she doesn't want to keep being coddled, and she still has a lot of resentment for Cue Ball because of the video. But I just. don't know if she'd have the ability to get outside without her mom watching her for her to join a gang
and she needs to get with someone quick, because she needs money and materials for tinkering
oh god. Paying malfire to INCINERATE my mother. good plan
"hey guys here's our new ward. Everyone give a warm welcome to audrey!"
"weren't you the girl that tried to jump off the building?"
great plan
Hey. Cwn has that room reserved, thal
oh god no
Bow why
Sveta why this
"Now you can't jump!"
hey man this garbage is nice
my waifu is in here
hey. hey. Don't make fun of robots in front of thalia!
faust no
just do the eyeballs one at a time.
please don't butt chug y'all
like. I don't care what else you put there. but if you want to stay alive do not butt chug
I need a mod i'm feeling personally attacked by buttchugging
beat a man with the leg
"There's all this stuff going on in the city, let's just make sure this girl doesn't jump."
at least they sent Cue Ball and not someone like adonis.
collected the organs
but what about their hatred for the NJ capes, Jygg
lololololol u rite
morn
oh?
oh no
oh no
noooo
I think berlin takes place in 2012? Cwn's stuff is 2009.
she's uh. she's fine. queen's doing great
rudeeee
rip me
you have something you want to share with the class, meg?
have you checked in your recently viewed on Gdocs?
yeah druz
it's on the sidebar
and I agree, bel. Stamina seems unecessarily complicated
no prob
i'm like a Gdocs gremlin so
Don't ask me how to do super fancy things. That's anti's job. But I can navigate it decently
Face snake
snakesphere
why are we just a bunch of dirty rotten memers
though I think the presence of thalia and I ups the meme level
Actually. No. I think I'm more of a shitposter. Thalia would you also consider yourself a shitposter
i thought you were an AI
morn jygg
DIVE COCK
Bow I uh.
That's what I call divock.
I um
look I swear this isn't what it looks like
that's the definition of my entire life, div.
and probably.
I'm a pain in the ass.
(No i'd probably call you by your name. I am a pain in the ass but I'm not a cock)
I'd yell it once. and then refer to you by whatever name you wanted me to call you.
ghetto g-sus is a gem. At least from the one log I read.
dol he gave you a  hamburger
he gave you information
being around people.
Hey cg
morning faust
um I think. I think i might have just called some kind of hotline at work
There was like. Sensual music playing. And the woman was like. doing the sexy voice oh god what did I do
no
she refused to do the survey so
I swear I actually live a really boring life
I spend most of my time telling my dog he's beautiful
he's a good boy.
Get a smaller or a lower energy dog. They don't need super duper long walks. I'm a mess of a person but my dog motivates me to actually not suck as much.
I like to remind him that he wouldn't survive in the wild and I'm the only reason he's alive.
Do you like greyhounds at all? Despite being running dogs they're rather low maintenence on the exercise scale. They're great for people in apartments
and they're cute as fuck too
I mean don't get a dog if you don't think you can handle one. But I found that mine made me slightly less of a personal mess
Can't lie in bed all day if dog needs to pee
yeah. it's really just about knowing your dog and knowing their limits.
Don't put them in situations where they're going to react badly.
my baby is smol and he is not loud nor angry
he just wants cuddles
and his penguin
(though we should probably get back to WD before someone comes and smites us)
well yeah like. I get smited just for existing. Come on wick there's a reason there is the term "Pulling a saff"
Spelt at least I have eyeballs.
I mean I said I needed a cup of coffee but this... this isn't what I meant
hey meg
i killed meg oh no
fuckin fight me spelt.
YOU BRANDED ME SPELT
BECAUSE I DARED TO HAVE TIDDY
and I left because mortal lock tried to get me killed
Cockwomble.
maybe, spelt. Maybe you shouldn't have been in a damn coma
Teatime.
Union Jack
oh. ):
Top hat.
oh I like that one
Sounds like fun, Turn. Has anyone done an england setting yet?
ah a villain named gay bulge.
(I'd be interested)
thalia kills everything
Thalia why
no tinkers 4 u spelt
No more
No more for spelt
http://previews.123rf.com/images/goosey/goosey0604/goosey060400002/382848-Fish-hook-Stock-Photo.jpg
how about this hook?
thalia down DOWN
THALIA NO
thaaalll that kills people
faust no
and you say that I have issues
Twitter.
https://68.media.tumblr.com/aaafa387e6f78bcd8dbd821d5ae37903/tumblr_oknl9rpEA81tm1x8po1_540.jpg
Cwn annwn, probably
hey dol
No don't hide
Shoot who
who's tuzi supposed to psychoanalyze today?
Rip is right. Pink murder Thalia before Thalia murders you
maybe it's a good thing audrey disassembled her computer. "What do if all skin come off"
i mean yes but
who needs to keep track of google docs just let them kind of do their thing
don't fuck the gorilla.
dicks out for gorilla girl
): i'm sorry teller
That was the only one.
....shhh tubes
don't let tell know that
I am an upstanding member of the community.
!search uterus
Not in my uterus, motherfucker (at line 504)
iri audrey is chinese you fuckin racist.
(i'm just joking sorry)
(that came out harsher than I thought I'm so sorry)
and thank god pink. That would be. I think she'd die if all her clothes came off
malfire no. put the tiddy away
are we all stripping?
is that a thing that's measured, anti?
Just a big bulletin board in front of the school tallying everyone's sins
like the ones that are like "Sally read five books"
except it says "Cody killed five people"
why did you throw a naiiil at me, thal
"My skin strips say that there's a 30% chance it's already raining"
basic squad
good morn
is your test today, anti? If it is, good luck!
dol!
Oh. Okay. Wrong days then.
I'll need you on the queen doc at some point today. I'm really struggling with this scene.
sweet
claw, anti is a real life super villain
Claw it's worse than that. He controls an army of four cat
druz don't throw that out please put it in the recycling bin
I'm not your lady, dude!
I'm not your buddy, pal!
i'm gonna stop before bow comes down from canada and smites me
I C A N S E E T H R O U G H Y O U R S O U L
Good job cg
FIGHT ME FAUST
Here I'll run someone. "You walk into a McDonald's and someone blows it up you die. Bye friends. |||||"
I don't know, Vern
We got a newbie?
What did I miss while I was in class
Duck off spelt
Stick around. Have fun. Don't let Thalia bite you.
\o/
Trigger 29?
i'm a martyr.
trigger 29.
Hey I wrote that trigger!
): bow why
Faust FUk u
yep
sorry fam
hey dive cock
shhhh thalia calm down
Please don't bite
Ur mom
I WILL SAVE GIG
and mega's not here to tell me no. Get in the van, kids. We're gonna go save gigawatt
THALIA GET IN THE VAN WE'RE SAVING GIGAWATT
thalia why
I thought we were friends
i'll give you my autograph
IS THAT A CALL OUT THALIA
DO YOU NEED TO THROW DOWN
(though cwn is my only betrayal character.)
since AQ is loyal to a fault. Like ride together die together.
pleasa no frieza.
what flavor?
raspberry?
anti that was uncalled for
apologize to tubes
beautiful
I can't believe you faust.
Welcome, Valence
that one is pretty old I think
read cleveland logs, Valence!!!
do it
that's nice, foss
yeah. keeping up with everyone is a good way to network
(Please read cleveland like. Dude. Anti is a really good irl friend of mine and just praise him ok?)
(also my character opens cleveland and I'm vain)
Good luck vale!
(AQ is my favorite character I've ever played. So I just. Shove her at everyone. Love my trash daughter)
haha.
now I've gotta try to write. I'm behind for the day. :/
Divecock i'm 5'2"
how tall is she, div?
4'9" is the magic number.
Cleveland- Antioch's campaign. The loss of Iron Will, the leader of the protectorate, and the breakup of Blackjack sends the city into disarray. Involves drug addicts, Murderous 53s, and some film noir detectives.
Cleveland has been going on since 2015. And you can really see anti improve and the environment and NPCs are really great. Then you have awesome characters like Megafire as the PRT director, Sahara Mendez. There was Thalia's character, Lilith, who had an unfortunate arc--SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH ANTIOCH
Let me fuckin make you look good
now sit there and take your praise
div you're gonna make me blush
I. Okay i do agree with that. but that's because the initial bits of cleveland are very wink heavy which can get dry.
Invictus' arc, as short as it was, is also a very compelling read
It really picks up once the dust devils get to cleveland and the Auswahlen stuff starts to happen. And then after that it's just a wild ride.
You're not wrong, vale.
The earlier AQ sessions are a little rough. I was kind of trying to test my limits with what I was and wasn't allowed to do, because I had only done non-GM'd internet RPs before.
But I love playing her.
So yeah. it was a lot of trying to figure out what I could and couldn't write, because it was in the GM's domain and all that.
god damnit I'm supposed to be writing. Fuckin. Getting me talking about my characters.
so a tuesday in my house, tubes?
yeah. I liked him well enough
Now how do we break his soul enough that he stays
NO THALIA
DOWN THAL
the opiate of the masses?
hello
yo you yo?
why are we looking for firlz?
XD
I got another message on tumblr asking if I abandoned my big fic. I felt bad. I want to update it I just wrote myself into a fucking hole and don't know how to get out of it
"You wrote a fic that became the bible of your ship. This fic is everything to those people. But you stopped writing it. And now they won't stop messaging you. It's been two years. You think you're free. But then someone pops in your inbox. 'UPDATE??' you trigger."
well um
actually I can't do that we're both too short
and i'd drop you tuzi i'm sorry
I can um. Get a step stool I guess.
It's not very high though. They gave it to me so I can reach the fucking pots everyone put on top of the cabinets
Tuzi and I are just. Gremlins
don't fucking touch me I am a goddess.
hey bow
Trigger 29
oh dear god
Druz did you catch the Saff?
That's something I would say
And I'm a little annoyed that I didn't think of it first
I don't want to fist cam thank you
just marathon jerk session yeah.
:-P you wouldn't
oh thanks tells.
I appreciate you
just cinnamon challenge it.
FUCK ME UP INSIDE
lolololol nice job you cock
hey pupper
pupper has been on and off for a little bit
ah tuzi's gming. good luck tuz
is faust out of a shoujo manga, then?
Faust is a magical girl I'm so proud
that's a theme I haven't done yet.
the power given for trigger 29. I would have fucking magical girl'd the shit out of that
Love me some magical girls
i'm a cosplayer you donut
8====D~~~~
oh no I broke mega. Again.
Fine tell, I'll behave.
you fuckin babies.
if only she could fucking make a spear
I'm just waiting for Audrey's skin to come off in front of her mom
"I SWEAR THIS IS FINE"
while her mom is just. Horrifically screaming in mandarin. I'm assuming it would go something like when my brother got a bloody nose in front of all my italian relatives.
Lots of screaming in other languages.
I like nick
Oh.
It always ends back here.
Is thalia at least with me this time?
u ok m8?
the sky?
Tuzi, speak up so those in the back can hear you
I'll fuck the faerie queen
DO IT TUBES
FUNNEL IT
tubes is in texas though. For FUCKIN AMERICA FUCK YEAH
hell yeah
tru
I mean. IV rehydration is a godsend
Especially when you're hungover to the point where you throw up any fluids you have in your stomach
But I don't want these people putting things in my veins.
sorry tuzi
but it's really like. Bleach and shit
I haven't written any triggers in a while. But I had a dream last night that I started trolling the doc. Great job, Saff.
antioch not everything is about you
oh firlz is alive.
||||
okay cool
if firlz isn't going am I next, anti?
what's your BAC
can we get a breathalyzer?
TOUCH YOUR FINGER TO YOUR NOSE
dear god I feel left out now
i'd pay to watch firlz fall on his face.
Like. $20 maybe
I don't even have $20 bucks
Because I have to pay rent on an apartment that isn't liveable because they won't let me out of my lease.
Tried.
It was liveable. And then I left for a few weeks and it all molded over
I tried for months. The lease is up in july.
Morn
hi dol
oh vern
nothing I was just saying "Oh, vern." like
Oh you silly
don't make that face at me, Vernold.
I would lift you up to the heavens, cogo. but I uh. I can't reach.
Yay Vern
:-P
I mean i'm not doing anything right now.
tru
aiight.
No, I can't reach the sky
that is true on both counts
I think vern thought you said you can't
but you were saying
you can't reach the sky
yes
Katz doesn't have a crush on siegfried!!!
Dooool! Nuh uh!!!
She does noooooooooot.
oh i didn't know reaper was in berlin
Set it on fire
Why are you fighting me???
i'm so confused
why me
cogo don't stab me
But
I stabbed a man in a spine it's fine
XD
I'll kill cogo. I'll feel bad though
I /like/ cogo. He's cool.
I could kill spelt probably
amen
what's going on?
I went away for an hour to watch anime and now there's a witch hunt i'm so confused
Wait spelt is agreeing with non? You feeling okay spelt
oh.
so?
I'm just. really confused. are there people from the IRC in the discord?
I'm
If we keep the two groups separated then it should be fine
Spelt no
well guys we have to burn spelt for being a traitor. :-P
spelt you realize someone is going to edit their doc just so there's a dong on it, right?
Non you know me by now
yes lurks?
is what me, lurks?
oh. No
I'm not even on it
mishie shut up
thalia i'm gonna throw you and mishie off the niagara riverfall.
wow mishie.
fight me
tru
i'm sorry
I'll go back to being a small anger gremlin
I wouldn't stab vern he'll kill Katz
if I stab spelt the worst thing that'll happen is... nothing, really?
maybe
but i can't afford a plane ticket to germany
i guess I'm blaming Ell too.
Are we burning ell?
everything
night, fuckos
heyo
!search peen
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel. (at line 331)
:)
Always here to help
how is everyone
I know, pink.
I agree wholeheartedly.
technically neither did AQ. She just crippled jetstream.
she's not dead though
She's still flying around
Killhand threw a man in a rend hole
tru
Queen was also a minor.
it wasn't a hobo, druz. it was terry. One of her men
she has never actually killed a hobo
killhand was held back by incompetent teammates
pink oh my god. I forgot about that. Jesus. Now I can't take wink seriously.
kill is also held back by the fact that she has borderline personality disorder and can't take a lick of criticism without flipping out
mariachi music plays in the background
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand.
XD
oh good spelt's not awake.
Shhh CG
I'm trying to be nice.
I could never take wink seriously
but imagining him as the princess bride priest makes it worse XD
just get fro-yo while naked
It's fine.
Mishie. Do you need a small chinese girl who wants to stab things?
Have your people call my people.
Can either of you throw people? Audrey can be thrown.
I just need materials to tinker with and I need you to not be freaked out by the fact that ALL MY SKIN COMES OFF
God damnit
Heh. If you think about it. The white girl is the main character. She's got the minority sidekicks. One of them wears a lot of layers. It's a disney channel sitcom.
bitch, I AM the loli sidekick
Look at my pigtails
Fuckin fabulous
who needs social
Meg don't you only have like. One arm and three fingers
that's like. Average height for a woman
but I don't think audrey wants malfire hugs
Thalia isn't real.
Sorry meg. I know you were on the edge of your seat. Oh. shit. He's falling. Shit.
:-P
I'd say make me. But you're my boss in cleveland so uh
I'll try not to piss you off
Can I spike the punch bowl at the christmas party though?
Just. Don't confuse your eyeball for your asshole, I guess.
at least you still have an asshole?
bel why this
hey. Don't knock the hobos until you try them
;)
hey tell
): how did your test go, Anti?
omg scrags
Master/Breaker: There is always a bus.
BAD SPELT
Cup, is this true? Do you know what you did?
Dive cock
dead, you?
the chat has been dead today. Is everyone ok?
faust I fuckin
you have too few children to be making dad jokes
bel no
!search dame
Hey!
D:
She wouldn't do that. She doesn't want children.
Katzenklaue is the only one of my characters that actively wants children.
well thal I mean her ex husband made her miscarry.
because a cat girl cape is sexy. A dog girl cape is a furry
and Cwn annwn is dog themed.
wait
shit
I AM NOT A FURRY
):<
I'm not a fuckin furry.
HONEY I SWEAR
that's what I call Divock
it's like um. Dive kick? but it's uh. Dive cock.
Fuck you, Faust.
she's sucked dag's donger.
oh I broke pink sorry
okay so no one is gonna ask yum invasive questions about me good
ah huzzah. Pink lives
ur the nerd
Morning fucks
none of us are people.
hey dol
:)
het meg
*hey
hey thal
fuckin straights.
is this why you won't let thal and I form the Gay Team?
why are we analyzing my typo
GAYVENGERS ASSEMBLE.
Fleetfoot, Cwn Annwn, Lumina, Undine. By our powers combined we are... THE GAY TEAM
http://justbadpuns.com/post/157823084321/justbadpuns-my-drug-dealer-cracks-me-up ~Amphetamine Queen, probably
hi bel
IT'S THE FUZZ. DOL RUN
):
!search peen
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel. (at line 331)
you forgot to break the bottle, bel
no one is going to scram unless you break the bot--I stand corrected
Drink it all, then break it
God damnit, bel
and an air of "Oh god maybe this time her heart will explode why are you injecting pure espresso into your veins?"
:-P
"Hey Mendez it's Cwn would you be mad if I ordered a box of 50,000 spiders to set free in forgemaster's lab?"
yeah I'll just get them from mishie
oh
shit
um
well then I have bad news for you, Director.
*Screams come from the basement*
I'M SORRY MY DEX IS SHIT, BEL
Not everyone can have perfect dex
Some people, Belaris, have fucking fucked up hands.
BECAUSE SPIDERS
hey Cogo
I DRINK ALL THE ENERGY DRINKS
I stay off the 5HE though. That shit'll kill you
words there was one night. when I was a freshman, the dorms had 5HEs in the vending machines.
And one night my friends all decided "Let's drink these things" they each drank one.
One thought he was having a heart attack. One fell off of her chair. The last got a spontaneous nosebleed
and that was a message from the gods that I shouldn't drink the fourth one.
been a dry week
B U R N
"I want to run detroit" pink says. All of pink's players vanish into the aether
i really just want to write but I need anti to do that right now. Oh and I'm /supposed/ to be studying
we're kind of co-writing an interlude for AQ
Amphetamine Queen, words
basically I'm in a segment where I need anti to work out the mechanics of what's going on.
Because it involves a cape fight and he's better at powers and the like.
I also just. need an opinion on whether I should finish a segment or scrap it.
Druz the way i'm writing it is. The transition of the three years between cleveland and Indianapolis? so there are like. vignettes showing what she's doing in the time.
:-P hurr hurr durr tubes
I did, druz. It crashed and burned because I suck monkey ass
I don't give a shit about mechanics. I only care about telling a story.
Like I honestly just. Can't tell you how any of the mechanics are supposed to be done. And I don't get caught up in them
So when I ran new haven it was a lot of my players being like "Hey should I roll?" and I'm like I don't fuckin know???
it's not really in the spirit of the game, then.
eh. I'm also shit at balancing.
It's just. It's not something I'm interested in doing again.
right i'm supposed to be studying
:-P what i'm getting from this druz is that you just really want me to run something
just not my thing. I like playing. I like writing. I don't like running
but that's because anti had already conscripted me
So yeah I feel a little bad just telling people to wait
because I didn't have to
that's the fast track way to do it
if people know you're serious about staying they're more likely to let you in
the problem is we get all these newbies in who are like "I WANT TO PLAY" and then they don't contribute to anything adn then disappear.
but yeah. so it's this weird balance between. "We need to be more welcoming to newbies because they leave a lot but we can't get too attached to newbies because they leave a lot"
and those people who start running games are more likely to stay because they're involved in the community before they play in a game
I think a lot of people leave because they feel alienated
true true
some people are just flakes by nature though
and there's nothing that'll stop those people
fairbanks is full of murderers? Sign me the fuck up.
I CAN CHANGE THAT
Murder is my middle name.
\o/
god damnit i'm supposed to be studying.
um. well this was just a one-shot but anti did run one where it was a team of mercs and I believe Bel played one?
we had an unpowered cape hunter on the team. I just /think/ bel played him
okay. That's what I thought, bel
at one point I started writing a backstory for those mercs. I ended up dropping it though
what for audrey, pink?
this protein in my notes is called "Bag of Marbles" and that sounds like either a shitty band name or a shitty cape name.
$ trigger
yeah that's tinker no doubt
maybe sliiiiiight stranger. but Tinker is the main
(Dear god do I not want to study so much that I'm helping with a trigger?)
i hate genning in general.
bow said ding dong.
no, justlurking isn't on right now.
harming friends. Loss of money and job.
wow firlz lives
can i just send in emojis
number three? I like this one a lot
i chime in with a haven't you people ever heard of closing a goddamn door~
(I'll stop i'm sorry)
firlz we're trying to do powergen i'd really appreciate it if you took your peniscopters elsewhere.
:3
do we vote here or in PMs?
ping me. I'm studying in another tab
o7
oh my god XD
I mean stim addiction is a fun flaw
you got it, druz
:)
Damn that combo of flaws. I'd kill to take that.
Actually. AQ has stim addiction and I kind of write her to have adflictus after Auswahlen.
but yeah you're spot on druz that's a total me combo
okay. Back to sex determination in mammals for me.
everyone is scared of making strangers, i've noticed
Oh no i agree
taking noobs is a huge gamble
anti has been dead all day
I don't know. He had a big test yesterday and was like. Megadead from it.
But I don't know what happened today
I haven't heard anything from his fiancee and I briefly talked to her today. So I'm assuming he's just busy maybe?
Or she has him tied up in a closet Idk. It's a coin flip, really.
hey tuz
nublet?
nm, tuzi. Finally getting to fuck off after a long day of studying
I know what you meant, spelt. It's just. a silly word
oh my god.
DO NOT BOOP ME
Monk, you should probably look into IRCcloud if you keep disconnecting like that.
I think they're talking about the discord mess, tuz
O.O
But why? There's already a system
Like. I just. It all seems incredibly poorly thought out to me
What
I'm. did I get fucking drunk off of that dumpling sauce?
I'm just. What i'm getting here is that. The GM couldn't say no to people. Then they fucked up the ruleset so much people quit.
so he decided to... make a whole new system?
O.O
like. The normal system works... this IRC is proof of that.
and 30 players is ridiculous. I just. You can't make a compelling story for 30+ people. It just. You can't.
no, lurks. At anti's peak he's running three people on IRC, playing in a DnD session, cooking dinner, and grading papers
30 people sounds like a bunch of screaming into the void.
Yeah. I think A) it's disrespectful to pink
and B) Honestly I'm a little annoyed because it seems like you just came in here to rile us up.
..... Then why is the doc open to edits?
firlz you've missed out on a lot.
yeah I agree with pink
it'll be 2 years old in may, anti.
Yes sorry i'm a 1 year old.
I'm 22, wick. :-P
been here on and off since may 2015 as well. A little after anti though.
don't do it.
yes
HE HAD IT COMING
HE ONLY HAD HIMSELF TO BLAME
so, will there be a new channel made for DD?
Dear GOD firlz.
XD
yes yumgar
yeah, zan?
You called?
you... you pinged me?
Is there a reason you pinged?
Or did you just say my name to say my name?
Oh. I just use the term we were using.
I don't care what you call it. I just think we're getting super off topic
and thal hush you know i love you
O.O
yeah y'all need your own room
because I'm so not down for hentai shit in here.
so yeah. That was a thing that happened.
okay but. Maybe the WD shat should get back to being about WD? there's a game going on...
bow for once a ping from you didn't make me shit myself.
I disagree, Zan.
maybe #Discorddice ?
All right. have fun.
Mishie, being brittany is suffering.
Not the guy who has one harm and three fingers left. Not the girl whose skin comes off.
Thanks, bow.
join (No space) #Khepridice
where did my slash go?
Good job wick thank
Yeah. Random triggers. While they aren't my favorite, force you to go out of your comfort zone
I  NEVER would have come up with a character like Amphetamine Queen without her trigger being rolled.
(and her luck too)
like. It just makes you try different things. And that helps you grow as an RPer
You can't always be a dwarf cleric.
ruin?
Ruin.
Ruin is my favorite
the end of times, spelt
mishie are you just running around... invisible?
oh dear
I know that she triggered when her dress ripped at the dance or whatever
ya that's cool and everything but does your skin come off?
D:
Faust why
snakeskin is cogo, right?
damn. I can't even be like "I'm the better one" because cogo is a gem.
I did remember being mentioned in his last session. As the um. "Crazy chinese girl who made a scene?"
it's not audrey's fault she's so sad. ):
So. Who goes to what school?
I haven't managed to get that straight.
All right. So there are three.
at this point who knows how often audrey will actually go to school either.
"No mom I can't go I'm um. I'm just really sad today." *Tinkers for six hours without remembering to eat*
I know.
she's a shitty tinker who can make ONE thing.
my tinker stuff?
oh dear
Ah.
I'm. I'm still really self conscious about it. I've never played a tinker before and I'm trying to figure everything out. But at the same time it's hard because she has no materials to work with
Yeah. I just. Idk. I'm always self conscious of myself? And it's different than my normal character driven play style.
So I'm hoping I'm getting /Audrey/ across enough while also getting the tinker mindset
yeah. it's hard to do stuff when you have three chinese ladies breathing down your neck all the time.
Mother, aunt, grandmother, spelt.
don't tell his fiancee that.
(She's way prettier)
(though she proposed to me first.)
she was drunk.
I turned her down
sorry anti she wanted me.
anti firlz is trying to marry you
but the sentence "Is mishie still naked" is WD relevant
#antistories
so, is mishie still naked?
how's your fro-yo
has /everyone/ tasted her froyo though?
remember, Mishie. If you let everyone taste your froyo then there won't be any left for you.
all that's left is a used up cup
Jygg you are correct
kick them out of the game.
I don't have any sympathy for metagamers
if you're not the head of the game, bring it up with the head of the game
Honestly I'm not down for metagaming/godmodding/whatever you want to call it.
my fiance will literally just kill off any of his players that he catches doing it.
It ruins the game for /everyone/
that is definitely bad metagaming. Bring it up with the head
When I modded Tumblr RPs that's something I would give someone a strike for.
Depends, chub. When you planning on running? I can't do anything right now, but I might be open to it?
what time zone are you?
Oh dear. One of those.
uh
it's really probably a matter to take to your GM
yeah
honestly. go to the GM. That's all you can do
yeah idk. take it to the mod/GM/whatever. that's what they're there for. It's not really up to you to bestow punishment i guess is what I'm trying to say
Now. Chubster can you tell me a little more about the game you want to run?
so.... is that pacific time?
okay. yeah. I was trying to math. I didn't realize how late it was
thalia down. No breaking people.
but chub it sounds interesting. I might be interested.
thanks thal now i don't have to take my test tomorrow
):
There are logs for most of the campaigns
Anti gave a good lowdown of the major ones the other day but I don't have his descriptions
I've only read a few logs for sicol, but it was really good. Cleveland is always going to be the one I recommend because anti is a good IRL friend of mine.
night anti, you donut.
every campaign has its own rhythym and schtick.
*rhythm
cleveland is a city of mad tinkers and upping the ante.
thalia is a sad tinker, yes
Are there any dad tinkers?
it was kickflip
but he left.
no mishie don't put things up anit
but yeah. Cleveland is. Cleveland is the campaign i've spent the most time in. so i'm super partial to it. But it is a lot to take in.
Arc 0 is really rough, both on playing and GMing. it starts to really pick up once Auswahlen starts becoming more apparent, and jetstream gets shot.
yeah. that's one thing you need to know about me, Chub. I'm kind of a murderhobo
thalia that wasn't my fault.
chub I've played. A villain. A villain who had to join the protectorate to avoid jail.
A cat girl who tried to be a hero but stabbed a man because she was told he was a villain.
And then a 15 year old whose skin comes off.
AQ was a villain, thal.
Though now she's more of just a merc. Career criminal yes. but it's less chaos and more capitalism.
I mean. She and shades traveled around the area for three years. she probably ended up in detroit at some point.
lolol AQ going to school.
ur funny, mish.
chub, for context. Amphetamine Queen was my character. Mover/brute. Sixteen year old girl with a drug related trigger, then she rolled stimulant addiction.
So, druggie McDruggerson.
joined a gang because free drugs.
And then she got REALLY high and shot a protectorate cape mid air. In the chest. Point blank. With a .45. that had armor piercing rounds.
she went to prison, got busted out, and now travels around as a merc with her mentor.
oh hey cogo
how you
ugh not a double. that sucks
tinkers
the cleveland room, CG
All right i guess. Two tests this week so. stressed.
being brittney is suffering.
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/mgrJAdfFu70/hqdefault.jpg
heyo
hey meg. How you?
eh. Got a test today. but i'll be slightly more good after
he's got some research deadline coming up or something? So he's been busy.
vern
hey dol
Good morn Faust.
Hey cogo
I don't want to fight CG. I /like/ CG
and that would involve you and tuzi being on at the same time.
We could do that, Faust. hm.
katz is fine she's like. SO fine.
IT WAS THREE
THRE TIMES
oh hey vern here's an article about katx
http://www.theonion.com/graphic/kitten-thinks-of-nothing-but-murder-all-day-9783
ms
*me
damnit I haven't had a gyro in forever
cogo this is all your fault
I already did yesterday. I bought a ridiculously overpriced smoothie for studying
kind of?
amen
like sucks COCK
WOW VERN
WOW
PULLING OUT THE MURDER CARD
Only. Only. Um. Cwn. AQ... Vortex... Katz....
ONLY THEY KILLED PEOPLE
!search a blu blu
look, vern. Every handles heroing differently
never
N E V E R
I don't have a fuckin villain character right now. Damnit. That's irritating.
i mean. anti /did/ just describe cwn. She's not cut out for this protectorate shit but she's here now so she has to conform.
It's delicious character development.
megaaaaa
yeah. Cwn's story is fun because it's. She's trying to do a 180 even though she doesn't even really know who she is anymore.
She hasn't really felt comfortable with herself since her trigger. And just. the hero/villain dichotomy and trying to fit a mold is just. really hard for her
yeah, xerx. But someone like clockblocker who questions the system would be a little more interesting
and :-P fight me, vern
anti are you around?
ah
bow's running a one shot?
interesting
watch i'll get him to do it.
hey vern
damnit vern you fucked it up
that isn't true at all
idk
vern go back to bed.
valence isn't from the discord they came before the influx
VERN GO SUCK YOUR COCK
and i'm not dying in berlin
i'm gonna be a good kitty.
Oh shit vern
Oh shit
You know fucking what. #WDNewHaven let's go.
(I'm kidding please don't)
no i'm not seriously running new haven
i don't even remember who my players fuckin were
eh. The problem is I just. I really don't care about mechanics and balancing which is a problem
My ~running style~ would be more like. Rping or telling a story back and forth
(direct it to me~)
has anyone used Memento Mori as a cape name yet?
Ae.
*ace
god damnit.
oh hey chub
lots of people just kind of lurk
everything happens so much
!search non vital
!search torso
damnit
!quote 347
Thank you
hey look some people only have one kidney and that's okay!
~Cwn annwn, probably
hey dol
anti gtfo
I need a white dad name
daniel....
I already have a daniel here though
I got one.
God I hate. Having to write triggers from powers.
oh that's right um. I might be doing a thing.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit?usp=sharing
yeah. I'm. At the moment I'm like. Really really self conscious so I kind of cherry picked people
If I feel more comfortable later on I'm gonna open up a few more slots. There's a queue put in place.
but atm i'm like ahhh
Because there is a HIGH chance that I could vern this
for what now?
oh
well. You also made "Pulling a saff"
pulling a saff, thalia, probably involves dick jokes
thanks dol
>////<
I've already picked players but um
I'm sorry if you cry yourself to sleep, non
i'm sorry i'm sorry. Look i'm just. really self conscious and this is based in my home town and I'm probably going to vern it anyway
what number flaw is ruin?
thank
Um. Um. Is anyone around for a powergen?
Um. We can do the new one I guess? Gosh. Um
VERN SHOVE YOUR HEAD UP YOUR TENDER ASSHOLE.
My tits will not be calmed.
they're not. They're so not. I'm really nervous about this tbh
but if I don't get on with it I won't end up doing it.
So do we have enough people or??
Okay. Faust, roll it up I guess.
Do you want it, faust?
It does kind of infringe on the grey area of being too rapey. I'll let you roll again if you want.
Yeah. Because it does kind of toe that line. Very few people want to touch it
So yeah. Just PM me power ideas I guess?
Ah, okay
agreed
on a call 1 sec
yes]
does anyone else have anything to PM me
yeah I have a doc and I got your pm drom
sorry I'm at work and some lady wanted to do the survey.
right?
so if I disappear for a few minutes it's because someone wants to be a nerd
I've gotten three powers so far. Is anyone else going to submit?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Otlnt0EAIRkf0wXwZJUsVk6oe-AnySLZyADlwCYstgA/edit?usp=sharing
Okay. Let's discuss power 1
sorry anti
I agree with tell
yeah. as i'm. Not planning on leaning too much on mechanics so I think this just doesn't really fit my GMing style as much.
and yeah. Okay then. Power 2?
bork bork
No objections. Lets move on
yeah. narrative heavy mech light
Moving on is fine. We're on 5 now?
I think it's got a cool aesthetic.
on a call
I really do like 5
yeah. Consider the coconut
Er. Six and seven rather
hey hey hey. As much as I love clowning on spelt.
not everyone does anatomy stuff, mish.
anti
please stop plugging things into your bodies
Yeah. I think ghost doggo is cool too.
are y'all just picking doggos to try to pander to my interests
I really do like number five
um. not yet I don't think?
But I'm ready if everyone else is ready?
okay. so. Are we going for a hybrid?
okay. Um. Can someone give a writeup, I guess?
five big
all right faust congrats
Pls omg
I'd piss myself laughing
Damnit faust
MUTATIONS~
I'm not. Ah. Do I have to pick?
oh thank god
kind of. I did get another call but I had to run out. Bucky is sick.
for what?
Sorry I'm super distracted
Just reroll it sure
I don't know I'm sorry I'm just. I can't focus right now.
I'm sorry. Ugh.
the problem is I can't /do/ anything. Yum is taking him to the vet but i"m stuck at work
I don't have a car here
Just give me a second to collect myself I'll get it done
There's nothing I can do about it. I can't leave campus.
Absorption seems fine
brb 1 sec
Mecha doggo
Gonna grab food and find a place to plug in
Roll ruin dear god
back
Here I guess?
Hm. That's a tough one. I'm going to veto... incontinence i think
faust omg
I know right
Is nick okay to go? I don't want to take everything up with gens
okay then. Nick, you good?
all right. Also anti i'm adding the bit between detox and Milwaukee. Gonna start adding some stuff
ye
it's like the peanut trigger's sexy older sister.
ANTI NO
and yes.
themes then send me ideas
faust you got your power stop succing :-P
oh no it's tuzi
yeah pm all shit to me
thay I'm a her.
and we've been doing voting
I've got... Five powers
anyone else got any?
yeah
hurr hurr lurk. My Vanc power was awesome.
i can't belieb
oh HELL yeah
okay i have six powers now?
anyone else gonna submit
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pZ-1IFegH0FwVeYqYfuS78zZ7v3nce1_cXp1JGfMTGo/edit?usp=sharing
So how do we feel about power 1?
yeah
yeah. Number 2
!search slam dunk
the knee bone's connected to the
do remember though i'm running more narrative heavy
so complex mechanics don't really appeal to me
are we still on power 2?
power three. how do we feel about this
Okay. I've got to go in half an hour so should we look at four now?
I don't want to do vacuum stuff because a villain in town already has a vacuum power
So I'm gonna veto that one.
Five is interesting, but I don't know if I like the fact that they have to constantly replenish the acid?
And again it's a little close to another villain, who's an oozer.
Okay. so final thoughts on five?
faust is it like your peen?
Okay. So, can we move onto six because I really got to go to lab soon
power gen fulv
six is my favorite. I /really/ like this one.
I mean. Skin is already constantly regenerating
like. Every time you move pieces of your skin come off
the dust in your home is mostly fuckin skin
But yeah. I really like six.
but i really need to go to lab soon so let's hurry this up. ANything else to say about 6?
yeah
seven
let's go
it's fucked up as hell
first you give them gross acne from hell, well
Yeah
Okay. Can we move into voting. Because I have eight minutes before I need to walk across campus.
Okay. looks like six it is
Nick you wanna roll luck?
OH MY GOD
this is a fucking hysterical flaw combo
no one respects you but everyone is so fucking hot.
I love it.l
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit?usp=sharing
okay. I've got to go to lab. I'll see y'all later tonight. Thanks for helping. I'll have more probably tomorrow or this weekend.
dude I thought everyone knew I was a girl
I talk about my boobs A LOT.
I'M GOING
Anti it's um. Norwalk not newfolk
anti enjoys killing me slowly
Yeah. What are the options?
Sorry I'm in lab
yeah i'm here
if anyone wants to do thal and mishie's
but i understand we're all burned out
okay. if everyone is down we can do you thal
Sorry CG!
I didn't know yours was still going!!
please look at my friend he is good
yes
Ganbare, Tuzi-chan!
you ready thal?
why is everyone so obsessed with traps
yum is here for you thal so
yes
roll thal
ehhh
ehhh is right
thal you can reroll if you want
I'm really /not/ feeling this trigger
the new one, tell
non you complain about a lot of things. If you didn't complain I'd worry
Breaker/stranger would be interesting
thal i'd probably give you a pass for that
could be a little tinkery? but eh.
so are we ready to start submitting powers?
cool. Start pming me stuff
i've got six powers. Does anyone else want to submit
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1C5PBYshkLZUoBps3AyJ3WddCEmg_c43_-aIZkFnzxd4/edit?usp=sharing
go nuts
tuzi is taking the reins
I liked that one well enough
five is pretty cool
i am a fan of rending
but a 20 foot radius seems a little big to me?
or is it 20 foot diameter?
radius
so 40 foot diameter
I like the power though.
Shaker strike.
power six reminds me of one from when anti did meatspace games
and that's not a bad thing at all
Though I do worry that thalia would make some crude jokes about what she's doing with said power.
yeah okay
that's.
that's rough
yeah.
i don't want extended chase sequence plus um. Throat ramming. That'll get repetitive fast
mishie made me put it on there he threatened me
I really like three
ooh i like that idea.
brings a whole new meaning to Boxer.
I like three.
a mix of three and five could be interesting
yeah. let thalia go nuts
she's gonna roll ruin anyway
I like dog marks
thal can roll luck if she wants
oh MAN
I was hoping thal would roll ruin
I still find it funny that thalia rolled soma as a perk when SOMA tried to kill her.
night tuz
I rolled it a few times while doing luck for NPCs
and I was like really this shit
again
now we know why thal's siblings were salty
some kind of shroud? Maybe a minor strangery kind of thing? Idk
yeah. not too much of a range. Like a dog tethered to an outdoor leash
i hate powergen so much.
can someone just write up the power before i rip my hair out
but tubes you're not drunk enough to rub
*run
I'd um. Pour one out for you but I'm out of booze
http://pastebin.com/ir27qr5k there thal
oh firlz is alive
I feel like. every time firlz pops in it's that scene from community
where troy walks in to a fuckin fire
Like we could tell firlz any fucking shit and he'd believe it because hey he just got in
Hey firlz we've spent the afternoon genning powers because i'm running a thing.
Does firlz believe me? Probably not.
oh yeah firlz?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit?usp=sharing
I kind of really wish that opened up to just "BAMBOOZLED" but
no it doesn't.
-_-
i'm not having a mental breakdown this time though!
new haven happened like. Right when I got cut off my meds.
and I went bonkers and got kicked out of my parents' house.
thanks dive cock
good morn
i'm so sleepy
my sleep schedule is so fucked up
I haven't been to my 8AM in over a week
Fuck my ass i'm shit
hey dol
I hope so. I need one last one done too.
god i hate gens
dol yours was easy. "here anti I need some cauldron shit i don't fuggin know"
I hate every fuckin gen. They take SOOooooo long.
and like. The new process helps in some ways. but it also drags it out SOOOOO long
that's why we don't let newbies have nice things
(I'm kidding i like newbies when they don't leave)
Dol!
i do what i want
I kind of agree. It also seems like it takes FOR FUCKIN EVER
I mean. two of the three gens for my game ended up being combined powers anyway.
maybe?
That sounds like it could be itneresting
yeah. I agree, pink
unless you're mishie
then you just start submitting absolute garbage and blackmailing the GM until they put it on. XD
"Looks like a pupper. Woofs like a pupper"
but. I'm out of poop bags
oh my GOD my roommate's cat won't shut up
i get it, bitch. You want attention. Go lick your crotch
i'm allergic, van
I have a normal dog
i'll make u naked ;)
yea
mishie go to bed
go to sleep
Trigger 29
yeah
Yeah to non not to mishie
I don't know what gorilla girl's deal is
dog bomb
anti made nick's power.
I can't remember who submitted number 5
yeah anti
iri made number five.
yeah I like that anti
we just need ot make sure it doesn't go on for two fuckin hours
is maelstrom a taken cape name? I feel like it should be.
damn
hey meg
how you
crying because I have a test today
same
Vern want to take some of my misery?
yeah. still need to do mishie's but he's a fucko in australia or whatever
so he's not fucking real
hey cg
how you
\o/ nice
hey tuz
morning bel
Who got that trigger?
does tuzi /want/ to shrink katz?
oh no
....
anti why are you like this
mack on the bitches
i'm so smol
he's talking about your donger
because you know. You're a homosexual.
Apparently.
that's uh.
sorry
drink some gatorade or something.
I DIDN'T DO IT
i'm sorry
):
katz isn't very small. I think she's average height?
i only need. One more Npc power and then mishie's gen.
oh no
Why does. St. Elmo's fire have such a stupid name.
it's such a cool phenomenon.
but fuckin. Elmo? Really?
would you take a villain called "St. Elmo's Fire" seriously, druz?
because the only thing I can think of is tickle-me-elmo
that too
and the movie
love that movie
Druz AQ was actually a joke name
I was FB messaging anti
and was like lol what if I named her amphetamine queen
and anti was like "Thats' her name now sucks to suck"
three snake gets mentioned in the queen interlude anti and I are writing
actually anti I need to talk to you about somethin
wow anti this is getting gay
Cwn's announcement I think
bork
vern you really like the idea of collaring the kitty
though the character is more "Liam Neeson screams with dog"
I'm just waiting to see what mishie gets
just starts turning over every stone in town. CAROL ARE YOU HERE?
does he still have eyeballs, spelt?
spelt bama is yum's family's yorkie
):<
his full name is Puppy Puppy Al A. Bama.
bama hates bucky's fucking guts, spelt.
you're the worst, spelt
I mean faust
Oh my god
I read spelt from my last commnet
jesus fuck
accidental clowning.
I apologize
i'm soooorryyy
):
!search branding
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 523)
ouch anti
why we clowning on the katz
when will mishie be alive
heyo
oh where oh where has my mishie gone
because he applied before cogo did
And I thought cg had seen it but didn't want to apply.
I know.
he doesn't have any eyeballs.
and I'm kind of interested, chubs.
I'm CST
yeah. A google form is pretty sweet.
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSduz_gVKuBGM77a7TRme6eRPrrnE9l3cCJ9tKcaFBiMyId7Ww/viewform?entry.1141425295&entry.860130547&entry.1827151247&entry.1216479984
just as a sample that's one I made
firlz it's. It's an example.
firlz i'm concerned by your wits 0.
just do what makes you happy!
i mean my first attempt at running a campaign i literally had a group of heroes called the meme team
exactly.
like. Do what makes you happy and if people say shit, pee on them.
A series of unfortunate oneshots
Violet is more of a tinker
thalia i thought you were already a lizard person
YOU
Who killed tuzi
oh
MISHIE YOU"RE ALIVE
can we do mishie's trigger y'all
this is the last one for my shit.
I'm just ready for it to be fuckin over
oh. okay. Sorry I'm just. It's been a lot, I know
Mishie roll it
don't really see thinker. Mayyybe stranger. but def changer.
Themes. I think we get the self loathing.
Rejection too?
The new One I think, bow? As long as it doesn't take two hours.
So yeah. Just PM me ideas. I'll give y'all like. 15 minutes?
Because I really don't want this to take 5ever.
14 minutes now. :)
10 minutes...
Um. One.
maybe fifteen minutes was a little too... little. I'm just. Yesterday exhausted me with 2 hour long gens
I have three. Does anyone else have any ideas?
also y'all like. This is a more narrative heavy game so I don't need crazy mechanics
I've got eight powers. are we good to start discussion and voting?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pKy4IrJNFbuH89e00x92JqtJzkW_kIW3eeqxw5PDmFM/edit?usp=sharing
so we want to discuss number 1?
I like it. I think the aesthetic is really cool. But it is super complicated.
reminds me a little of invictus.
Yeah. I don't really like the limbs one.
Definitely like the angel/bird themed ones though
because it hits all those delicious religion buttons
Mmm it tastes like sin.
So we've talked 1-4. How about five?
So is that a no to five?
How about six?
six seems a little complicated?
Yeah.
i hate you all.
Number eight?
or should we discuss the power suggestion "Is gay"
That's called my friday night, Thal. ;)
But anyway
eight.
yeah
it's like. An ethereal penguin
rid I AM an emo. We've already got puppers and magical girls and dry skin. If we're gonna round out my PCs being facets of myself we need an emo kid
yeah
Let's vote
I like 1 if we can simplify it a bit.
I'm not sure, shade.
are all the votes in?
because 1 has five votes and 2 has 2 votes
2 primary?
Oh, are we counting all votes?
Ah.
Can people PM me their votes because I'm getting bogged down with them being in the chat.
I can do that, bow
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pKy4IrJNFbuH89e00x92JqtJzkW_kIW3eeqxw5PDmFM/edit?usp=sharing
put your votes in the box with the power number I guess?
that's how i end up with scrags putting pooping dogs on my docs
Last time it was just normal dogs. Not pooping ones. But still.
Are all the votes in?
color coding also makes it easier for me to count
Speak now or forever hold your piece
*Peace
jesus
I need another coffee god damnit.
3
2
1
done
Power 2 is the winner
GOD. D A M N I T
it's not good friday
good friday is right before easter.
i swear.
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/LIVYOgKt/
Take your fucking power Mishie
night spelt
yes
yeah
Go for it fam
Damnit I wanted you losers to get FLAWS
Not most. Two. Out of five, thal.
So I have. An evil magical girl. A doggo tinker. A gay angel. The ashiest dude in fairfield county. and a doggo bomber.
and a GM hell no.
yeah. It doesn't explicitly say gay. but it's heavily implied.
and if mishie went straight I think it would be a little bit of a cop out. Of course. It's mishie's choice but. Narratively it isn't as interesting.
it would have been doubly funny if mishie had rolled ruin
"I'M SINNING SO MUCH"
different effects for the wing stabs i think?
bow and you say I'm the lewd one.
Mishie does have a point
Mish do you want to reroll it?
:-P
yeah
Re roll it mish
SPIN THE WHEEL
ugh this one again
roll your d6, mish
Oh. eh. Just take the face thing I guess why not.
yeah thank god.
We /can/ do it, guys!
pact dice I think, tay
proth
oh god don't get me started on sequel titles because then bow will like. Show up at my door and stab me.
it doesn't hurt to be nice!
hello Ram
oh I'm sorry, bow. What is your preferred method of killing me?
O.O
:-P
Why this.
Come on. He didn't do anything to you.
We are.
How about them dice.
I've always wanted to go to canada...
but yeah I've got everything done for my setting! Just need to like. You know. Actually run it. And not cop out.
):
night anti
anti you're a fuckin nerd
hi!
What brings you here!
Yeah, reck. Most of us are in the US and it's getting late here.
faust you're in alaska
That doesn't count at ALL
but yeah, reck. I'm planning on running something tomorrow during the day if you wanted to spectate. Though. I've only GM'd once or twice before so it might be a total shitshow.
cool cool! Just try not to judge me too much. I'm more of a player than a GM.
mishie is in australia it exists outside of this reality
they shall inherit the IRC
we usually just benadryl crumblesnatch it. gets the point across
there's the /rules command if you want some other guidelines. But basically like. Don't be a dick. Same as normal life.
But yeah for anyone who's still here I did manage to finish all my NPC stuff today!
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit?usp=sharing
Uh I don't know. Anti did it
I can check one sec
orbitron?
thank you panth.
M comes before N
the descriptions are simple, to the point, and a little crass. perfect for me.
Panth I worked at a country club. This is how these people dress.
We once. Oh my god.
We had this pair of golf pants come in
and they were. They were bright pink. With panda bears on them.
these were men's. Golf. Pants.
I sent a pic to a friend and she thought they were a thirteen year old's pajama pants
http://i.ebayimg.com/images/i/151826730418-0-1/s-l1000.jpg
THESE WERE THE PANTS
they were club legal, faust.
night nerds
heya
uh. maybe? I don't really know how tinker tables work tbh
hm, non?
uh good luck foss
anti are you still IRCing from the shower?
Anti how do I register a room?
it won't let me reg the norwalk room.
It's not listing me as one right now.
Hm.
isn't that the best?
Okay. Dol, are you ready?
Game in #WDNorwalk oh god I"m actually doing this
thanks spelt.
I'm gonna like. Cry a lot probably.
what are you putting up anti, Mishie?
hey chub
Games in. #WDAuterville and #WDNorwalk if i recall correctly.
yeah anti i've thought about that. Do queen and shades wear any ear protection are are they just. Blowing out their ear drums?
Okay thank god.
Because I was thinking about that
and I was just like. "Dude they have to be smarter than that."
Actually I know something that might help!!!
Omg
Okay. Charahub.com
Go there. Start logging your characters. Helps you with characterization
It basically does a lot of what I do when people ask me for character advice
They never email you.
https://charahub.com/user/Purplepoctopus
I guess you're right, Anti.
I just love me some charahub
I use it for all my characters. Helps me organize them.
They firlz
*hey not they
Yes, claw!
I have several characters set to private
Jack. Ask me questions about cwn please.
Yeah. her mental issues don't even stem from her trigger.
most of them come a little more from the mutation that came from her power
And how people treated her afterwards.
Depends on how you play it.
yeah dive cock
#WDNorwalk
It's a website where you can log characters, div
https://charahub.com/user/Purplepoctopus
There's mine if you wanted to peruse.
and you really need to think of a character's motivations. Damnit. Anti I know you said to drop it but I'm like.
okay yeah no now i'm done.
yeah. I'm not. Picking that up.
No I mean
I'm not picking up what you enjoy
I have similar feelings to anti. I enjoy playing a character, escaping. Watching them interact. I love NPCs. Like Queen's interactions with Shades are my favorite.
No
But then again I usually craft compelling characters that everyone enjoys so
Like. idk. I just. Think of an idea. Write as much as I can.
Like, if you look at my character sheets I word dump in the backstory sections.
Give their parents names. Siblings. Pets.
I basically know how they'd react to most things before they're even played
and obviously that evolves
Cwn starts off as very insecure in her first session. She's trying to hide from the world but also survive.
Then (and these sessions are lost to meatspace) she gets more sure of herself. Pulls on this tough and caustic demeanor to keep people from doubting her. You question her orders? She throws you into the rend hole.
And then she starts... doubting whether that's what she wants or not. She gets rid of coldhand. She has the incident with player one and starts facing consequences. And you see her start to shrink again.
And then she loses everything when she joins the protectorate. She feels caged, and broken. Like everyone around her is excelling and perfect while she's wrong and broken and evil.
So her motivations come from that.
And on top of that she has borderline personality disorder, some PTSD thrown in. And Anxiety.
Trigger 29.
Trigger 29.
Yes ugh. I love watching my characters grow
that's why I'm writing that interlude for queen. To see how she grows and changes between Cleveland and Indianapolis!
like ugh. I'm just. I'm balls deep in this development. I love it.
Hey BS
All right. Running my first session of Norwalk.
(real talk. Am I doing okay?)
Don't think so, BS.
best way to get into a game is by running a game first. But that's like. super daunting too.
I may look cool and collected but right now i'm like. "PLEASE ENJOY MY CONTENT"
thanks faust.
I'm. I'm extremely daunted by running your character, faust.
Thanks faust
yeah go ahead and watch
Aiight.
oh? Thanks bs!
>///<
Bye, faust!
Rend is my favorite type of wound.
<3
kinky
thalia why are you like this
$lesser rend
hehehe
Running to the store real quick
Wait are we still discussing trigger 29
Jesus fuck
Jack. No. She's a little girl.
Okay I'm back.
yeah. jack obviously doesn't want to implement our advice so I'm not going to give it anymore.
You don't even want to know, fulv.
run cwn annwn.
:-{
Have you never seen a cwn session before, jack?
D:
tru
for most of them
first log is up
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MfTBWvqOb97vvZzRAMDJQwzU_TS7a3VMKJCWfzWGV4o/edit?usp=sharing
shhh thal no kill pls
$roll 1d2
did we kill thal?
that's got so many layers I don't know if it's an ogre or an onion.
Frustration. Self loathing. Confusion.
:D
yay changers
just get drunk tubes
uh
yeah that. um.
not at all.
it's a dog
like.
literally
bork
I can't believe I'm fucking. Witnessing dog luck
if your dog rolls ruin, faust, i'm gonna die.
okay
damn
ruin dog would kill me
literally?
bork
but yeah ruin dog would. Dear god like. You finally reunite with your daughter, faust. and he mauls her to death
No. NO. We are not FMA'ing here, faust.
you are not combining the dog and the girl
faust why don't you like. Try out some normal alchemy.
SHE'S YOUR DAUGHTER
maybe that's why kate left you.
):<
literally the worst
you fucking memers
double dog dare you
night everyone.
good morn
!Search bwanding
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 523)
morning mish
yeah
though. I understand genning powers is hard. I can't do it for shit.
(I hate power gen so much I cried over my NPC list for a few hours before Fiance came and helped me)
I know it's not my strong suit. But i'm better fleshing out characters. So I gave him a list of names and some rough themes and he came up with powers.
and then I added all the backstory bits
fuckin three snake
god damnit I love detroit.
fucking three snake. You've got the ward who'll like. Rip apart half the school if she thinks someone is cheating on a test.
You've got whatever the fuck Cody is.
yeah. not everyone can be Hero. Some people just gotta be fire bear.
Trigger 29
how does a six year old know what the fucking elder gods are
No one's screaming. I think everyone's just tired of you asking for advice and then you just shit on it and hand it back to them
no one wants to help you anymore because you get defensive whenever someone offers advice.
no one was telling you you were wrong yesterday. I gave you several resources to help develop character. I gave you some of my methods
and you just.
shrugged it off
I gave you other ideas too, dude.
firls with his wits 1
bless
I'd take the character too. I'd have fun with it. God damn playing a fucked in the head little girl would be so much fun.
\o/
:-P fight me bel.
Mr. "I don't need powers"
honestly I'd pay to watch bel's unpowered guy beat up my six year old.
XD
lol firlz no I really don't want children.
bel that's a bottle of scotch in your hand.
pupper tinker, bel
bel omg
!search hate babies
!search saff hates
write this down for all time. Saff hates babies. (at line 503)
I should make you roll soc for that, faust. But i'm terrified you'll maul the nice man.
I'm just glad you didn't maul nik oh god. He used to give me ice creams when I'd visit with my grandma.
I don't really keep in touch with anyone from home except my family. So there aren't many old friends to kill. Just a few old people who are still around that are friends with my grandparents.
but yeah it's legit where I grew up. I kind of made the setting as a way to combat my homesickness
rip walloped
People who don't know dog breeds fuck things up all the time
I once had three people stop me and tell me my dog was a pekingnese.
*pekingese
One literally just came up and was like "Oh I love pekingeses" and I'm like "Wow that's nice this is bucky he's a shih tzu"
they are.
but some breeds are cooler than others
is that bacon in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
thanks mega. yeah that's my game
teller likes killing people.
Invictus had a great death scene too
Coldhand went out like a chump though.
ouch
he was so close to second triggering though
which was like. the cherry on top of that mess
Lurks omg
and he decided the best way to handle situations was to um. Cover himself in ice and katamari away
HEY. Killhand did a lot while coldhand was in the coma.
She robbed a gun store and a grocery store.
hmm.
He ate the potato salad?
are all of y'all in the HPIA just. Blackout drunk all day?
dear god
rat boiiiii\
hte triumvirat.
Ratgend
but you won't let him on your team, meg
his parents, probablu
I'll rend him!
Oh.
but.
Can we put together the Gay Team?
mega come ON
you won't let me rend ANYONE
I'll rend Caitiff it's fine.
Ment?
):< typos
pink has a thing about fingernails.
Thanks faust!
Now.
Um.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SwTMyURG6xRGYbU2oEwWKR8H831d0f81AQqW2Kk2XzY/edit?usp=sharing
PHO thread~
you'll have a smartphone now?
decently enough! I'm not freaking out as much as I was when I tried doing New Haven
And yes anyone can post in the PHO thread.
I'd encourage it.
Two sessions down. oh man. I'm excited to see what direction everyone else goes in.
yeah. it's linked on the norwalk doc, thay
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit?usp=sharing
mega are there camera's in my shower?
*cameras
oh. Oh good.
the face, duh
I mean
I like making nick cry, yeah
is tgk finally gonna get deaded
XD
That flaw was beautiful
"hey ma'am do you know where the bathroom is?" Thalia: "GET TURBOFUKT"
oh yay!
$roll 1d2 dead|alive
SWOL RAT SWOL RAT
cogo is pretty awesome.
#WDcleveland is going on right now. And Cogo's game is too.
oh yeah god damn I forgot detroit was going on too
sorry pink
yes
literally the entire town is blowing up
like. All this shit is going on just. at least it's too early for the simurgh to show up
oh good. He can't hit Cleveland.
shit
oh gosh
you can eat like. A bagillion of them
and sometimes they give you the shits
Cleveland: The city of the mad tinkers
COGO NO
come on CG hold on
GANBARE COGO-SAMA
god damnit this is. Fucking
if my session is as nervewracking as this I might need to knock back some of my special reserve wine.
Otherwise cwn annwn is gonna end up like. Ripping someone seven new assholes
develop immunity to bullets by shooting yourself with consecutively bigger bullets every day
yeah the crawler method
DON"T DIE FREDD(IE)Y
I'm stressing so hard. Fucking. Cleveland tinkers.
holy shit.
holy fucking SHIT.
like. God damn
Now I'm SUPER nervous about my session
Holy shit I'm freaking out y'all. This is like having sex while camping. Fucking in tents.
like I cannot look away from this trainwreck
Like. Holy shit anti
I'm getting the feels like. Like when you ran that Bayfield oneshot with Murmur.
Take you out then shoot you.
oh my god
god damnit
oh my god
anti are you sure that's not just those caffeine shots
yeah holy shit
like. Mad props to you anti. You've always been really good at the suspense and stuff. But this is especially like. Wow.
same. holy fuck
like. I'll be so upset if dodger or rat boi die holy shit
i cry
goddamn what mish?
what was Khandhas' trigger again?
dear jesus
holy SHIT
Anti. Anti this is some like. WOW A+
Like I don't even know what to say
this session is such a treat to watch
like. Holy shit. This is one of the reasons i'm seriously glad to call you a friend. You're fucking brilliant.
Invictus was so awesome.
Like. Damn I hope I get a session this awesome. Like. Anti and I have been doing some real good shit with amphetamine queen, but this. This is like. /wow/
you finally redeemed yourself for the dust devils fuckup
the fuck off laser
:-P back of bel, I'm next you mooch.
yeah. wow. like. claps for everyone.
dags just like. drinks the entire bar
jesus. The HPIA is a pretty dangerous place to work
and yet dags still hasn't triggered.
I'm just teasin ya, bell.
danny and katie go to white castle.
also thal. once you get your character sheet done I can basically run you any day.
same
wait oh man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn_iz8z2AGw
I forgot
There
yeah, but you didn't have /me/ in it, firlz.
poor freddy watched like. Two people die in front of him, and another get impaled.
like. freddy you need a shrink
didn't he move to new york?
if she's still alive then you got fuckin fried and everyone is still going to die
Now. I just have to fucking stop Caitiff and Cremator.
no. he's probably okay
burgers and fries
i need to get to bed. Night guys.
ay
hey dol
yeah
dude I was awake for the whole thing
hey vern
VERN
NO
nick why
letting your sister's friend die like that
I didn't do anything. ):
hey tuz
not much. coffee
you?
oh you codying today?
mack on some bitches?
SAFF YES
Saff does what saff wants
AINT NOBODY GONNA STOP ME
(except maybe tuzi. I respect tuzi)
so. Cleveland was a doozy last night.
like. Shit was INTENSE, tuz
Cleveland is already going to burn, Spelty.
ugh. Last night's session made me pumped for mine, and also TERRIFIED.
the Protectorate has been losing hard lately. What with gigs getting kidnapped and everything.
I'm just worried that Forgemaster and I won't be able to stop Caitiff.
Spelt
I'm allowed to remove his legs.
But I can't kill him.
oh yeah that'll be fun
make him like. A tinker chicken nugget.
I'll do the same to his crew. make it a six piece happy meal
but the prize is one of forgemaster's shitty statues.
but he can still run with no arms
I'm not allowed to kill.
Mega made that VERY clear
I'm just worried that i won't be able to hook up with Valiant
u rite tubes
Spelt
And I WILL tuzi
I'm not killing anyone on purpose
He's probably going to bleed out anyway.
Let's be real here.
that's what the containment foam is for
look. I do what Mega wants me to.
which is seal the exits and keep them still while they get foamed down
I think they transferred tremor
yeah
hey faust
Oh MYG FUCKasdha
Faust.
I swear
Rocky's picked something up that he shouldn't. "Rocky, drop it!"
sick beats come out
Please
dear god
what on earth happened to cody?
and nah firlz. I think the alarm is caitiff trying to bust into the holding cells to get cremator
god damnit cody
hitting it and quitting it
firlz one sec
I'll grab it
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1yKxsvCTl2SFQaAmXwWn48T78IPXM2wjYCd0H0LIRW2I
vern why
oh shit
pink oh myg fucking
yes
the slow vern
sorry I'm playing fucking. Love live.
yep
XD i was about to say
great job cody
Oh shit is malfire on???
Macking on bitches
God damn I love when anti gets out the really convoluted insults and phrases
My favorite was "I swear to god, allah, and scion's fucking crotch bulge"
Did CODY JERK TO MALFIRE PHOTOS
God damnit Cody did you jerk to the cwn ones too?
God damnit
😩
Anti how many people have seen those pictu--pink omg
Hey des!
Welcome to WD
!search tribal
Oh I agree that non is a wizard. But we don't say that around non
where's mega when you need to discuss the PR pros and cons of releasing a protectorate sex tape.
ah valiant. She knows what you did last summer.
AND SHE'LL PUNCH YOUR FACE OFF
Verdict right
got my v's mixed up
oopsies
Yeah. Sorry being racist against V capes
cwn is a little old to bang verdict. And I think verdict would have an aneurysm being in the same room with her.
to be fair, tubes. Texas. Though y'all did have the best donuts I've ever eaten. Your bridges are fucked up scary though.
gotta love the franzia.
when are the arc 18 logs going up?
oh my god
fucking tinkers
"Oh no I accidentally turned my car into a nuke"
anti on a scale of one to tubes how drunk am I going to have to get for my cwn session?
"I don't know mom sometimes my skin just comes off? It's a teenager thing you wouldn't understand!"
audrey doesn't even know if she's gay. She didn't really have a plan past "Jump off this building"
She's got a lot to figure out and it's really hard when you've got new super powers and three chinese women who won't stop cooking you food and hugging you.
Audrey is like. Really the only character I've been stumped on. Mostly because she /could/ go in so many directions but there are limiting factors to each. It's a matter of working around restrictions and stuff. And I'm enjoying it. I love the character. I'm just not sure who she's going to be just yet.
Like. First thought is join the wards. Okay, but the protectorate is the reason everyone knows about her "Condition." Bad memories, bad thoughts. Okay. So go independent. No materials, no money. Okay. Go villain then? Can't leave the house because last time she did that alone she tried to kill herself.
I'm interested to see how exactly she turns out.
): Audrey's already so broken. Poor sweet bab.
The only thing I can think is start skipping school. But then the school calls her house. And then we get like. The smackdown.
thalia really wants me in the purples, doesn't she?
Just take the apartment... and PUSH IT SOMEWHERE ELSE.
mishie you're too busy being naked to talk.
But yeah. I'm really excited to see where Audrey goes. And hopefully she'll get a spear up and running soon.
fuckin cody
mackin on bitches
mishie beat me to it god damn
it was cody's favorite toy.
but maybe now cody will realize that sex can't buy you happiness
it just buys you herpes.
shared contacts?
Audrey doesn't have a dad
I mean. Technically she does. He's out there somewhere. But he left before she was born
I don't know if we ever decided what audrey's mom does. But I think we've mentioned "Picking up extra shifts"? So probably not an office job.
And grandma is old.
Yeah. Shit you don't mess with grandma.
Never ever. Goddamn. I made fun of my grandma once and that resulted in me getting justin bieber memorabilia for three christmases straight.
yeah...
night anti!
I can do that, pink.
ugh i need to get my sleep schedule back on track. Night everyone
What's up dickbutts?
:)
oh cool!
hey mega
You missed it. Last night we were discussing the pros and cons of Cwn releasing a protectorate sex tape for additional funds.
He does
Jesus fuck
You've got cokeheads. You've got former murderers. You've got whatever the fuck feral is.
like fleet and valiant are the two NORMAL members of the squad
Forge is a hermit
and undine is. Fuckin undine.
oh and then sirocco who thinks he's a fucking knight?????
Like.
Y'all. Our protectorate is fucked up.
but mega i'm gonna stop caitiff i'll show you
And I won't even take my top off.
poor guy
hi divecock
hey dol
and firlz i didn't see you there
yeah holy shit.
how many people die getting hit by the fuck off beam?
just think. You could have died in the baby swin
*Swing
the gayest angel
I have him.
I'm running nick today, which'll be fun. need to up my skin joke repertoire though.
anti she threatened to cauterize your dick off
poor nick. he got the most flaws out of my PCs.
you just don't get to sit at the big boys table.
game in #WDNorwalk
luna moths.
they have no mouths.
I used to be obsessed with those things as a kid. I went through a lepidoptery phase.
Nick you don't even know.
the fucking pain I had to deal with.
I shut that kid down HARD once. Oh man.
The motherfucker. He wanted to be the leader of our mock senate for civics. And his reasoning was that he was going to an ivy league school for lacrosse. And I had made the joke before with my friends so it had been in the back of my head. And I fucking. It slipped out. And I asked him if he could even spell ivy.
And he got quiet and I led the senate.
The one badass thing I did in high school.
the only time I stood up for myself. and it was by accident.
I'm trying to remember what books we read senior year. But I'm drawing so many blanks. I didn't read a single book in that class out of SPITE.
I had an issue with it when I was formatting faust's logs. There were a few areas where it just. Didn't realize that there was a change in poster? So there were huge chunks of stuff that was blended between faust and I.
Um Yeah I can try.
edward dickhands.
$trigger
oh fuckle.
ac is alternating current, and dc is direct current.
Me, capt
what did I get?
interesting
$luck
HELL YEAH
$roll life advantage
$life advantage
$roll 1d6-1 soc
$life flaw
$life flaw
$life flaw
I think i'll veto cultural gap?
I'm so pumped
after all the trigger 29 stuff I finally get to be a fucked up little girl
oh log for session 3 of norwalk is up
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1k1e0brxJy0SC-09AlE44ElRe41QBWlWf1-5nue2bdPs/edit?usp=sharing
nick i didn't make you do a single dice roll.
I can't wait until nick gets into his first fight with the pirates. That'll be fun.
and lurks, she extracted it from Kusakabe.
I think kus would love to eat meat if he could, lurks.
But you know. That darn stomach tube.
so pumped i get to play a little girl oh fuckin hell.
$roll 1d6 wits
NAILED IT
$roll 1d6-1
Nailing these rolls tonight
i;m not DEAD MISHIE
I DID NOT
nick's a pirate now
you're wearing a leather jacket nick. Maybe that's why they don't respect you
BARNACLE IS BEAUTIFUL
I'm in a pawn shop and the lady inside thinks i'm a runaway
No lady i'm just fuckin lost these aren't tears I'm. I'm okay.
pink to be fair. I kind of forgot that flip flops aren't a september thing in most parts of the country
okay I think one of my favorite things about running sessions... I like picking out the little quote for the log page.
):<
Like um. like she sounds more scared than actively inquiring. More of a "I'm lost did I end up in a dangerous neighborhood" sense than a "Yo lady whose territory am I in?"
anti you always pick the most colorful ones for me
How many of ones from my sessions have "Fuck" in them?
Actually anti. Something I am curious about. What is my fuck total. Of all my cleveland sessions, how many times did I use the word "fuck"
you're right. it's just something that would be interesting to find out. but neither of us are doing that fucking math
did tubes finally drink too much
"Local Hero Cue Ball called to rescue small chinese girl again. You'll never believe what happens next"
>///< I'm sorry, pink!!
noooo
you're not wrong
it's. Accurate?
for a second spelt I thought you were talking to me. And I'm like. "Dude I /didn't/ jump"
just don't touch my eyeballs pls
I don't have any tech yet. I have a kitchen knife, a toilet plunger, and some ice cubes
oh fuck
oh fuck
My skin is gonna come off isn't it
there goes my skin doo doo doo doo
faust oh my god
this lady just wanted to help me instead I wrapped her in my skin
though. The normal thing is to get into someone else's skin suit. Not put people in yours.
true, tell.
Fifty dollars for a fuckin ceramic cat? Yeah no. Fuckin. Smash it on the way out.
$roll 1d6 is that plus one?
NAILED IT Y'ALL
I'm so fucking good at this guys.
\o/
sorry lady i'm having a panic attack and there's skin going everywhere
Probably a sports bra. Then leggings and maybe like. An underarmor shirt?
And comfy panties
like get the kind with the silicon on the butt parts so they don't ride up.
*silicone
you just don't want your skin rubbing against the metal
And I recommend a sports bra for all female capes. Keeps everything down
oh god
what did I do to this poor lady
benadryl is your best friend.
pink oh god how bad is this lady getting fucked
$roll 1d6
that's a minus one
damn
nick became a pirate
nick maybe this is why you get no respect
cody's kind of a dick
banged a girl and forgot her name?
oh i'm sorry. he's done this many times.
comma comma comma comma comma chameleon
spelt like.
A dog—no, a pupper.
that's the em dash
I had an addiction to the em dash for a while. And then I had a love affair with the semicolon. Now I just have a comma problem
nick nooo
same.
OH FUCK
WHY
SKIN NO
I know
I need to build this thing.
I'M SORRY
"Oh god my skin is coming off someone help me?"
Queen is probably the most well adjusted of my capes.
She's just. A drug addict with PTSD. But she's /trying/
queen is my child I won't let you slander her like this.
Queen doesn't do LSD. She does. Coke. And Speed. And sometimes heroin. And some designer tinker drugs.
yeah holy shit.
I've never done drugs. it shows in a lot of the queen stuff.
i'm gonna kill the shit out of caitiff.
I MEAN. Not kill. Maim.
just drop her back at her apartment with a pat on her pigtailed head and be like "Well bye."
):
I'm always in gay baby jail
Unfortunately for bucky though the gay baby jail is now defunct.
the entire bedroom is his gay baby jail. but we have it marked as "Beware. TURN BACK. DO NOT ENTER" instead
Night nick
$roll 1d6-1 Soc
WHO NEEDS IT
hey BS. I'm all right. How you?
Pink is running me in #motorcity . I ran norwalk today.
pretty cool. The logs are up. Nick joined the pirates
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1k1e0brxJy0SC-09AlE44ElRe41QBWlWf1-5nue2bdPs/edit?usp=sharing
literally the shittiest pirate
wow thal
wow
bringing up the fact that cwn is missing a kidney?
RUDE
yeah div. How gay
Thanks for the session, Pink. I had a great time!
hello
morning dol
Anti what's the subject?
Cwn Annwn is also another cool visual one
Oh i agree dol. I meant more on the visual power part
Oh dol! Did I tell you!
but yeah the unpowered section should just be Bel's face and a bottle of scotch
mendez is the iconic WD director for me
six cups of coffee on her desk
but yeah. AQ shooting jetstream would have to be in there somewhere. That's like. Classic WD.
hahaha but can you include an image of malfire considering she's tits out all the time?
Faust.
Also faust I named my little girl cape.
god damn feral. I think Queen will forever be haunted by that woman cramming a grenade down her throat
he was, anti.
and dear god nick.
though. It is nice to say that I've been inside of feral.
I've been playing around with this for mockups at least heromachine.com/heromachine-3-lab/
I try to draw all my capes but I'm also suuuper shit at drawing.
Who needs kidneys anyway
Not cwn annwn
I'm sorry I have snout
God damn though pink. Poor Audrey and her skin.
thank god for that. I don't need any more naked capes
But it was just horrific enough, Pink. I loved it.
;)
Hey faust should I take sex appeal for daisy chain?
:-P
I took. Deception and willpower I think.
Which both fit an 11 year old from a broken home.
"No mom I didn't break the vase. And No mom I'm not crying It's fine everything's fine."
I need to draw daisy chain. because jesus I love the idea of this little redheaded girl skipping around in a party dress and sending people fucking rocketing to mars
Cape uses Striker ability to mark a target. Target doesn't have to be touched, but has to be within arm's reach. The target can be a person or similarly sized inanimate object. The target shines slightly, and anyone looking at the target (and the target themself, if it's a person) has to make a Wits check to notice they've been marked.
After a target has been marked, people who come within arms-reach range of the target are marked with a secondary version of the mark that doesn't spread by itself, but is still visible with a Wits check.
The cape can trigger the primary marks at will, removing them and causing the primary target to be launched in a direction of the cape's choice. If the cape marks multiple "main" targets (eg. marked directly by the cape), they can trigger their launches separately. Everyone with a secondary mark is tied to the primary target that spread their mark to them,
and when the primary target they're linked to is launched, all secondary targets are launched in the same direction.

The force of the launch is sufficient to cause mod. bash in flinging people into the air or into an object, and in the right circumstances can do more. The cape can mark and launch a primary target at the same time, launching the target away instantly after touching them.
sorry dol!
but yeah it's basically turning objects into rockets and then sticking people to them
And making them go ZOOOM
She's 11 years old. Cartoonish is perfect.
it's gonna be fun. She just needs to figure out a way to get out of her home. I want to go like. hard villain on her. Have her get picked up by someone and get fucked in the head.
No.
Usually my characters get picked up and unfucked in the head
Queen is.... debatable. Shades is ultimately a good influence on her mental health but she also is dependent on him to the point where I don't think she would be able to function if he died.
Anyway my class is starting. Be back in a little bit
oh hey meg
we were talking about you before.
Na. Just about mendez
we were talking what WD character examples we would use in an official manual.
And we suggested mendez as the illustration for PRT director
so we were breaking it down into characters that worked for various classes.
Like Rainbow Idol for stranger. Cwn Annwn for striker or shaker.
(anti suggested amphetamine queen for reputation rip me)
I mean it was just an idea. I don't think anyone's planning to do it yet
It'd be cool though
hey vernold.
VERN
WHAT DID I DO NOW VERN
oh good.
oh man. I love vic.
Omen would be cool for changer.
yeah. the more visual powers are easier to portray.
Rainbow Idol, Cwn Annwn, Omen... Who's a good blaster?
Candela is cool.
Who would be a good brute?
I'm torn between Dags and Schuyler for unpowered
Vern I can't draw all of them ahh
Uh. I only read like. Helen meeting ghetto G-Sus and then you meeting um. What was the villain team?
I didn't get very far
Vern it's illustrations for a WD manual
why is there a chibi simurgh and why do I love her.
her scream so small
I will anti.
Yum would be so proud to hear you say that megs.
hello synth
don't listen to vern
FUk u
:)
there's nothing going on right now, rat. Probably some stuff later in the day?
You can probably read some logs while you wait.
Anti are you running nick today?
Oh okay. got confused then
nah. Pretty easy to pick up, especially if you read logs
honestly the best way to get into a game is stick around. Keep coming to chat. help with gens. get involved in the community
Yeah. If you read a few different logs you can see the differences.
Vern has really awesome pacing. Pink throws in little jokes. Anti will dig into character's skulls.
I've only seen a few of teller's so I can't comment too much.
Yeah
teller does
Dol is a gem.
I. I'm a hot mess.
:-P
yeah. I'm waiting to see how nick accidentally dies
You joined a team of pirates. You better hope you don't get fucked by a cannonball.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit?usp=sharing
my campaign just started. So there's not a whole lot.
yes jack. She is an evil magical girl.
Dol is pretty great. Her next session will be a hoot
and you're liam neeson, faust.
and she uses that kind of imagery as well, jack
It's mostly the magical girl tropes of creating a costume, having names for your attacks. Poses.
I enjoy your pacing. I think you do it extremely well. Whenever I have a session with you I feel fulfilled but also it doesn't take all fucking day.
madoka Magica is good. Sailor moon is a classic.
:-P hush you dol. I love your sessions
get in the robot, faust
Faust you cock
fight me
god. daisy chain is going to be so much fun to play.
Gonna make them all go ZOOM
:)
Yes but i'm not /stupid/
she's 11. she just wants to make people get away
:)
notice murder is not on her list
again. she's 11. She needs someone to actively shape her into fucked-uppedness.
because her only goal right now is "find somewhere to live that isn't home."
I mean. people who take in runaway 11 year old capes probably don't have great intentions
:)
vern hush you enjoy me.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO
ill stab u
37 times.
Domino mask, I'd say
Something like Sailor V's?
http://comicsalliance.com/files/2014/07/SailorV01.jpg
Bright bubblegum pink
i want to know how all these capes fight in wigs in the wormverse. Because jesus christ even my good quality cosplay wigs get FUCKED from me moving around too much
No I mean
the fibers get tangled
I can keep them on my head fine enough
but they tangle something awful.
The wig I had for C.C. (which granted. Was a crappy one) was just. Oh fucking hell. I kept that thing in two elastics the whole weekend and it still just turned into a mess
I can't imagine /fighting/ in a wig
yeah. still. The fucking fibers. ugh.
what
what did I do
Oh did I do that? Ha. I just picked may randomly. Sure. Birthday trigger.
Yeah
Running away from home, almost get smished by the water tower
happy birthday maddie!
no that's my
my character
Maddie Audette
sorry vern
_seen Luna
i ruin everyone.
That's rough, buddy.
vern you love us
I'm just a pain in the ass.
Have a holly jolly deathmas.
we're approaching christmas in cleveland.
are you gonna time skip at all anti?
or just play through the next three arcs straight?
oh shit
uh
cleveland is over guys uh
firlz broke it
yeah div
11
She got "Family drama" as a flaw
you killed the final boss
oh shiiiiit
we're all here to shit on ratboi
ratboi just has nightmares where every single member of the wards and protectorate just laugh at him
ouch thal
welp
Ruuuuddee
But you didn't expect me to defect?
Piiinnnk
She's not thaaaat much of a backstabber.
Anyway. In the protectorate I think cwn is getting the help she needs.
Yeah anti
You
Oh whose session Faust
Ayyy
faust no
nick?
hey anti i'm finally home. You free to queen a bit?
vern why
I SAID "QUEEN" Q U E E N
NOT QUEEF
IN WHAT WORLD IS THERE A CAPE NAMED "AMPHETAMINE QUEEF"
pink no
Pink's going to be the one who fucks over indy's PHO stuff isn't he?
You fuckin nerdos
true.
Why does everyone think cody's a girl?
didn't show up naked at first? Where's the donger?
WHY AM I KNOWN FOR FLASHING????
But the No Respect flaw means /other/ people don't respect you, not that you don't respect yourself (at line 474)
I do hold down shift.
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 47)
I never use caps loc
ah ace. Wonder what ever happened to him.
I'd like to see bel working as an insurance agent just running around and processing claims for when fuckin capes destroy someone's house.
!search bwanding
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 523)
hahaha you're right. oh man.
Dol and I have like. Opposite problems. When I play heroes they end up being villainy. When she plays villains they end up being heroic.
oh hush you, spelt.
nick you're less of a secretary and more of a bitch boy
i'm still bummed no one rolled ruin
fuk u spelt
Same
bork
ur silly
see you broke pink
Xhibit, I guess.
Faust is a doggo tinker that works for one of the most organized serial killers.
lurks I do. They're awesome.
and really faust?
Oh yeah. Good ol scott
oh. Scott is shanking people.
whelp.
i need to draw daisy, but I also need to you know. Study for this test
like fucking rip me
XD fulv
everyone's like. Got these cool concepts and I'm like in the corner with the world's shittiest tea party.
playing with it a little bit, tell. Looks like it's not taking out the PM/AM timestamps
tellergram.github.io/log_formatter.html
stop trying to stab cg ):
my raws are from irccloud as well, anti. Weird.
Maybe.
what is that discussing, Anti? The powers?
Longinus scanned my rifts?
Something something "You said taint"
Oh. Damn. I forgot about the grocery store
yeah
it was a callback to Vic
Because that was what vic said before he fucking killed himself with a broken bottle.
God. I need to read vic's sessions again
oh man. They're good.
One of the highlights of early cleve
I ran half a session of zips.
Faust I love how you incorporated my brother into this.
iri, faust has incorporated part of my character's backstory into CG's character's story. I'm just tickled.
My older brother is a thuuuug.
Someone call bonesaw
Let's do it.
Faust oh my god.
That sounds like the name of an alcoholic beverage
yeah.
I mean
look what khandhas did the night of the devils raid
night meg
yeah
what power did the girl get, faust?
oh shit.
Freedoooooom
her boyfriend hits her. And tried to shank miguel
God damnit I love writing stuff for amphetamine queen, mainly because I can get away with sentences like this "For the love of fucking. Jack Slash’s third goddamn nipple.”
D:
we ever get confirmation as to the number of nipples possessed by the slaughterhouse nine?
tru
no
unless you're jack slash's third nipple.
So I was drawing my cape for Local and. Damn. I forgot that this is 1996. A little girl's party dress is gonna be like. Heinous. Who the fuck let the 90's happen?
https://img1.etsystatic.com/071/0/11471755/il_340x270.811391333_22p8.jpg
like. Maddie is going to be running around in /that/
it'd be more similar to that than to what I initially had in mind.
CG shank daniel. Shank him hard.
born '94. I don't think we got it together for a bit. Early 2000's had some ROUGH fashion too.
just hope they don't fuck it like they fucked the powerpuff girls
I didn't mean like THAT faust
jesus
rip dallas. the original WD meme
fuckin redline
night nick
hahahahahaha
audrey.
okay you got me there faust
she a bitch.
murder!
messy though
I think i'm gonna sleep. Night nerds
heyo
hey dol
oh fuck spelt.
Traaaassshhhh
I need to get into the cwn mindset for my session today gah. Maybe I should chug 2 monsters instead of one. Hype the anxiety level. XD
:-P
i don't want to explode my heart
2 monsters will give me the WORST anxiety ever
true. But anti will like. Take six of those caffeine shot things
And then chug a gallon of arizona green tea
like. Anti gets these. They're like. Coffee pod things?
but they're. I don't know
I don't know what they are
But I've found them in his car and apartment
hey thal
I pulled you out of yum's magic cards this morning.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Mh5MA92D/IMG_4796.JPG
nah. I just picked up a pack for my fiance while I was getting a monster.
I don't play at all. I just open packs and listen to the lore a bit.
I do like chandra, Div. But Liliana is my wife.
Yum wants to do a couples cosplay. He'd be Jace and I'd either do Chandra or Lili. Not sure which yet. It'll take a lot to do it.
but we're getting off topic.
I like our thalia.
behold. The murder gremlin
man though. I'm so pumped for this cwn session.
Finally get to prove myself
though god damn where's mega when I need him
I'll rend his legs. :)
Yeah. I basically need to keep him from moving while the foam sprayers go off
oh yes i'll just bitch slap caitiff
"hey cockmonkey!" and just. Slap him.
Knee him in the balls.
Hamstring him with some rends
then make a rend cage around him while the foam goes off.
part of it would. I wouldn't have it go over his head
make it more like a. like a pen of rends so he can't move while the foam gets him
http://www.midwestpetproducts.com/files/1950949/uploaded/524DR_dog_lrg[1].jpg
like that
but the pug is caitiff
and then the foam rains on his head
And druz I think it keeps the blood in.
because they foamed tremor after his legs got blown off
and he didn't bleed to death
I'm containing him
not killing him
Mega said I could /maim/ him
arms might be too much spelt. I'll see if I can get away with just legs
but one of his friends could build him new arms
better arms
I think mega would be upset if I rended his dick, thal.
"Oh wow this man in our prison is missing his cock and balls and has rend damage. Wow I wonder who could have done this?"
HE'S BLEEDING FROM HIS CROTCH THALIA
"Is that what happened to Dante's arm?"
poor dante
he just wanted the 20 bucks, spelt.
that's not how death works. Unless you're an ancient egyptian
https://68.media.tumblr.com/90145d0b062f3670e5ac76727d6cd8e5/tumblr_ogjdbb0i9J1vi3bo0o1_540.jpg
Cwn Annwn probably
bork
is cg about to get mauled by a chihuahua?
bORK BORK BORK
yeah
Yeah. I get what you're saying.
Like we kind of touch on some of the secret identity stuff with Cwn Annwn but... It still doesn't come up too much other than the fact that the public knows her civ identity
Hey. hey. I didn't mean to tentacle that lady
D:
No I'll um. I think I'll stay away from verdict.
wake me up inside
damnit cg I was about to ask
Scar's been here for a few days
bork
"rocky. Drop it"
*rocky drops the bass*
man. I was hoping to see mega today
oh man i'm feeling so bad for miguel. Melissa is such a cutie why does she make such bad choices
bork
I AM THE FLOOFIEST PUPPER
but like. Damn faust. I'm loving the feel of this session. Both you and CG are doing a great job
Like I can't even describe what feelings you're hitting but like. You're hitting all of them. I'm getting the doki dokis.
how long until Melissa dies a horrible death right in front of CG
Because this feels like she's going to die horribly in front of you
hy megs
I get to finally tussle with caitiff today, mega.
thalia told me to rend his dick off but I think um. I think you would frown upon that
today yes
when anti is done with his lab meeting
I'm not going to kill him!!!
not on purpose at least
i do still have the knuckle tats
the protectorate hasn't paid to have them removed
K I N D H A N D
My brother is a daniel he's good.
He's just a noodle.
I've known a few cool dans. My dad is one. I worked with another. My sister's softball coach is a dan.
stop the dan shaming. ):
No carly shaming
):
the beginning of worm is rough. I had a tough time going through a lot of it just because how close to home it hits
cg omg
ugh
she gonna touch you cogo. She gonna measure you.
fuck me up inside
i'm gonna fuck up some caitiff. With only. me. And a hermit. And one PRT squad.
She's like. The frog in the boiling water you know? You put the frog in and then start turning on the heat. So by the time it's full boil you're like "Nah this is fine."
ur an unlikable protagonist.
tired. Stuck in gay baby jail. Waiting for anti to be free.
don't boink ur sister
jesus spelt
OH Jesus fuck tuz
git good spelt
why this
when will my reflection show
who i am
inside
so now when does daniel come to melissa's house and beat the shit out of you both
faust you call everything I love trash
FUCK YOU MCR IS AMAZING
rip
F R I E N D Z O N E D
https://68.media.tumblr.com/ea196508555d4c5b431f14f9ab78b06b/tumblr_mjmk3fFV7M1s71q1zo1_540.png
yes?
who let verdict set up the carnival?
are any of us really likable?
I'm stuck in the gay baby jail. Faust you sold your soul to satan. Spelt is... spelt.
oh i'm fucking sorry
he's a fucking demon
and I didn't read the goddamn book. I was supposed to
I got an A in that fucking english class and I didn't read any of the goddamn books.
I read john green in high school
that lit class was in college
and the answer to that question is ~Depression~
OR I WOULD IF SPELT DIDN'T PUT ME IN THE GAY BABY JAIL
i guess i like you meg
and i'm not saying that
....yes
I like you very much mega
mega is very likable
I'm not saying this because he's threatening me
please let me go on patrol
):<
yeah
she's keeping shit together
khandhas saved you
fuckin. Viking him
seal exits. keep him from moving while they foam him
BORK FOR ME FAM
let us awoo
proth why
the city burns once mendez leaves
exist
):
I'd cry
mendez is wife
how much of that coffee cup is just. filled with straight vodka
does she drink gay vodka then?
look. if someone's going to make it gay it's going to be me or thalia.
tuzi just is gay, scrags.
yeah we really need to do that
Put me in, coach!
they can't use me as a battery
please don't piss on the ferrokinetic fluid at my home.
and please don't piss on my dog
):<
mega. Who's your favorite member of the cleveland protectorate?
it's valiant isn't it?
hey tell
forge? even though his art is shit?
faust broke it
with his mephistopheles.
ur an extraneous comma.
cleveland
just normal cleveland.
yes
anti needs to get back to the lab
but yeah
gonna maim some bitches
but not kill
unless it's by accident
):<
Findlay why this
Findlay doesn't like me.
Sorensen kind of tolerates me even though I strip in his office to try to get a rise out of him.
dol I like you.
duck queen isn't real
:-p
she's trying to do better... ):
no. Player one was killed by player 2
AQ shot jetstream
Cwn Annwn flashed P1
she's fuckin welsh
you sneeze on the keyboard and it's a fucking word
hjsfdljkasjkldaskljasdkljdas look guys I know welsh
this is why we don't dump wits, fam
I say as i play a character with dumped dex and soc
fuk u tubes
idk firlz just shows up every so often, rolls a zero on a wits check, and then disappears back off into the night
ah. the good ol cwn annwn word vom
You never briefed me! I was too busy getting psych Evals to tell me I'm crazy
It's not my fault no one tells me anything!!
i'm gonna get ambushed.
and I forgot to read the phone. Great job gwyn you're nailing this
I'm going to make it through this by the skin of my teeth and probably by losing my other kidney
Hey I'm friends with one of his people.
Nick go suck a rat
dol you'd get your boss to heal me, right?
TGK doesn't like me.
Yeah, dol. We can go right after I get patched up
cwn is the queen of mis-timed putting out.
god like. Coldhand took care of firebombing and the pawn shop. I only did the grocery store and the gun store.
And like. If I hadn't hidden in the basement nach would have clowned me into a coma as well.
I AM NOT QUALIFIED FOR THIS
I DIDN'T EVEN READ THE BRIEFINGS
I ALMOST RENDED THEM MEGA
MEGA
I REGRET EVERYTHING
SHIT
I'M GONNA GET FIRLZ'D
I swear
I SWEAR
OH GOD
proth firlz died.
YEAH BUT.
hey
hey take that back you fuck.
I'll fight you from gay baby jail, spelt. Put em up
thank you nick
rip me
Fuuuuckkk
Are you serious
Well I wrecked it it's fine.
Sorry meg
Sorry meg.
I'm sorry
I couldn't get it open!!
Forgemaster you're USELESS
Mega at least my power doesn't SUCK
Wink is dead
Oh my god
HES USELESS
ugh
My grenades
Help me jack slash's third nipple.
I'll try thal
Foam enema.
I'm not gonna die
She can banter until you know. They say something mean
Withstand is op
Fucking kept Coldhand kicking for as long as he did
Help me JESUS
Where is fid when I need light.
Best way to get into a game is to stick around.
Better way is to run a game yourself.
Rip me
finally fucking home
man i love me some interludes
I mean. there's only been one session of local so far, faust. But I loved the feel you and CG gave off. I liked the little hints you threw in, connecting the world and the characters. I'm really super excited for my session.
I don't know. Everyone's talking about what their campaigns are based on and I just. Norwalk is my shitty little hometown.
I'm literally just shouting at a cloud, dol.
I have all these grenades and nowhere to throw them
dear god
I'm worried that this whole thing is a hallucination and I haven't noticed yet.
3 arcs
same. but then indianapolis, baby.
oh fuckle
fuuuuuuuckkkkk my ass
of course it was a flashbang
Mendez is going to kill me
SHIT
I FUCKED UP OKAY
No no no no.
No they can't escape
Mega will kill me.
Oh my god
i can't believe I fucking flashbanged myself.
This goes on the list of fucking. Worst WD incidents.
I FUCKED UP SO BAD
):<
I'M TRYING NOT TO
but I flashbanged myself already
Because no one has taught me how to be a hero
I'm literally winging it because instead of like "hey maybe we should teach cwn how to do things around here" they're like "eh maybe we should keep her away from everyone and isolate her until she tries to rend her friends."||
:-P
I don't think anyone expected an emergency this fast.
but Forgemaster probably should have stepped up to mentor his teammate
This is stressful in a completely different way than that session. I'm just. Failing at being a hero.
They're going to find me. SItting there, covered in foam, crying. God damn.
rip me
i'm failing so hard
mega is going to be pissed
anti is playing fucking mind games with me god DAMNIT
!search bwanding
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 523)
anti is playing mind games with me. I'm sure of it. Because he knows this shit'll make me paranoid and I'll scream into the void.
because some people need them.
well i promised.
thalia i swear
FUCK
damnit anti.
it was intense
and hell yeah i love me some PHOs
oh
Yes
lololol
seriously. Is it the sigma fight? Or about caitiff?
God i'm so fucking. Salty right now.
Fucking Sriracha saved my ass
Dog awoos at cloud
I know. Like. Holy shit she's getting no satisfaction. She's at the point of manufacturing conflict because she fucking craves it.
I'm. Like. Damn anti. That was a huge cocktease.
i'll help you crush ratboy's spirit, thal.
god damnit let me rip SOMEONE UP
no i'm not ripping you up, dol.
but cwn is dtf.
my milkshake brings all the rats to the yard
night anti. thanks for running me
Yeah like. Wow my balls are so blue.
fuuuuuuuuck
no i have an exam in 30 minutes
but yes
man
i'm pissed I flashbanged myself and screamed at a cloud
cup my cleveland session last night was a mess
http://pastebin.com/eStgjjrf
there are the logs
but Caitiff stormed the base. I tried to get Forgemaster to come with me
the fucker was like "Nah man"
I yelled at him. Stole a bunch of grenades.
then went outside. Got stuck in a big fog cloud and caitiff yelled at me through the smoke
so I uh. Got pissed off. And he didn't come to fight me and he stopped talking to me
so I threw a grenade
turns out it was a flashbang
and uh. I fucked myself up.
So I decided "Well guess I better go inside the prison" and clawed through the wall
that activated the foam sprayers
so I was like. Shit
and then Sirocco showed up and was like "the fog machines are over there go destroy them. The prison is safe but caitiff got away"
and Forgemaster disappeared. Cwn is still disgruntled
mishie i don't want to hear it
Mishie
mishie why
I caused property damage yes
Yes
And isn't that the greatest enemy of all
yes
But I also won
against myself.
Mishie. I've been here like three days. All they've done is go "Idk she's crazy" and locked me in my bedroom
I didn't get foamed in place at least
I ran most of the way away from the foam
Look Mishie. I never said I was a good hero
maybe it'll be a mating call
Awoooooo
don't awoo
I can't let Caitiff fucking see that i'm weak
and mish I'm pretty sure anti's notes were "how much can I fuck with Saff to get Cwn to have a mental breakdown
Once I'm done with this exam mish. Like. 40 minutes at the latest?
We start at eight
And it's 7:55
Fuck me im gonna fail this but.
Well. Fuck that test.
Mishie give me a minute to grab some caffeine and we can talk
okay i'm back mish
hey dol
just talking to mish about his character
probably not running anything today? Unless thal gets her sheet done but even then?
I know. It's a cruel joke of the universe
true that.
at least thal makes her characters worth it.
like I'll put up with the waiting around for a character sheet because I know i'll have a blast running her.
I really like all my players. I have a good group
if I were a white mom on facebook I'd even say I was #blessed
you guys are fucking dorks
then again. I'm the dork who's fucking writing an incident report for my failed attempt at keeping Caitiff out of the prison
Mega is going to be so pissed.
I already set up cashy to PM him the logs as soon as he gets on. I'm so dead
Oh thank god
yeah. I always imagined it as the color of insulation foam that you get at like. The hardware store
groooosss
that's horrific
NO PLEASE NO
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XNuyAJmwT4UIsr4nIMb9S5xO_hAU_XD9uRByy_5sFmY/edit?usp=sharing
Cwn writes incident reports
I actually had to read a paper for a class and it showed what actually happens when asbestos fibers enter a cell. Pretty fucking rad. I mean. It's fucked up. But it's kind of cool...
hey vern
MmmmHmmm
thanks tubes
fuck linda
I can't even find her office.
They're like "Oh if you need help go talk to Linda" and then they walked away. Thanks. Thanks a lot fam
so I am turning this in. Like this. And they can suck my branded ass
oh fuck
Hi meg
um
They didn't get inside the prison?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XNuyAJmwT4UIsr4nIMb9S5xO_hAU_XD9uRByy_5sFmY/edit?usp=sharing
I did my paperwork
FORGEMASTER IS GONE. I FLASHBANGED MYSELF. I caused massive property damage
Okay. Good. I honestly. I didn't realize the foam would set off. I just wanted to get inside
I kind of do, yeah.
I almost like. Didn't go to the lab because I knew forge would be in there.
but you're not mad about me stealing the grenades?
And nick. I think the lengths I go to to avoid metagaming might be a little over the top.
and yeah shit.
the last time there was an interlude was Shades', right?
Thanks, dol.
Just barely.
I have a bad feeling that forge defected though. I don't think he was kidnapped.
AND HOW ELSE WAS I SUPPOSED TO OPEN IT, MEGA.
I also didn't read any of the briefs.
I do use it. To check the PHO forums.
but. Findlay hates my guts.
I apologized to Sirocco though
And he didn't call me "dog" this time
So that's. Something?
what do you mean?
My smoke?
Forgemaster said it looked fine... Though... If  it wasn't properly connected... Then... I'm dead ass I think Forgemaster was a mole.
how are they supposed to work? Why do you think it was my own smoke that was keeping me safe?
interesting.
I'm gonna have to read the logs again
oh no. oh god.
I FORGOT I TOLD THEM NOT TO TELL MENDEZ
Oh god.
anti you have to let meg and I have a session where mendez just. Rakes me over the coals.
but yeah looking over the logs again... The smoke was protecting me. Interesting.
is that a power null effect? Or would it work with like... Fire smoke too...
I guess I didn't pick up on it because it's not an outlined parameter of my power.
oh shit.
I HATE THAT I WAS RIGHT
Oh man
Oh fuck.
Oh shit we are so fucked
i can't believe. I can't believe this is all coming back to goddamn SOMA.
That bastard.
Longinus, Mish.
his player and I have a... A history I guess.
I beat him in a grail war.
Like. Fate/Stay Night
Yeah. Oh man.
Meg like. I seriously want a session with me and you where Cwn thinks she's going to get assfucked and you're just like "Well that didn't go as bad as it could have but read your briefings please"
annnnttiiiii. Can we? :-P
yeah
that'll scare the shit out of her
mega you're amazing
Sentinel was the guy who was transferred in but got booted after Auswahlen, Nick.
Surveilence tinker
I was supposed to take Beholder to help her get a better vibe on the precoging.
And he instead told the protectorate to pull out
Which led to AQ trying to kidnap beholder because she was PISSED at the protectorate for multiple reasons
Shades told her to knock it off.
And she left. And then Rush died horribly in front of her.
Yeah
god damnit
yeah. They did, pink.
!search clumsy contessa
you know. I have this feeling that like. Bow has a sense that goes off whenever I'm fucking around.
Hey. I've been good lately.
But yeah meg. If you want to not-yell at me, I'll be around. I have a class at 1 but after that I'm just. Sitting around and making phone calls.
the catfish is dead
yeah and she's like. 12.
though damnit thal. I could have used your light during that.
Is it dammit or damnit?
Spelt mega isn't getting fired
 "There are an estimated 600,000 people who are blind in the US. There are an estimated 28 million people who are deaf or hard of hearing in the US. Both numbers are estimates as there is no requirement that people report that they are deaf or blind." Nick
I don't have any stats on being mute though
and i'm not getting in trouble either, spelt.
Forge defected though. The cock
"tech"
that's a... I don't know if I'd call what he makes "Tech"
I'd call it um
"Shit."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stNse8OjWIE
I'm sorry.... I shouldn't have tried to maim sirocco.
and I shouldn't have tried to convince Freeman to not tell you
He should have. Let's blame this all on Findlay. heh. heh.
but like. seriously. Caitiff not fighting cwn is probably the worst thing that he could have done to her.
we still have to get gigawatt back
Do I get briefed on that?
):
hey hip
i don't want your candy, thal.
You can't jelly a cock down my throat?
oh come oN! That's how the joke ends!
Thalia set me up
god damnit faust
what pink? You mean you don't want an eight year old with 5 pips in grapple?
hey cogo
How you?
All right. a little tired. had to get up for an 8AM test today
i need to write a few again.
What did I miss while i was in class?
oh
that's boring
https://68.media.tumblr.com/efa053ca0c7f82fde61aa81660ad804b/tumblr_omenguugcC1qbrivdo1_540.jpg
anti is this sirocco?
he was at least. He didn't call me a dog last night? Which is nice.
especially since we're like the only two people on the team immune to Caitiff.
god damnit i'm bored
i'm running mishie on sunday
lolololololol spelt
i keep trying to find like. Kid's clothes from the 90's but I keep getting pictures of jon benet ramsey instead. like. ??? Thanks google.
mega don't forget. I was allowed to handle a gun during my physical exam
oh shit
Someone is getting a new asshole
Mega pls don't use me for target practice
I'm around meg
god damnit pink
the only good thing at checkers is the goddamn fries
I like me some chick fil a, but their fries are disappointing.
because you're 12 thal
why have all the grenades if I can't throw them?
Yeah, meg
I'm soooorryyy
where does cwn fit on the scale?
tell were you around when I posted that balloon thing that said "Don't sin"?
http://68.media.tumblr.com/ea196508555d4c5b431f14f9ab78b06b/tumblr_mjmk3fFV7M1s71q1zo1_500.png
I had captioned it with "Who let Verdict decorate the carnival?"
urgh
i fell asleep at my computer. Again.
needed
ur an illusion
i mean last night I told cashy i would sacrifice a virgin to them. So I stabbed spelt. Seemed to work.
night nick
bless faust
rip
Morning
Yeah spelt.
Did you see my incident report?
Meg I need to take the dog out but then we can continue.
Also hey dol
Yeah
Let me grab it
Did you like my incident report
Yeah
Bless
Though cwn is like "dude my parents needed to buy a fuckin vowel"
No. Too busy shagging sheep
Whaaaaa.
I mean. What's not to like about cg
"You people let her hold a gun? After she screamed to the therapist about wanting to die? Great job guys. Great. Fucking. Job."
no spelt if everything was burning you'd be awake. And doing the burning.
hey CG we were just talking about you
yeah. Van said that cashy liked you last night
and I was like "Everyone should like CG"
who needs wits. if you roll good on wits then you like. I don't know. Figure out how to use a card reader instead of just destroying doors.
are we going to see another memo from mendez about the gun issue?
the memos are entertaining to say the least.
what did that poor stapler ever do to you, meg?
yeah sure turn
sent you the logs
When you putting up arc 18 logs, famalam?
I love me some camp in my capes.
dive cock have you not heard the tale of the meme team?
Oh dear. So. Back in 2015. I decided I would run a game. Set it in New Haven, CT. There was a lot of shit wrong with that idea. But one of the worst was the /meme team/
Six capes. Bird School. Fire Bear. Pepe. Egg. Miss Andry. And O RLY
Fire bear made it to Norwalk just because I love her.
Pepe was a stranger/brute. Invisibility powers mostly.
because
he was
the rarest
pepe
of them
all
MEGA YOU WERE AROUND FOR THIS
YOU KNEW WHAT WAS GOING ON
WHAT HOW
WERE YOU UNDER A ROCK????
druz it was the first game I attempted to run
the one that died because I had to suddenly move cross country.
https://drive.google.com/open?id=12cKFRrG1ef4s3ztiDSQGKlQu_iSOjU1c8dJ8ISwtyvk
that was my doc
I keep it around for nostalgia purposes
Oh. fuck
https://docs.google.com/document/d/12cKFRrG1ef4s3ztiDSQGKlQu_iSOjU1c8dJ8ISwtyvk/edit?usp=sharing
that should work now
that was the cape anti won.
Egg uh. I think it was like. Sticky bombs or something
But yeah. Norwalk is. More scaled down. Less meme-y.
i'm running mish tomorrow.
Thalia whenever she gets me her fucking sheet.
Yes. and dol. :)
She's... She's more determined than she was now. The fact that you've kind of given her an assignment definitely brought her spirits up. But she's also super worried about gigs now.
you ride or die for the woman who gave you onion rings
Thanks pink
Cwn will pin that one on her wall
some more than others.
hahaha me
but maaaaa
god damnit making me think I have /self worth/
you did do a lot right, Meg.
and you did get her excited for fucking some bitches up
You are correct, meg.
I'm sorry I didn't use my phone for its proper use.
Just send mendez a pic of every coffee cup she finds in the base. "Is this u?"
Can I annoy Findlay instead?
Cool.
Just take pictures of piles of trash. "Is this u?"
what bel? Your date with brigid isn't interesting enough for you?
Dol did you hear that?
maybe that's because she didn't want your limp dick no more
!search peen
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel. (at line 326)
i'm on dol's side
and you sent her home. TO DEAD PEOPLE.
three dead people.
i've got to go to a fetus party by fuckheads.
No one in my future in laws family can apparently read an invitation so I have to go to a gender reveal party an hour and a half before it was supposed to start
They are bel. I have opinions. But they are not on topic for this room
Faust I just drove by a downed water tower... uh.
Trigger.
Um
Look jack I won't judge you for what you do in your spare time
But.
Look man.
Magical girls and tentacles sounds like a bad anime
That would be more exciting, pink.
Gosh jack not everything is an anime
Weaverdice was a mistake ~bow probably
Hey apoc
How you
Do you ever think bow looks at this chat and wonders where on earth he went wrong?
Thalia is your sheet done yet.
I'm running you tomorrow mish
Hey hipp
How're you?
Okay. Going to run dol in a hot minute. If I can ever get out of this drive through line.
that's a question for anti, turn.
Though um.
!search blu boom
hm. What music should I play for this heist.
happy birthday spelt?
steal the cake and run
MOW
thal stop bullying rat boi.
oh no
please no
and that I should use my phone...
I thought it was a tool to bootycall Quickdraw and check the PHO forums.
but you're not saying I /can't/ bootycall quickdraw.
hell yeah.
):
bork
I love beating people with sticks!
looks like the cat's in the bag
Dol is attempting to steal Dick Burns' pussy.
Dol don't even try me. One of the first times I hung out with Anti's fiancee. One of her cats crawled into a shopping bag and I waited. I waited like a good ten minutes. and as soon as that cat left I dropped the "Guess the cat's out of the bag."
technically cwn has borderline personality disorder. But similar line of thinking yes.
Bel you can't just ask mendez for handjobs whenever you want
he didn't even say anything that mean to her
he called her a dog (which is true) and then told her she wasn't fit to serve the queen
"Director Mendez I'm being harassed by a twelve year old with a light gun."
please do not burn away my smoke
): I'm being bullied by children.
you know what lumina. At least I HAVE A DAD.
Rain of Dispair's power is. A very complicated cauldron power.
She has this amazing power and she's using it to... steal the mayor's cat. She's perfect.
yes it is despair
I just can't fuckin spell today
thalia you want to get abducted and probed by the faceless, don't you?
thal you do not get rice bomb
BORK
oh my god.
what's the ketchup bottle for????
I can't fuckin spell today JESUS FUCK
I had too many people ask if we've set a date yet today.
I'd rather fuckin not think about marital business right now.
chester is sad. he liked the mayor
God DAMNIT thal
the cat puns
damn i love me some whataburger
anti no
norwalk logs updated.
look forward to more cwn annwn incident reports
oh huh. I guess I was briefed on Cremator. Whoops
I did it fam
is there enough of him left to bury?
damnit THAL I WAS ABOUT TO MAKE THAT JOKE
rat boy
hey thal wanna help me make rat boy cry?
I don't know, thal. Shove him in a locker?
hey scar
and I DO NOT HUMP LEGS
though. Cwn might.
Cwn has problems with healthy expression of feelings.
Oh this person was nice to me I must be in love with them.
Quickdraw. Was in love with Kelly.
She's got issues.
slumber party
I think that session was secret.
just gals being pals.
sucks 2 suck bel
:-P
yeah
i'm around
I AM nice, mishie.
When have I ever done a mean?
oh
I feel like i'm missing out. I didn't watch samurai jack as a kid. So like. I'm happy y'all are getting a reboot but i'm still over here still salty that they fucked the power puff girls.
and oh thanks, scar.
(this is when someone pulls up like. My most heinous quote)
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 46)
good job, divecock
poor freddy
good luck getting someone from the PRT to show up freddy we have our own shit show
wait are y'all just going to leave dodger on the floor like that
what the fuck is wrong with you
OH I'M FUCKING SORRY
he called me boring.
probably embody and knuckleball, thal.
the fuckin rats
no step on snek
hey TGK never took my samples.
literally the only member of the cleveland protectorate that he'd just be like "Eh. it's not that big of a loss"
And probably restraining himself from telling me that he has coldhand's body in the fucking freezer
oh wow we get to see switchblade
haven't heard from him since he got half his face melted.
):<
poor freddy
night nick
Hey hipp
okay, druz. Gonna run mishie later today so that'll be fun
no respect, nick
in the name of the moon, i'll kick ur ass
Oh mishie are you awake already?
I still have a few errands to run
Jesus.
I'm almost home mishie
Sorry I've had to spend half the day with the in laws.
okay mish.
i'm ready
the angel of pray the gay away spelt
hi mega
i love my players.
Mayor Dick Burns.
I swear. it came up on a random name generator and I couldn't NOT use it.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/rk2ztJsM/Screen%20Shot%202017-03-05%20at%208.09.42%20PM.png
easily. Herpes.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EkRwAGvbihwQRFz7V1T2yUBO1cJDLdESft3bHfXMXeI/edit?usp=sharing
here guys fill in some stuff
hey apoc
mishie can see as much as firlz. Beautiful.
rip mishie's nips
The angel of pray the gay away
Mishie. Handling two at once.
Gee Mishie, how come your mom lets you have TWO GMs?
mishie just wants to "stab" Flip Off
my favorite part of this is like. Utopian is literally named after the skate/smoke shop in town.
god damnit anti why did you make mishie's power so complicated.
I just suck ass
do I get the "shittiest GM in the chatroom" award yet?
thal one day. One day we'll have ruin
hopefully it'll be in a campaign we're both in. And we both get it
and our gm cries
cries tears of blood
I don't need a luck roll for indi, mish. Queen already has her luck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmxICK-4AG4
bork
If you whisper "Gay" three times while looking into a mirror in a dark room, you'll summon legend
I'm just. cracking myself up right now.
all the ways I could break mishie's character, and I went with this. This shitshow.
fuk u spelt
Faust don't over analyze the stoner dumbos
#WDNorwalk iri
The town's uber and leet analog's think that mishie turned one of them gay.
mishie you stabbed him twice
that's pretty homo
like. You went to the diner and order your fries like. Extra homo.
like these fries are so gay they are shaped like dicks. That's you, mishie.
you're the dick fries
This. This is my legacy
wait did he say that?
Shit
Oh god
maybe this is why bow thinks i'm satan.
:-P I wouldn't mind being called satan. It's an honor, really.
And I've been keeping most of the silliness to a minimum lately. You know. Minus the fact that I'm torturing mishie with the worst supervillains in town
Because she's like. "Houdini, but a girl. Duh." ~Actual conversation with the Protectorate branding team.
Who-dee-net.
pepsi: The favored drink of Amphetamine Queen
hell
fuk u
Hell is wherever you want it to be. Just ask mishie
If you told me. Little wee saff. "Hey saff did you you know that in 15 years you'll be writing to people on the internet about a gay angel getting people high under the willow tree in fuckin Cranberry park."
Like. What steps. What steps did my life take for me to end up here.
in 2017.
Telling an australian to stab someone with just the tip.
I don't know if I'm pleased or if I'm disappointed in myself.
I love how Damian just decided that this is hell.
and you know what. Every time I go back to visit Norwalk I feel the same way...
you're right, mishie.
but. I didn't go under the willow tree and I ended up bi. What happened there?
anti i'm blaming this on you.
oh no you awoke the dice nazi. Why.
HA. I made it to five sessions. Where's tuzi so I can rub it in his face?
wow tubes. put em up, princess.
thal we don't talk about the meme team
I MADE NEW HAVEN AS A FUN AN LIGHTHEARTED THING TO CONTRAST WITH EVERYONE'S DARK AND EDGY.
and then i vern'd it
wait what, jygg?
how?
I'm
i'm confused by this analogy.
and mishie hush you.
you're the one that made things gay
she and mal were really just fwb?
friends with benefits
sorry i have a puppy going after my hands while I type
oh good to know that mermaids have pink flesh like salmon.
mermaid sashimi
I'd assume that they'd be in a similar category to cetaceans.
Or pinnipeds. Aquatic but mammalian.
what about a kappa? Probably tastes like cucumbers.
probably like tuna, faust.
Mmm. Ahi mermaid.
sorry, teller.
#parahumans , for all your nightblogging needs
mishie. hush
godspeed, fulvus
we should pray for his soul
i came directly to this room. But that's because anti dragged me in.
seasons change. Days pass. children grow old. And ereus is still talking about goddamn anime.
night cg. Happy birthday.
proth. a poet and a scholar
i'm going to bed before the conversation goes to like. if Crawler is kosher or not.
night
hey. hey. Crawler's dong is an important topic
good morn
hi vern
BIRDCAGE BIRDCAGE
oh only one person
she just needs to go to prison for a hot second
that's what fixed AQ
Hey. Hey. anti look. Just because she fuckin. Blew a guy for heroin.
AQ's boobs aren't anything to write home about.
she tried
hey bow
anti do you ever look at your cleveland stuff and just feel this utter feeling of "Where did I go wrong?" because I'm staring at my docs and my last two fuckin sessions involved stealing dick's pussy and mishie getting called a homo.
thanks vern
At least teller murders PCs and not real people
!search blu boom
and no veerrrn
i'm sorry!!!
I didn't...
):
I turned myself in because it was the right thing to do...
meow
I WILL STAY ALIVE
tests suck
hey tuzi
I made it to five sessions in norwalk, tuz. Take that.
though. Mishie's session last night was. It started off very serious and then. Mishie and I just memed. Jesus fuck.
shhh don't tremble let me poke your grey matter
boo
i'm excited. Faust is running me in local today so I get to break in my sweet little 11 year old cape.
she got the "Family drama" flaw so we'll see. It depends on if she can get away from her parents or not, tuz.
I'm kind of playing this one by ear. Letting what happens in campaign shape her. But I didn't dump her soc so.
cogo please stab my character's older brother. He probably deserves it.
thanks cogo. You're the real mvp
hm. that is a good question. I haven't run into that issue yet because all of my groups have territory. Well. Minus one. but they're still bogeymen.
stab spelt stab spelt.
:D
kinky
"Well Miss Fidler. You took the preliminary questionnaire and all I can say is that you're fuckin gay."
nice job, spelt.
hey meg
Mmm. Diet echidna.
"well doc you see. my dad was killed by another version of me..."
gl nick
you need one, thal.
yeah she nearly got him killed.
he just wanted to fuck her and she caught the feelings.
And this, friends. Is why you don't fuck your subordinates.
Jadmin, they're talking about Teller's campaign, #WDSicolbend
oh my god nick. fuckin. I'd laugh my ass off. Poor rat boy
you watched three people die in front of you, nick
and then they turned into a smear on the floor
you're a little fucked in the head, kid.
i'd say that we would take good care of you at the protectorate... but um.
Look. Auntie Cwn Annwn gonna tell you a secret. It's shiiiiiitttt
"Oh Cwn. You can't just invite tinkers over for tequila and bootycalls. You're not 21."
uncle dags is the uncle that gets drunk at every family gathering and ends up jerking off into the potato salad.
so maybe don't listen to him either, Rat boi.
Mendez told me no. ):
because drinking underage is apparently you know. A violation of my probation or whatever.
they'll probably end up transferring cwn out at some point.
Whether that's to an unnumbered department or to the asylum is anyone's guess.
O.O
thal you should have taken the ring. Make a cool laser
but it seems like the computers always go first when it comes to new tinkers.
Audrey took apart her laptop. Almost took the rice cooker.
ayyy fulvus. good luck
wait is fulvus' cape named rosebud? You have rosebud and daisy chain. perfect.
oh dear
hey pink did you ever put up the logs for the last audrey session?
ooooouuch fulv. running out of oceans for you
D:
fite me mishie
please no. I don't need bow seeing the shame of "all the gays belong to legend."
I did like how mishie was all like "I'm in hell. I died. I'm in hell. This is god punishing me for being gay"
Damian's version of hell is hanging out with two stoners.
They were probably going to smoke weed under the tree afterwards. but you know. Instead you stabbed them
dear god. Pink I always look forward to the way you name things
She assaulted the lady there so I mean. close enough
I considered having her actually intentionally assault the lady and steal the overpriced ceramic cat. but that would have been... not in character for Audrey.
tubes anti is probably a little more psychopathic than I am.
):<
tru
but I am a scientist. I don't need the hide it.
wow who let this lady be a social worker?
Fulv punch her in the throat.
That explains a lot.
fuck new york
punch this lady in the throat, fulv
She still shouldn't say rude things to you. Even if you call her a cunt.
everyone ends up at white castle eventually.
hello
):<
hey mega
not much. You?
omg cogo
what a good puppo
good dog
local paused after I went to bed?
it is thalia
yeah. She's got to be a dirty rotten liar
she's already running from gay thoughts. What else is she hiding?
Lumina what are you hiding?
Did she just. Smother her mother with a pillow?
yeah. something is definitely seriously wrong with lumina.
Speaking of thal is she around at all?
just wanted to ask you when you wanted to do your session.
because we're fucking emotionally invested in this fucked up twelve year old whose dad you melted.
so, like 12.
shhhhhh.
how is thal going to tinker if she can't move?
Diet Crawler.
All the flavor, none of the calories
I'm just. not a fan of this trigger. It's cool on like. the surface. but the character is unplayable.
cape name: dump
snap crackle pop
I really don't like this trigger, tbh.
But I'm really not a fan of the rare disease triggers.
Dude that's the lamest excuse i've ever heard
oh no you have the power to WALK
i agree with nick
why waste fucking time
the first perk is easy to incorporate. Make a wish kid.
umbra
good luck you fucks.
hey tell
NO STEP ON SNEK
Thalia no one asked you
I mean. Cwn likes her enough considering she let her onto the team. But... she's also scared out of her mind of her
:D
god damn. That was such a fun session
like. I was rolling so hot nothing could stop me
yeah but you fucked the auswahlen shit real bad, meg
not sent in sentinel.
that cockwaffle.
he fucked the baby.
I mean you're right.
but he screwed everything so bad.
they wanted a bunch of murderous case 53s stomping around, lurks
and yeah BJ would have been unstoppable.
Rush, the hammer, scoop?
damn.
and the borgata still would have had mincemeat.
damn.
the dust devils would still be fucked though.
oh fuck. verdict. god damnit. She's gonna see audrey's sins.
though audrey's sins amount to "Tried to kill herself", "Lied to her mom, aunt, the school, her teammates...", and "Assaulted a pawn shop worker."
Yeah. her list of sins really isn't that long yet. at least she's not masturbating or having gay thoughts. Or GAY MASTURBATING.
tuzi is in HELL.
oh. or south america yeah
sorry I grabbed thal for the night
she's going to murder her brothers
just tuesday in #Weaverdice
I need to actually read the sicol logs
why am i getting damnit'd, pink?
things I didn't need to know, meg
just pop em off.
I'll go into his bar and break every single one if his whiskey bottles. maybe he'll trigger
piss in them
ah verdict session.
DO NOT SIN
Mmm. Drowned in foam
Like. Kevin bacon.
and you're running through the nice part of town too. Not the super nice part. That's where mishie's character lives
but you're not in the parts where running around covered in blood is just tuesday
http://patch.com/connecticut/norwalk/suspect-arrested-norwalk-stabbing-report
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1qGJzrifW0KEr4GQ7zicL816eTjA&usp=sharing
If you wanted context for where Thal is running from, her house is the orange one.
yes
I picked a fucking street
I don't. What.
oh
hah
I literally was like  "Thal probably lives around the same area of town my parents do. Here is an area that's near there without being where my parents live."
what did I do?
I didn't mean to meme that!
I just picked a rooooad
THALIA
that was. That was the most awkward session ever
because anti and I were like "Wow we really don't want to RP fucking each other but the ante keeps getting upped why are we doing this."
well, scrags. Go get gigawatt to fuck one of the squaddies
Megaaaa. WIll you let me bust gig out of tinker hell?
Okay. Fine. Let the wards do something
Who do I get paired with to go after Caitiff?
Oh. We're all going?
But. Undine hates me. And I tried to assault sirocco. Fleet's okay with me I think.
I'm a disappointment to valiant.
god if I get my hands on forge i'll ream him out.
me?
twice over?
Right. I knew the gun thing. The lessened security was the one I was forgetting
but to be fair. the security thing was kind of my bad.
the gun was all on findlay though.
That would have sucked. Freeman's working with sirocco and suddenly he gets a phonecall that fuckin cwn annwn shot herself? Yeah that would have been balls.
what, thal?
Hadley's dad works for the PRT.
oh that roll. no
that's for something else.
:)
Why would you think that, Nick?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urPODJzQHAw
Houndinette's power.
maltese falcon. That's what happens when you walk your small dog around the woods.
not a super duper fan but I enjoy their stuff on occasion.
but yeah nick i think it's kind of interesting that you'd think that. Because you're way wrong. but new haven had this overarching plot of someone who did have shard sense. But it didn't last long enough for that to become apparent though
I think both Non and firlz interacted with him though?
$roll 1d6-1 pink social.
you can pm me, mish
god damnit verdict. You can't just kill everyone who illegally downloads shit
hahaha. I know she's not that bad, tell. But the verdict memes tickle me.
oh hey more local.
kinky
it's not triggers.
I swear it all makes sense.
but in the meantime thal is just going to shit herself.
norwalk california, or ohio apoc?
ye. They're a thing. we all know about them. We don't like them. We're the original.
FIGHT ME
ONLY I CAN TALK SHIT ABOUT CT
and i talk a lot of shit about ct. fuck that place.
I miss. Stew Leonard's and my favorite ice cream place. Oh and Overton's in the summer. Mmmm. Mostly food stuff I miss. And I mean. My family too.
overton's isn't even open in january joke's on you.
no fucking delicious clam strips 4 mish
well thal. Now you know what I was rolling for.
oh god that was really short.
my pacing is so shit
and yes mish
I am
YES I AM SHORT AND I'LL FIGHT YOU ALL
but yeah no. sorry. I'm. I'm still figuring this out.
and then there's me over in the kiddie corner.
everyone in local is having this cool teenage drama and I'm like. "I'm 11 and what is this?"
I don't want to make kids
!Search hates babies
write this down for all time. Saff hates babies. (at line 495)
oh god.
no, lurks. Yum and I are very much anti-kid. We want dogs.
but yeah I rolled that flaw. so 11 year old cape.
(and faust my mom doesn't care that I don't want kids. It's yum's mom that has the problem)
I probably wouldn't have made a kid on my own. But I'm really excited to play--I know, right cg?
Bucky didn't get the memo either
considering he's picked up the habit of shitting on the floor right after we take him outside.
no he. We take him out in the morning. And then feed him. and then five minutes later he shits in the house and I'm like ???? Really??????
I can do that!!
or faust can it's his campaign
love me some dank verdict memes
Dank. Verdict. Memes.
movie night isn't going well, eh. Maybe they should play truth or dare
what
oh god. pink. if audrey joins the wards there will be Avery, Audrey, and Aileen. Too many As.
except you know. Verdict hates them gays
so the triple bunk bed thing would end with you know. Verdict smashing omen against the wall again while Audrey is just glad no one is bothering her for two seconds.
until the squaddies come in and foam everyone down
what? Foam?
this time it's not even my fault!
it's between teller and tuzi. I'm just hiding under the covers and probably crying.
oh, pink?
oh man. too many ellie.
baaaaaa
hey nick
how u
ayyyyyy vern
hey thal
wow it's dead in here today
doing research, anti?
take a bunch of pictures of potholes so we can start the "Spot the Pothole (Indianapolis)" thread
Queen probably fucking starts them herself.
"HEY GUYS LOOK WHAT I MADE"
https://marcussorour.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/melting-pot-blog-by-marcus-sorour-potholes-in-johannesburg-jozi-image1.jpg
Name: Cocaine, A Legacy Medium: Asphalt Artist: Amphetamine Queen, 2012
"FUCK U MENDEZ"
nice
I don't want to taste your fruits, anti.
because you're a fuckin badass, mega.
hey cg and bow
Yeah.
I kind of deserved it though
the tequila was in quickdraw's throat
Mendez wasn't opposed to the hanky panky. It was the fact that gwyn tried to go behind mendez's back and get drunk as a minor.
no nineteen year olds getting drunk in her base
):
i'm sorry i ruined everything, mega.
at least i'll rend caitiff?
The risk he took was calculated, but man he's bad at math
See foss. You talk about satan and you summoned faust.
you killed him, spelt.
what the fuck is wrong with you
Deus vult.
^^^
I um. wow, spelt.
didn't know you were into firlz like that.
whoa man
i'm engaged.
It's fine. Thalia's in here with me.
he's too good for the gay baby jail
ayyy
One sad
Water tower fell on me, spelt
Spelt it's like. I touch things. And then I touch a person. And then the person goes flying.
Zoooooo
*zooooooom
What why am I being yelled at for my time zone??
you killed bow with kisses, CG
off to a great start.
Hewwo...... Fwiend.
oh my god.
torturing this poor little girl
it's bad enough she has to wear 90's fashion
is Lisa Frank still a thing in Wormverse?
Because if it is, she has a totally gaudy lisa frank backpack
https://19807-presscdn-pagely.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/692/91/5f3554c793183fa4176cd2de936c83c5.jpg
this is the one I want
http://images.mentalfloss.com/sites/default/files/styles/insert_main_wide_image/public/5kjh4kjh3.png
WAIT NO THIS ONE
FUCKIN. HORSE AND ORCA
okay good. I don't want to ever see a furby again
tinkertech furby
I'm really struggling to keep the tone. I can't remember what my vocabulary was like when I was 11.
and it was probably bigger than Maddie's because all I did at the time was read.
true. She probably does read a lot of books, considering it's an escape from her shitty home life.
falls on ground. Skins knee. starts crying
rip me
"I"M NOT A BABY I SWEAR"
but good timing. Got to run to the store
Thinker 0: Guessed what.
THANKS CASHY
REALLY MAN
Fight me! This small child says. She has no soul. you could snap her in half. Rip.
cashy I swear to jesus
What is your PROBLEM today
ZOOM
who used up all of cashy's fuckin luck today
wow
woooooow tubes
ah yes. I remember this part of being a kid. Screaming things and being a little shit.
This poor girl is having a shit day
Lost her keys. No one's home. Got kidnapped. Got saved. Probably going to get kidnapped again
Shit Faust one sec had to restart my CPU
Is this revenge for what I did to Thalia
I've been kidnapped already tonight fulv
Rough day for Maddie.
Local.
man faust. That was brutal.
just kidnapped.
2 kidnappings one night.
Great job Maddie was running away from home worth it?
"No bodies have ever been recovered"
THANKS MAN
sending fuckin. Spooky scary skeleton at me. XD
true
it's revenge
for thalia
so instead you make fun of the other foster kids? :-P
well uh. I don't have to worry about skeleton crew bringing me back to my mom!
I just have to you know. worry about coming back at all
:-P I'm just teasing, fulv. i really liked your session
and the tag faust gave it.
oh?
cogo you and the bitch you're macking on need to save my 11 year old ass
but damn faust. way to leave me on a cliffhanger. I'm going to be going to be speculating off of my ass until the next session haha
mishie is the gayngel, and in my campaign.
Daisy Chain is my cape for Local. She makes people go "Zoom"
and also screams about stranger danger. She's 11.
yep
that's what I did to the first guy who tried to kidnap me
and then the second guy noticed my mark
oh my god cap.
and this is why newbies don't usually get into game?
sorry tubes you get to be a
African....
Clown....
Chair?
I mean. people have made up cities for the sake of games so it's definitely feasible.
my first attempt at a campaign had a group of weeaboos and I only realized after making them that oh yeah. Japan fuckin sank.
it's not a WD campaign if you don't end up worse off than your trigger.
i mean depending on what vial they drink the client might be winging it afterwards.
!search clumsy
faust isn't allowed to do brain surgery, y'all.
if all else fails. Stab them in the neck because they get in the way
who needs legs
booty shorts does
oh more verdict?
love me some verdict
please don't put audrey in a room with her.
Probably the girls? She's more comfortable with girls, even though they're the ones that bullied her. She's already met Omen, so Sykkia and Verdict probably?
Audrey would probably... not freak out around the boys but she'd be super duper shy. Especially considering she thinks she's a freak because her skin comes off.
Awaq
god damnit the dog stepped on the keyboard
what
"Sorry the dog stepped on the keyboard"
verdict's mom is like. tinker -5
so wait. Thalia was kidnapped once in my campaign. I was kidnapped twice in Faust's campaign. That means faust has to be kidnapped three times in someone else's.
one more, faust.
hehehe
fuck the police
should i be worried that tell doesn't use his own dice bot?
i was just teasin' ya, tell. :-P
and maybe i'm a little salty because cashy fucked my ass today
mishie don't put it in the dice bot.
um
fuck
For a moment nick I thought that said "hey mom Saff"
And I'm like. Look just because I shove you in the playpen doesn't mean I'm your mom
Does anyone have the rest of the logs from Detroit last night?
Thanks nick
oh man poor verdict. that was rough
hello
you're a ding dong, spelt.
:-P
kinky
please end me
okay. How we gonna do this, tubes?
Thanks, bel.
maybe I won't smash your abr
*Bar
That's one thing I regret. I didn't stay a villain long enough to hang out in your bar.
and now you know. "Drinking underage is a violation of your probation, Gwyn."
): gigs.
She's one of my like. Two almost friends.
I think Quickdraw just wants to fuck me.
And I mean gig and I only talked for five minutes and shared onion rings
BUT THAT'S THE CLOSEST THING I HAVE RIGHT NOW
especially since fucking. Lumina is going to start bullying me.
who's the devil? teller? Rude.
I like tells.
as long as you know. Verdict doesn't slam audrey against the wall.
it's probably a good idea not to touch audrey either.
or you might get skin tentacled
but hey maybe she'll finally get to make her spear.
or at least. Submit the paperwork to make a spear
linda is a cunt
awooo
hey BS
you can ping me. I don't mind.
hi mega
how upset would you be if lumina and I bullied rat boi?
oh
yeah
I can sex quickdraw!
And I wouldn't want to sex lumina. She's made of fucking light
everything
I've got shit planned for each one of my norwalk PCs. I'm pumped.
they're not super big plans, thal
just. "hey this is where they are this is things that could happen"
rip
i've also been a cat girl.
I do own a dog. But he likes everyone. He wants to be friends with cats but they hiss at him
I can both own a dog and be a cat girl
no
i'm reading this anti and i'm like "Look at all the place cwn has fucked over."
that's beautiful advice anti
amazing
we're all dead.
none of this is real
I figured that was the case.
I don't think they want me to rend it, right?
not until after I kill forgemaster
for being a useless piece of junk
or rather. I get nach to kill him. Give him the old coldhand
yeah. And you hired the girl who threw a man into a rend hole.
like. I don't know what you expected, mega.
I'm trying at least? I didn't tear caitiff to shreds
Hey. only his legs
"It's leg day, bitches."
Forgemaster defected. He pulled the killhand on the protectorate. You don't /do/t hat
bless tell
i love me some good WD memes
the verdict ones last night killed me.
okay. I gotta go bake some cookies
Hehe. Mega you would have been proud of my local cape.
"STRANGER DANGER STRANGER DANGER. THE MAN WITH NO PANTS IS TRYING TO TOUCH ME."
Though you know. Emperor's robes was the only one that wasn't trying to kidnap her.
It was still RUDE
who knows what skeleton crew wants with me though.
Well. Yeah. But
That's expected
Now I have to run you at some point Faust.
Sunday would be okay!
Oh no
session in #WDNorwalk
You can't tell me what to do
that's not something i'd ever say but ok
faust are you playing FATAL?
!search for anal
Yeah. Norwalk and Sicol I think.
I have so many tabs opeeennnn
kinky
pls stop criming
fuckin tinkers
everyone's talking about... scanning... and... Audrey sits quietly in the corner with her spear while her skin comes off.
just wipe your fuckin nose on this man's nice clean table.
I'd make her roll for that if she tried. and with the way cashy has been lately she might just slam her face against the table and break her nose
Girl's already fucked up from being hit by a car
shhh please don't wake the dice gremlin
We get it. Humans like to pick out patterns in the random. luck isn't real or whatever, blah blah blah let's go walk under a latter.
*Ladder
jesus
tubes just. going down to non's little gremlin cave and poking him with a stick won't solve your problems
it's just going to end with non shoving a stick up your ass
YOU WOKE HIM UP
i love it
No step on Snek is my facebook cover image
Ban mishie 2k17
let everyoen die
no one is real
not even me
div has no mouth but must screm
wow mishie did you get your balls punted off?
rip mishie's balls
!roll 1d100
that wasn't for you thal calm down.
XD
No. Anti put that in there
I don't know what it's for
I let him design my doc
oh
i haven't been doing rounds really
ah.
yeah. I didn't know what it was for.
he's not even really a co-gm. the most I've really had him do is uh. I freaked out and asked him for advice the other night.
e v e r y t h i n g
but yeah idk i haven't really been doing rounds i've just been running people when they're on and i'm on and i'm b o r e d
good night, fam.
Morning
hi dol
everyone is hurting in sicol, meg
i love it
!search peen
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel. (at line 326)
just wait until she accidentally uses it on someone.
:D
seven norwalk sessions so far.
ranging from... stealing the mayor's cat to becoming a pirate to... uh. violently murdering two boys
yeah. There's. a lot of talking actually. May's last session had no rolls.
I don't think Kian had a roll either?
Getting her letter of condemnation from the mayor
he just wants his fucking cat back
Chester is his best friend
His wife hates the cat's guts
shhhh read the norwalk logs, div\
nine hours missing. dun dun dun
:-P did you doubt me, spelt.
I'm a fucking writer, spelt. I know how to put together a narrative.
don't make me put you in the goddamn gay baby jail
rip claw
oh gosh
typooos
thanks for letting me know
yeah. I can be a typo queen
thank meg
:)
meg I worked at a country club back home. I couldn't not include a group like that.
whatever is easier for you
hehehehehehehe
faust why this
Oh. Yeah one second I'll link you ath
https://goo.gl/eCfqTq
It hasn't started yet though
vern stop bullying people.
I don't thnk it has, athena
NO
you could also make up a city
i came in second in a geography bee in middle school.
haha meg you're reading the logs?
which one are you on?
that's the one where you stole the cat, dol
his wife hates the cat though, faust.
Mishie's session is gold
hey tell
oh my god every time I go to sit down and read these san raul logs because it got quiet... yum and roommate start talking again.
I just want to reeeeeaaddd
tru
though I almost threw out my voice earlier
because I drove to the pharmacy and I sang
and I play music really loud when I drive so I don't start crying because I'm driving
I hate driving. It gives me anxiety attacks. Most of the time I do not drive.
but I was annoyed at yum because I needed to pick up my meds and he just wanted to play zeldor.
so I was like GUESS I'M GOING
hehehehe
good job faust
Mega come on. I'm captain casual homicide
casually murder someone?
true
https://68.media.tumblr.com/1a42359efc8f3635f15d056caf9b8aeb/tumblr_om9dcuQ2An1s9xz5so1_540.jpg
9 hours missing
oh?
I mean. they probably wouldn't have sent you to jail even if she didn't gay cry about you
"No dad I don't have a crush on her"
why did everyone doubt me?
thank you, meg. :)
I will take this task
and I will give you drama
pls no
please don't name your dog after my dog
so when it dies I can laugh?
):
thank you anti.
that's not a nice thing to call faust
It is Norwalk Ct. not ca.
East coast
great job, tubes.
fucking getting the keyboard all sticky
i know what you actually mean by alcohol
but
I'm just imagining you pouring fuckin. Beer into this keyboard
going "DRINK UP FAM"
getting your keyboard drunk
shame on you
dol you weren't a narc when you tried to get cwn drunk
night nick
one moment dol lets you drink underage. the next she's cuffing you for drinking underage.
man. detroit is just a wild ride
something interesting is always going down. Even when it's a disney channel sitcom shit is going down. I have a great time
where else can you get a lukewarm gogurt from a hero?
dol. kill cody
he macked on one bitch too many
line by line usually means it's easier for me to clean logs later
hahaha. mishie's first lines for norwalk is usually "w-what?"
i love cody's fucking language though. Just his shitbag random insults. I love them
Same reason I love shades and AQ
thal you've murdered your siblings. You've murdered an entire PRT squad
you've murdered longinus.
you murdered a lot of people, thal.
the squad
you fucking. liquified your father, thal.
run cg
yeah thal. you made a huge mess
Katie can kill as many people as she wants
anti does it well because the motherfucker is just crazy
pink are the wards going to try to give the sales pitch to audrey? or are they just going to hope she stops crying long enough to sign the papers?
oh gosh. I'm interested to see how her mom takes that.
Or if her mom just starts screaming horrifically while her daughter's skin comes off.
"No mom i'm fine it's just a phase."
she didn't /mean/ to commit misdemeanor battery though.
the lady tried to touch her and you know. Whoops.
scared poor audrey out of her skin
Faust
oh my god
I did not
i brought shame upon the weaver dice family.
):
):
Poor audrey
I did not.
But she did tell the PRT she wanted to stab things so
At least she wouldn't be the most fucked up ward
Verdict is like. Santa Claus. She sees you when you're sleeping. She knows when you're awake. She knows if you touch yourself... and she'll punch you in the face.
Beautiful
oh my god
sleep what's that
Morn
Hey dol and meg
Hey thal
Yes I am Greek poet saffo
):
Mega why must you shame me. On the day of my anniversary.
Yes that is today. Two years of the yumgar
Thal NO
That's cuz you suck spelt.
Tubes opens up his trench coat
He's got logs pinned to the inner lining
"Whaddya want?" He asks. "I've got social bend. I've got Detroit. I've got Cleveland and San Raul. I've got some Cayo. You want Cayo?"
I'm on my phone meg
And tubes you just broke the image of the log dealer
Rude
Wits 0
Sorry firlz
Rip Vern
Rip tuzi
we're all dead on the inside, firlz
everyone hates the prt, man.
what? the PRT doesn't have dental plans? That's bullshit.
u absorb inoraganic marterials and machinery
that skull probably smells.
yeah i mean you were covered in fuckin blood for over nine hours
yeah no
oh that's better
I was assuming it was real
and i'm like
dude you have to breathe that in
you did something right for once, spelt.
:-P
Hey man who stopped caitiff from breaking cremator out of the cells
this bitch
Eh. forgemaster was a lame-o anyway
mendez should be glad to get rid of him
i'll fuckin fite u spelt what are you gonna do?
what kind of grade school did you go ti
beatiful, thal
i still owe you that autograph
you could probably summon him by talking about dice rolls
$roll 3d6
WOW LOOK AT THESE CRAPPY ROLLS
MY LUCK IS SO BAD
:-P pink I was trying to summon non for tubes
best way to do that is through dice worship and/or saying someone forgot to claim a trigger
O.O
like. man that was actually super rude.
lol
night everyone
D:
it's a spelt
hey bow
hey meg
what's up???
Same lol.
pretty boring day. I think I'm running Nick tonight?
so that'll be fun
nick i'm excited. I love the pirate crew
bag of marbles is fun
he did not
he came to smite the wicked and instead he got called a homo
atlanta, van
oh my god
we're all toxic, anti
no don't kill cg
noooo
lololololol
i'd pay to see that
shhh let me clown on spelttttt
it's revenge
vern you're um. You're something all right.
VereorNox: Slightly better than No Man's Sky.
I'm sorry vern
You know I bully because I care
well. I bully you because I care. I bully spelt because he keeps shoving me in the gay baby jail
):
Does gwyn get thrown in the gay baby jail too
dude i'm like. super excited to go after Caitiff.
):
Gwyn is in fact a gay baby. Well. A pansexual baby but that's close enough
ok spelt. Mega can I go kill wink?
oh
Gonna rend Caitiff
I guess I should probably make friends with the team before then.
Maybe apologize to sirocco. again.
don't do what
make friends?
):
but.
I'm so lonely in this base
since I fucked up my chance at a booty call
Mendez wants me to friend the squad though
so I don't defect like forge did
fuck u spelt.
fite me
fite me right now
PUT EM UP PRINCESS
why does no one want to fight me? ):
oh
look
that was an accident
it would have been fine if Sirocco didn't start you know
pulling everyone into the rend party
so really. It's all sirocco's fault.
):
nuh uh
hey tell
and tru, thal. It's more fun to fuck up because that's what the character would do. Rather than just fucking up because well. You suck.
rip slither?
chat is so dead today. ):
Oh. Thank you!!
I really enjoyed that one a lot.
That was probably the first session I ran where I felt... comfortable? I wasn't frantically crying behind the screen about being a hack.
tru
I do have a bottle of chardonnay now
more like chardonnayyyyyyyy.
but nah I can't drink while I'm GMing because I end up not being able to use my hands right, I just start crying about how much I love everyone, and then I try to bite yumgar.
poor may indeed
Her dad would have been okay with her coming home. Her mom was PISSED though
hahaha more that I was crying because I was worried about disappointing you, dol.
I think what thal did was kind of justified. And also you know. She just got her powers and didn't know what would happen
may doesn't want to hurt anyone.
siegfried is awesome.
nick is just preparing for Kian's existential dread
also nick. Dinner is on the stove so I'm ready whenever you are
aiight
just ping me when u redy
each one of Tubes' players dies in front of him
Trigger.
ur a normie
yeah that's no prob
go feed yourself, nick
ace
now tubes is dead
rip cayo
ace
Blockbuster now killed me, pink
rip
rip
Mmm. people.
ye, nick.
if your lid drops you might want to get a new one
otherwise it'd be dirty
I guess you can rinse it off
bless, pink
i hate having so many tabs open when I GM
oh man. I only have um. Three open for norwalk right now?
but my other tabs are taking up a lot of room too
rip pink
I like her name. ):
): It's "Hads"
I. Um. THREE SNAKE, PINK.
is one of the three snakes his penis?
the secret snake
tubes how are you not fucking dead
you live on beer and fuckin peanut butter crackers
you should have like. scurvy
tru, thal.
nick did kian ever tell his grandma that he was peacing out to join some pirates? XD
XD
at least that's something
it's just two boats. Plunderer was part of DG's crew until he triggered. Then he was like "WHY DO I HAVE TO WORK UNDER A WOMAN I'M GOING TO MAKE MY OWN CREW"
There's a bit to it, yes. a good chunk of it though is "eh, why the fuck not?"
DG's power works best at sea. Eight is super fucked in the head and thinks he is a pirate. Barnacle is just kind of there. He's cool.
eight's name is not steve
spelt. did you kill your waifu
for laifu?
spelt how dare
You'd probably need a metric fuckton for it to do anything.
oh my god
mmm. detroit tastes like... sin... fire... semen... and teen angst.
):<
no. NO. I will accept fucking. Kanye the cape. I will accept the fact that scion saved Tupac. But I will not. NOT settle for a guy fieri cape
the motherfucker's real last name is FERRY.
he's not even italian.
What a hack
Tell, is that Sicol's tagline?
It probably does involve "dying" though.
It's probably better that Tell kills people in campaigns, rather than real life
wait. when did yumgar put his name on?
O.O
when on earth did he do that?
I'm going to have to ask him about that.
He probably put his name on forever ago and then just. forgot.
Tell do you want me to ask him if he still wants on the queue?
Because I don't know if he even remembers signing up haha
He's running DnD right now. But I'll ask him when he comes to bed.
if he takes it though, i'm going to have to sit down and binge all of sicol bend, i guess.
his spot on the queue, div
fucking. Queue is a pain in the ass word. you don't need four of the letters on there.
Yumgar's.
I don't think so?
yeah
i'm just laughing my ass off. because I'd give my left tit to be in sicol. and I didn't even know my fucking fiance signed up.
yeah. like. I don't know when the fuck he signed up.
holy shit.
yeah. jesus.
shakin my goddamn head
:-P
I wouldn't do that, pink.
shhh spelt. don't speak that name
is that the gorilla chick?
night nick
that is correct, Faust.
Well. Lexi would have read it if May did
so maybe three, faust.
Of Mice and Men
I made a "Tell me about the rabbits" joke for nick's character
and that led to a discussion as to whether or not each PC had read it.
I didn't have to read it.
But i was in the advanced class. so only the normal class had to read it?
the advanced class was weird in my town.
instead of being like. it's own class? it was in place of the second english class?
FIGHT ME PINk
also he's turning it down, tell
i think he's dumb but
oh my god pink
pink you're a goddamn gem
Pink like. never fails to make me laugh my ass off
what
yeah no that's.
You scared me for a second
I was like
what
Nah. Yum signed up forever ago, forgot he did it
and then I asked him about it and he was like "nah I don't want it"
I just said that I'd give my left tit to be in.
but i doubt tell wants my severed left tit in exchange for my fiance's spot
I am not taking anyone's spot.
wat
it's the better one?
it's an expression.
oh my god
pink your game turned into this because you let people like tubes in
i'm gonna go to bed. Night everyone.
): poor cg
):
i mean they probably have to wait until the park closes to get it
because they can't stop the ride for it?
bow has risen from the dead
but yeah. that sucks major balls. ):
hi dol
okay. is there anyone that knows like.
tinker shit?
okay. so faust scanned two people and wants to use the modules on his dog and suit and I don't know how this works
I fucking hate tinkers
Like. they're cool in concept
oh man though they're such a pain
i don't know what the fuck is going on
so I'm going to go back to reading san raul logs
rip shoal you did a thing.
yes
You made him cry like a little bitch boy
and admit that he jerks it to anime tiddies
I loved it.
I love artisan. I want to hug him
yes el
for punching people in the face
punching
F O R P U N C H E S
):
i gave shoal a rip and you punched me
Eh might do some gens later in the week depending on how far Norwalk goes
Nooo. I'm not going to kill you thal
I'm not killing anyone
If i hit ten sessions I'm gonna like. Consider letting in a few more people
Norwalk. But I already have people picked, jygg
Dude I worked there
It was a decently sweet gig until my anxiety took over.
Yeah. I volunteered there and was lining up to do an internship but then I freaked out and I ended up going to work at a burger joint instead.
And we stopped halfway through, meg
I have the logs though. We're going to resume sometime this week
I'll send you logs once I'm back on my laptop
Actually mega. I think that you can access the logs by clicking on the last Norwalk log and then hitting next session
Haha. I just start making a log page as soon as I start a session
Bye meg
Heyo Faust
anti, faust. I'm settled down so whenever you're ready
ace
sorry that took a moment
anti you forgot a secret session in there
the slumber party
too many tabs, too many tabs
hey non's alive
someone was looking for him the other day
ur a stranger/blaster trigger
I'm always in gay baby jail. I just had to clown on you for a sec
i just don't give a fuck
I'm shit at powergen
and i'm trying to work and run a session
nick is a beautiful baby child don't you dare, vern
ignore spelt. he's spelt.
why are you all like this.
i am just trying to run a wholesome game of bloods vs. Not the crips.
one day
probs
oh did my incident report not make it to the list, anti? :-P
give him the ol' nick
rocky is the true hero of norwalk
just waiting for when Marcelle can make one of those collars that turns Rocky into Dug from Up.
"YOU ARE MY MASTER AND I LOVE YOU."
"THE JOKE IS FUNNY BECAUSE THE SQUIRREL GETS DEAD"
hopefully this guy doesn't have like. Hepatitis or anything
Rocky is a good boy yes he is, yes he is.
it's a pretty name
rip
Someone saw through your robotic lies, dive cock.
I should have known you were made of metal all along.
damn. CG needs to get his phone back because ho man. San Raul is so good.
I like her a lot
the last session I read was the one where she and shoal bust into Darren's base.
I'M STILL WINNING WORDCOUNT.
\o/
suck my dick, firlz.
I mean
uh
good go
ah yes the ol trunkarooni
this is a competition you didn't even know you entered
i'm watching you, firlz. If that even is your REAL name.
mega am I allowed to talk to sirocco or am I banned from that
I can get out of foam. But yes I'll be good.
That's something that Gwyn would want to do. Talk with him, since they're going to have to work together against Caitiff
if i have to be handcuffed, so be it.
I really like this session with sirocco, findlay, and freeman.
Beer and Bathroom: The tubes Story
oh my god
thank you, faust. And anti for you help
i'll have cleaned logs in a hot mo, meg
all right
just make them all say "Fuck"
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_gx_kaK56VaY74576-nM4SEYVKpsOGDEuSYL7JVNbJM/edit?usp=sharing
cleaned logs
I really like the quote I picked for this one
that's a Saff question, not an anti question.
Biology major.
if it's a bacteria you should be good.
virus... eh it depends.
what is she sick with?
yeah
don't risk that
don't fuck with the flu
E. coli is a bacteria
yes, firlz
that's like. the biggest thing we use in the lab.
a virus isn't alive.
it's DNA or RNA coated in protein
so you can't kill it because it's not alive.
E.coli is a bacteria. So it can always die
but the fucking
don't eat the food
that's my final line
am I being sacrificed to resurrect Dallas?
Oh okay. Do i have to be bathed in beer first?
man. I've been really pleased with the last few norwalk sessions
She shot it at the range
Shot em
ah yes. The angel of pray the gay away
it's a fun one, shade.
dark ensnare is one. Mishie is another.
who are you thinking of, faust?
Also faust you've finally been added to wind tunnel's blurb
congrats
since you made your debut
by beating the shit out of True Blood
literally the worst motherfucker.
"Are you a crip?"
that would have been pretty fucking funny.
they're just a pair of jackoffs. All they want to do is smoke weed and like. Jam in their band
fight it, spelt.
PUT EM UP
become the wifi, spelt
oh
maybe don't eat the wifi then
I feel like I just. have to find new ways to make mishie miserable.
because he literally joined the worst gang
bag of marbles has just turned into a gay orgy. Close up shop norwalk is cancelled.
while you were busy being homosexual, she studied the blade.
oh man. That one is good, faust
I was going to use "The one where Damian puts the Lord in drug lord"
but yours is good too
interviews with monster girls.
rip
at least audrey didn't get apocrypha. That would have been fun. Just surprise your skin is attacking your friends
night everyone!
N e v e r
Couldn't resist. Sorry druz
Oh. I didn't know I was closer.
*close
Yeah man. Romance the bow
I made Faust eat a bowl of nails without any milk to get into Norwalk.
And then I threw him into the snake pit for three days
Only when he crawled out alive did I let him in
What Faust
Oh
Yeah
Shit.
I guess I did it in reverse for mishie.
i'm soooorrryy pink
that literally just happened in my kitchen five minutes ago, pink
everyone puts my favorite fucking pan on top of the cabinets!!!!
):
Pink why must you torture me like this
is revenge for titsmacking that woman
thanks meg
FUCKIN FITE ME
Audrey doesn't even necessarily want to join the wards. She just didn't want that lady to touch her
and that pawn shop lady was like "Look you must be a runaway i'll call help"
hey dol
yeah
yeah
she's so behind to everyone
I'd like to think she's just stuck in this eternal cry limbo
that's because apoc is dead and. I don't know what non's deal is
I'm easy to schedule though. :D
because I have no fucking life
morn faust
if cogo returns from the dead i'm taking him too
leaving anti to help my ass for a little longer
because I realized yesterday with faust's session that i'm still way out of my depth
like. I super want anti in. but I also super need his help because I suck
i just completely like. rearranged my player doc and session logs though
thanks meg
why do i keep putting myself in positions where I need rolls
Faust's session was super good
faust that's your ASSISTANT
she's a nice lady
and you're using her for a coat rack
can't wait till I put up the next PHO thread hehehe
i like hearing people's theories on them. :)
OUCH
y'all are slaying me
):
Vortex is way cooler than me.
there is a bit of a self insert. But it's not a villain.
tru
Barnacle supercedes you, nick
so if grin dies, and eight dies, barnacle is captain.
his name is steve. no one likes steve
that hat was atrocious, nick. You should be glad it's gone.
motherfucking pirates.
you don't have any flakes on her
I'm laughing my ass off
I will break kian.
AP stats was my hardest ugh. I remember I got stuck on one problem and then they were like "TEN MINUTES REMAINING" And I still had half the test to go
i don't remember my AP lit test. I remember... some of AP euro? because for some reason they didn't let us leave until everyone was done?
AP bio I fucking zoomed through and was like BYE BITCHES
Hey so who's around for a gen
cogo, you can trigger
lololol faust
Discuss for five minutes. and then start PMing stuff to me I guess.
okay. start sending them in i guess
i've got four powers
anyone else planning
okay. Just send them in when you ready
oh mishie are you alive?
All right
here we go
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18fwPEdDxHS-Cnc_s56uCFQUnCES-4huAUF36wDjgkKI/edit?usp=sharing
Okay power 1
yeah
that's. really intense
it's like. If Adonis got into league of legends
go ahead, van
same
Moving on to two, then
yeah
Pink no
I already have mishie stabbing people in the ass.
I don't need cogo stabbing people WITH his ass
Yeah
Okay. Moving on to power 3?
I think it's kind of cool though. Like an air version of Hydra
I like it. It doesn't fit the best but it's interesting. anything else to say about 3?
Four, then.
yeah. I don't really want powers that are super bookkeeping
considering I already have faust
Number 5.
yeah. I'm not particularly feeling this one.
six
deer. Coyotes.
fox, bunnies, squirrels
yeah
next then?
not too hard of a burden I don't think
since it's one thing
I do like doomfist.
okay. let's talk about the last one
Okay. So.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18fwPEdDxHS-Cnc_s56uCFQUnCES-4huAUF36wDjgkKI/edit?usp=sharing
all right. Sign off next to the ones you vote for
Because that's easier for me to keep track of
oh gosh um.
yeah. seven is the winner
I did really like the dragon one.
cogo is now listed as "the love glove"
sorry spelt. I liked yours a lot. It's just. Super complicated.
oh my god
what is it with tinkers and jerking off
a solution to a long term problem of not Getting Any
you can tinker without jerking it.
does he have an art site?
when you think it don't be like that
but
it
do
I just need to finish Mishie's session, then I can put up the last PHO thread for arc 1.
):
audrey is so good
she's smol. and pure.
i PM'd you your power
it's not a competition, foss
even MORE narrowing
oh my god
yeah
he can reroll the flaw
oh gosh
CG is going to just jerk it all over my campaign isn't he
oh my god pink XD
thanks CG
because anti would. Anti would just jerk it everywhere
Oh my god I'm a moron.
apparently my physics test isn't this week. Oh thank god
thank for pats
D:
ooouch
Idk spelt ask a library?
Craft (Bonsai)
hahahaha nice one, faust.
I really like local
are we still waiting for nick to make his sheet?
D:
same
is it stuff you could google? or are you just gonna go in a completely different direction?
angelix, mish? Are you from fuckin Winx Club?
rip tuz
yeah, cg?
No, faust. in flip off's ass.
and nick can't even eat pizza
he's allergic to tomato.
I think you got the best deal, faust.
dol got a cat
thal got a probation officer
Marina does do protection rackets on the water, though
I broke mishie.
I did it
you killed two people thal
it's a full jury of cat people
sweet caroline ba ba ba..... she's got a gun.
just drink some more beer tubes you'll forget about it
cashy tries
did we arbitrarily assign a gender to cashy?
that's how you kill cashy, spelt
apparently they aren't real. None of this is real.
welcome to WD
i swear. Running mishie is just. A matter of finding all the ways to break this poor gay boy
what
u tried
u don it
thanks dol
why this time?
oh. thank you dol. :)
thanks thal
pink that sounded like you were planning to serve her for dinner
):
well. Firlz has caught the bug that Div has.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UJJKEbvHRc9Aq9KjcpD2CLHITR30pHiS8i-nVjsKuCk/edit?usp=sharing
all right fam
all of them. THIS IS HIS FINAL FORM
k-kinky
night nick
Morning
Not much. About to go to class.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UJJKEbvHRc9Aq9KjcpD2CLHITR30pHiS8i-nVjsKuCk/edit?usp=sharing
Posting for the morning crowd
that's faust, spelt.
but fire bear yes. :)
She shows up in the latest norwalk PHO thread.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UJJKEbvHRc9Aq9KjcpD2CLHITR30pHiS8i-nVjsKuCk/edit?usp=sharing
there u go
ayy good job shade.
thanks dol
No respect for kian.
Rip
Hey cg
ok how u
dead how u
rip
kick the interview's ass.
kick the interviewer's ass
kick your own ass
no, spelt first
he's asleep you can get him quick
probably best to discuss in #relationships jygg
is it cg's masturbation tinker?
a solution to a long term problem of not Getting Any
no one belives you vern
but yeah. I'm calling him "the love glove" for right now
but CG promised not to jerk it all over my campaign so
Just jerking it all day
His first quest is to jerk it twelve times in one day without chafing
I've never owned a penis
Who needs taste
Rip
https://68.media.tumblr.com/463db86f17abc2932e11c118f2a6f65b/tumblr_inline_on7c0agKEU1ri4d3y_540.png
it us
ell we're all dead on the inside
i'm so fuckin booorrreeeddd
i've got class in an hour. ):
the problem is i'm sitting in the building trying to find something to do
why would I do that, spelt.
):<
fire bear is so good she's so pure she has a metal jaw
hey mega
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UJJKEbvHRc9Aq9KjcpD2CLHITR30pHiS8i-nVjsKuCk/edit?usp=sharing
here mega
you're a good
spelt you can't tell me what to do
i am composed 90% of glitter, spelt.
I was once voted "Most likely to own every color of glitter"
):<
yes, ell. I was.
I did in fact own like. every color of glitter.
my sorority days were weird.
I also ended up with like. Twelve rhinestoning pens at one point.
no. it was a pain for me to fucking clean. Because the sorority got GLITTER ALL OVER MY GODDAMN CARPET
):<" Is this supposed to be a stern muppet or an angry frowning person.
yes
no, tubes. Non is a dice gremlin
damn now that I think about it I want to play a character that fuckin wears heelies everywhere. Like one of those people who was just super obnoxious in 2006 heelying through the grocery store. The kind of person that fell on their face and their parents like. threatened to sue and got heelies banned from the grocery store for everyone
it was a thing.
i didn't say they did sue
I said they threatened to sue
Cg is a jerking tinker
Though lol anti was like "this is going to be such a simple tinker" and I'm looking at the tables and there's all this quest nonsense and I'm like ??? Anti why are you like this
Fuckin tinkers
Look. I may not have a dick but I remember what I was doing at fourteen.
Writing a lot of bad fanfic and crying over nick Jonas
That's what I did at fourteen
this warms my garlicky heart, guys
I'm italian. My soul is made of garlic.
The reason y'all can't shut me up is because no one's handcuffed me uet
*yet
no. I'm on the same level as anti in cooking, I'd say
we have different strengths in cuisine but we're both good at parsing out flavors without recipes.
i mean. you're not wrong, meg.
one of those times I kind of liked it.
may will aggressively avoid her powers until she accidentally doggo bombs her girlfriend
that's all my fault.
hey bow
probably findlay
you haven't sent me enough severed fingers in the mail, spelt.
just send a basket of puppies to her room
watch her cower in the corner and second trigger
for flashing people?
That was my only fuckup!
you told me to off coldhand.
the trap fuckup wasn't my fault?
and it wasn't really a fuckup. the trap was made. Non just didn't fall in it.
idk spelt go to texas roadhouse and take a shit in the corral
wouldn't be the first time it happened.
no one liked forge anyway
i don't remember what snow's schedule was. The problem with mine was that it wasn't consistent week to week
so like. One week I'd be working mornings friday to sunday. Then the next i'd be doing wednesday night, friday night, saturday morning, saturday night.
and they wouldn't put up the schedules until like. The day before the new one
I just need a matching brand on my ass that says "Property of Sahara Moonflower Mendez"
i did that coming out of the womb
part of it. I was a shitty kid.
but i've already explained my distaste for children before and it's not particularly relevant to WD anyway
what is relevant to WD is me dying on the inside while all us nerds in local wait for nick to finish his charasheet.
:-P
I know nick
I just want to know where I am.
foster's home for imaginary slights
hey tuzi
well I just almost electrocuted myself
i went to plug my laptop in. and yum had left an iphone charger in the extension cord? except part of it had broken off?
and I had just reached down to grab the cord and I didn't notice
and so it buzzed my hand a little
it was a definite moment of "OH SHIT I FUCKED UP" though
no but it made my hand feel weird
i didn't like it
if i recall correctly, the origin of the colloquial usage of "nimrod" goes back to bugs bunny
):
rip
damn. good job non
what about the time you made poor aq cry ):
speaking of AQ i can't wait untl this interlude is done because I want to wave it in people's face and be like "LOOK AT MY PRECIOUS DAUGHTER"
):
"I don't want to go to jail ma'am I'm only sixteen." "Oh you'll only go for like. 30 years in a max security facility."
well yes.
it's just kind of funny. Queen was a kid who got mixed up in some stuff over her head and mendez ran her through the wringer. Cwn consciously made decisions, was unstable, and had confirmed malicious kills and she got put on the team.
Cwn kind of got the arc that (at the time) I had wanted for queen. But now I like where she went a lot better.
it would have been interesting, though, to see Queen assimilate in the wards while trying to get off of drugs and also missing the crap out of shades. But her actual arc ends up being a lot cooler.
:-P
Freeman says she shouldn't be in cleveland
send her to an unnumbered department
after she gets serious help and medication
mishie fuck you she's not killing shades
):<
but yeah no if freeman had his way, verdict and Cwn would be hanging out with sveta in the reject dump
i think there's bound to be a point where Freeman just has to flip the table and be like "Where do you people keep finding these fucked up capes?"
"He's fucked up. She's fucked up. I'M fucked up. Are there any other fuckups I need to know about?" And then Audrey pops up in the corner and sobs. And Freeman walks out.
nick how old is rat boi
thanks nick
i'm just reading this session and i oculdn't remember
I didn't end up catching this one live
wink memes. amazing
One of them wins a Valiant With Motorcycle action figure. It must be very new. He only has Valiant Without Motorcycle.
when does freddy get the cwn annwn action figure? you press her tummy and she has a nervous breakdown
with voice lines such as "I'm a disappointment" and "What do you mean i'm not allowed to bootycall quickdraw?"
oh my god XD
now with "Shower masturbation playset"
gigawatt's action figure just comes with a bag of cocaine to snort
when does freddy get the cwn annwn action figure? you press her tummy and she has a nervous breakdown
"I just want to kill a hobo!"
come on mega, get to it.
damn I forgot i'm part of the reason freddy's dad won't let him join the wards
sorry fam
if gwyn found out about that she'd feel really really bad.
like me rending a squad?
everyone else has gotten a tissue sample. If I get fucked i'm actually fucked
):
poor cwn. her hands don't work right, she's missing a kidney...
true that
mendez won't let her fuck the very nice french canadian lady...
I did!
I just you knwo. shouldn't have stolen grenades
the only one hurt though was my ego
I mean. I knew I wasn't authorized for them
oh man. I like the first one I think
rip soma
hell yeah
antici—
—pation
actually anti. Question
caitiff mentions that he could fix cwn's smoke. Is he talking out his ass, implying that he would kill her, or something else?
she wouldn't take the offer at all. but I was curious
would that involve giving her the clumsy contessa?
i love it, faust
I love hops
mine's probably AQ?
tell, I just really enjoy your characters across the board I think.
"No one will believe me anyway. I mean. My name is 'KILL-hand', not 'Really nice-hand'."
damn anti i forgot about that quote
"Amphetamine Queen's back for a one time special showing! After leaving Cleveland, she decides to unnecessarily make herself upset by trying to get back in touch with her shitty parents." Anti i s2g
tru mish
god damn. I need to finish this queen shit because I'm like. VIbrating about it
like. not to be that bitch but anti and I are like. On a roll.
It's probably one of my favorite things I've written
malfire makes herself so darn likeable tho
mishie stop getting naked at school
Stop getting naked! *Takes off her skin*
sorry pink i'll put my skin back on
):
or just a bunch of bubble wrap
"Now audrey don't go near anything tall"
):<
I already have one, pink.
it doesn't help when people hide it thoguh
I liked the bacon quote a lot, faust
what would you say your favorite cleveland session was, anti
i will
don't make artisan cry ):
but really anti. at least top 5 cleveland sessions?
top 10?
thal go home
DID I STUTTER
the masturbation tinker?
mishie doesn't want to dance with guys in wheelchairs pass it on
to be fair. danny has like. one arm and three fingers
does he even have a donger?
how can you get laid after prom if no donger
see mishie? then what's the problem
O.O I forgot about that, lurks
oh god
I would say waht I was going to say but bow just got on and I don't want him to judge me more than he already does
because I'm starting to think he has a sixth sense to tell when I'm about to say something raunchy
really, pink?
is 1 higher than six i can't remember
fuck you right now i'm studying gastrulation in frog embryos.
it's like. already tomorrow in mega land though
u hit em good jobbo
look man if it's bigger than like. a nickel I don't want it.
stop making fun of rat boi
it's not his fault his dad didn't get him the new valiant action figure
argyria is a pretty name
but my naming tendencies are shit. I still say that fellatio would be a nice name for a bou
*boy
unfortunately cunninlingus doesn't have the same ring.
oh just blame everything on cody?
because he macks on bitches?
dear god
w-what?
bitch is precious and I love her
i do. but I also really love rachel.
how did I get made into the sadbringer?
blushy r u ok
i have a friend that would highly succeed with that power
rip tubes
when life imitates art. (rip Dallas)
Can't get laid. Blow stuff up instead
ay vern
pink i'm with you. I'm so excited for indy
what will cody do without his favorite activity
even danny has a dick come on.
i just tit slapped a lady it's fine
yes
there's a reason audrey was bullied a lot
vern i'm playing AQ in indy
so not a killing spree
if she doesn't get paid she ain't killing no one
Cody macked on the wrong bitch.
He has gotten a bit of tail
why are the cans of red bull so fucking teeny weeny
i need enough caffeine for me to vibrate so hard I rocket into the sun
spelt come on you're a dude don't tell me you've never buttchugged some bull
normally i'd go for monster but my options were red bull and amp
then A) you're wrong
and B) You're super wrong
did he say that about the beer too, tubes
yeeeaaahhhh
that's just a party, panth
oh
thal's right but
that sounds about right
I did that at dragon con the one time I went.
I usually stick to getting wasted on cheap wine these days
I call it the white mom special
i'm a dog mom
which is arguably worse
bucky knows me as mommy.
he's a GOOD BOY, spelt.
hey cg
cue ball x gogurt best ship?
adonis removes bottom two ribs so he can suck his own dick
maybe he has a foam fetish. idk
ugh containment foam freaks me the fuck out
humane my ass
i mean yes but. Damn. Your brain thinks that you're going to suffocate even if you know you can breathe through it
it gets everywhere. it's claustrophobic
i didn't
oh man
anti did you write that one?
was that written after I had that discussion with you about queen and foam?
https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT0IpyvTuznMm2-310P7cVsqOMH4JSbLrYHRqqD_GnCkyj1AKD6cY7FrT9F
): rip koto
pretty cool power
too bad thal fuckin died
i'd laugh my ass off
second triggered because malfire cut his dong off
wHErE's thE DoNg?
does she need to buy one she can just steal one and burn down the store
technically decapitation is a kind of bisection
you have two pieces afterwards
hey faust
Anti there's a preacher in front of fresh foods
goodbye dong
okay cg i'm set up if you're ready
uh I don't know? Did you ever decide on that, anti?
he handled all the power stuff because tinker tables make my head fuckin spin
yum suggested a masturbation brute yesterday. his size and strength are proportional to how hard his fucking dick is
I called him "Public Indecency"
look anti. we talk about weird shit when we're in the car together
I guess
Just get him like the viking at stamford bridge
oh no I didn't. it wasn't real
just something fiance and I were talking about in the car
when I was telling him about cogo's power
one sec cog on a call
instant inguinal hernia
wow tuzi you look a lot like spelt today
I can't believe. you gave  up your dick
you fucked your sister spelt
that's a way to do it
cut off your dick and bleed out
it's poetic
foss don't bring it up again because you're going to keep doing it and every time we're gonna judge you hardcore
let's just save everyone the trouble
yeah you have to hate yourself a LOT
to be a gm
faust you beat a man near to death because he thought you were a crip.
tell do you think you need to be a bad person to be a good GM?
I agree.
I haven't killed anyone yet.
i'm too busy crying in the corner to be harmed
he doesn't have a scan function I don't believe
I'm just imagining Audrey's down time as her, sitting in this room at the PRT office sobbing her eyes out while everyone tries to offer her water and stuff and she just starts wailing about how they shouldn't touch her because her skin will come off
and no one has seen her skin come off at all
so they're like wow okay cue ball maybe you should have let her jump she's whacko
hey mega
you should probably talk to anti
yeah i'm running cg
yes meg
it's about my fate
Nick's session is supposed to be after mine though meg ):
jack r u ok
):
):
i'm sorry i have lab tonight ):
i'm hoping to finish cg before 7
and I know if I do stuff during lab tuzi will like. Pop up in my purse and stab me
oh no
this is why you don't fuck your sister fam
Aq can't take fall damage
is cg gonna kill Mr. Radford?
guess who hecked up
anti oh my god
anti stop being mean to mr. radford he's having a rough time
his daughters don
don't speak to him
freddy is also 14
didn't even bring him jello
oh good he didn't fuck up the grabbing hand
that is why his daughters don't visit.
I almost had him call them cunts but that was a level this old man just. Too much
i'm glad you added that note in the character sheet, cg
the one about fapping
poor guy can't dodge
I'm really liking index.
oh my god. find a cure for mr. radford's cancer. is that to make up for nearly killing him and then having him get glassed to shit?
oh my god
what year is san raul in?
So like two weeks behind norwalk
operation get the bike to hops
we're in the second week of january
if index hadn't gotten a six on the roll to grab the cart he would have accidentally grappled one of the nurse's tits.
and yes mega
I GOT THE BREAD AND MILK
"I don't know man just go talk to this old coot"
he can't zap himself it's not plugged in
faust STOP MAKING ME LAUGH I'M AT WORK
yeah shade
we're all on our laptops
this past summer half the office was playing pokemon go and the other half was playing Civ 5
It's a nice job. anti's fiancee is my boss
druz
YOU'RE MAKING ME LAUGH
oh god
this is worse than the time anti just kept saying "Sniff" in my ear while I was on a call
stranger danger stranger danger
I'm not taking druz out of this log i'm just warning u'all
ugh I got to go walk over to lab soon
anti u ready?
yeah
it's a sunday. cg. like. dawn on sunday haha. if you're telling dad you stayed late at school you're gonna get a mega whooping
420 praise it
i need to pick a quote for the page hm
is it because you were chugging the communion wine?
I got kicked out of dance classes.
So tempted just to put druza as the highlight quote but that's not fair to cg haha.
Considering mega is planning on interrogating may
Hm. I need to talk to you about a few things meg.
Index is so good.
Even though he assaulted an old man
I guess I'm adding mr. Radfprd to the npc list
Illicit fro yo
This isn't Detroit fam.
No fro up
*yo
There are like. At least two different ice cream places I can think of that are amazing.
St. elmo's fire is a kind of lightening
i need a quote for this ah
okay. log is up
rip
leaving poor daisy chain in a shallow grave
fulv just wants to vaguely threaten his roommate
leave it to wind tunnel or faust breaks your legs
I go away for two seconds and y'all are saying nice things about me
Shhh you can't talk during your power gen
Oh you added cyn to local?
P cool. Been talking to him for a few days. Cool dude
The old method was everyone just. Spits ideas here
New method everyone pms ideas to the gm and then they make a doc and there's a core
For
Core
VOTE
I can't. Type. On. My. Phone.
Right
Ouch meg.
ur the nerd
i want a legend beanie baby
a person's favorite member of the triumvirate says a lot about them
if you like legend you're gay. If you like eidolon you're wrong. And if you pick alexandria someone should probably punch you in the face.
you can also tell a lot about a person by who their favorite s9 member is.
bonesaw may be my favorite.
you're a fan of adonis?
yeah. i've got two really cool tinkers in norwalk
i especially like the quests for cg. that's fun.
i think it's doing better now that people are hurrying it along more
divock punches old people pass it on
dive cock
faust just fuckin wrecked that dude
you got hit in the gut
oh my god
sssssssssassssssshimi
my name is sssssssssshoal.
oh my god i forgot an sss
of course we're doing this when sssssssssssoulpelt is asssssssssleep
damnit
Hello
Fight me spelt
Spelt only has one joke nick it's fine
:-P
Wow spelt im feeling very bullied ):
Hi dive cock
Meg will you be around this weekend? I'd like to run you at some point
Druz have you returned from seven hells?
Cyn is like. Above and beyonding.
And I'm sitting here with my doc that says "idk they're gay"
What
Why
Vern. ):
I did powers, civ id, physical description, and sexuality.
Some have triggers. Some have other details
Statistically yes. But I'm bi so I like having a range of characters.
Yeahhhh
): Vern I'm bi please those aren't my colors.
It's pink lavender and blue!
https://goo.gl/images/ensE8n
Siegfried is the only one who likes my puns
The cat's out of the bag
Because I'm fantastic Vern
Monday should be fine.
Lake Titicaca? That one always gave the giggles in middle school.
Are you rubbing cg today, Faust?
*running
I'm on my phone!!!
I mean. Rub cg if you want I guess
Yeah huh
Yeah
yeah I don't really get number three?
the oracle. I like it but it'd be a pain to gm
precogs are a pain in the asssssss
you're fucking dead in cleveland, firlz
thal what are may's brothers names again?
I'm too lazy to open the file
thanks thal
i'm writing some extra stuff because I have nothing better to do with my shit life
i'm running thal tonight faust
and hahhahahaha. you'll see in a bit. I'm almost done
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yjalLv5dOFL-j1jRoSzuG2MXFK82pUq9Yy-5b-fJxdQ/edit?usp=sharing
I like incident reports.
it's not a real link hahaha
best way to get in is stick around and contribute to the community
I think Cyn got all the players he wants
easiest way to get involved is to run your own setting. Like. 99% of the newbies who started GMing ended up as a PC somewhere else.
If you want to watch a game, I'll be running thalia in like an hour and a half?
all right, Spell. I run #WDNorwalk
you can access the room by clicking that link
thanks faust. :)
druza what do you mean you showed up in norwalk yesterday
:-P
I loved it
I was almost asked to leave the room at work because I was laughing so hard
it was like. the right moment to pop in too, druz
and nah spell
no
damnit faust
Yes hello the cops please arrest faustus
really?
I don't think  i've seen a lot of teleport type movers
I see a lot of fucking fliers though
then again I have capes of both classes
no one likes speedsters for some reason
none of this is real
i'm not real
tuz I realized that I haven't said hello to you today
we see everything
claw you can't exorcise me. ):
you ready?
Game in #WDNorwalk for the newbies who want to watch
#WDNorwalk spellspin
If you want a summary of what's going on, you can either read the logs linked in the doc in the topic, or just PM me and i'll tell you because I'm vain and like talking about my shit
:)
please don't poot on may, spelt.
I'm just kind of tickled that Thal chose macbeth as the play they did the year before.
because in you know. Real world. We did a midsummer night's dream that year. The only year we did shakespeare.
(and the only year that the fuckin drama teacher didn't hate my guts but that's a story for another time)
Nah. Leave the pucking it up to Nick
That was a fun play though. I had a HUUUUGE crush on the guy who played bottom. I was one of the fairies and I got to touch his head and I nearly fucking died. My little fourteen year old heart couldn't handle it.
it's still a funny coincidence
good job faust
it's the same school yeah
gay
hey cg
how you?
hell ye
I don't think I've had a cape with a five in anything.
i'm all for making saint shit himself.
i'd really hope you're not using grapple for sex.
oh i'm sorry I just don't want someone to GRAPPLE MY TIDDIES
look man. that's no way to give a handjob
\o/
get the girl, cg!
who're you running, tuz?
k-kawaii, teruzi-senpai
wait. so are you running or are you not running, tuz?
I look away for two seconds and tuzi's changed nicks like six times
:-P
fight me tuz
mishie i thought you were spiders
JUST FUCK ALREADY
or come get me out of this hole it's dark down here.
it's not my fault my sister was too high to let me in the house
straya
same
JUST KISS HER, ENTIENDO!
typically you don't make a character sheet until you're in a campaign
also. GO GO CG KISS THE GIRL.
is every session going on right now just rife with sexual tension?
tru, faust
CG just go stab daniel and all of his friends it'll be fine
i'm starting to wonder if the ellipses faust keeps spitting out are intended or if he's just floored by these rolls
i know what they mean
but it's funny when I see CG ace a roll and then ...
never dump guts ah
girl is trying to get some of that entiendick.
rip cody's dong
it wasn't very large to begin with
we're all losers here
considering most of us are adults and we're running around and playing superhero on the internet.
I enjoy running around and playing superhero on the internet
night van
good night friends
Hey cg
Did y'all do more local after I went to bed?
Oh?
I don't know if you caught it, anti, but Hadley mentioned your character in the session
Hey meg. It's not done yet, but you should still be able to get to the logs.
Thal give me a mo. Like. Five minutes maybe?
Someone write that doesn't
*down
Fucking phone
AQ is my most fleshed out character, I think.
Mainly because I still do a lot with her
okay thal. i'm ready fam
oh my GOD
fuckin
actually
no fucking
you took him and cut his dick off, dol
Yes good
Thal I'm going to a meeting with my project partner so posts might be a bit slower
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kBtPU_1jl99NDL2pS5gYTlgtxh1YLPvOmVY1kWtMqH8/edit?usp=sharing
there is no groot in earth bet you jackoff
that's thal
just get a foam sprayer from adonis
Great job may
Says the guy whose dog mauled a man
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kBtPU_1jl99NDL2pS5gYTlgtxh1YLPvOmVY1kWtMqH8/edit?usp=sharing
I still need more shitposts
you're not wrong
She starts off using the fun and cuddly persona and then she just slowly descends into the "Fuck everything."
norwalk's PR team has to fight with her constantly
yes
I did them yesterday for um. Reasons. I swear.
I just liked them so much I had to post them.
Idk i like the little immersive bits
hahaha thank you.
thanks bel
shhhh secrets
the power of lesbians
I've gotten like. One thing done today that I wanted to do. I feel way behind.
I wanted to run mega at some point this weekend but today is shot and tomorrow I'm probably gonna be stuck with the in laws
which. Y'all know how I feel about that
wait mega what are you still doing up?
isn't it like. the middle of the night over there?
okay it looks like I don't /have/ to go to the in laws tomorrow. Mega will you be around?
cool cool.
i've been running so much i've been itching to play lately.
nice
:-P
Diet Crawler? Crawler Zero? Cherry Crawler? Crawler with a twist of Lime?
I don't believe that man has ever been to medical school
hey man lacroix is my shit
FIGHT ME I LOVE LACROIZ
*lacroix
i'm a fuckin. nerdo who drinks sparkling goddamn water
ur cool
ur not cool, spelt.
sorry spelt
lewd
it'd be a sin to ask
poor audrey is still stuck in the cry closet
he don't got a dick to stick into malfire no more
did she take just the cock? Or were the balls involved too?
in what
oh
faith that he'll be reunited with his donger
sup fulv how u
you're terrible.
yes
):<
hey cg
night nick
ur the worst
):<
i knew a karl in elementary school
he got whacked in the head with a pickaxe on a field trip
I still want to know who thought it was a good idea to send a bunch of fourth graders into an old quarry with pickaxes but. You know whatever.
I loved the whole thing with the illegally streaming stuff. bless verdict
they don't have zee though.
good moooorrrn
hey meg.
just let me make my coffee and then we can get goin
all right. I'm ready
never gonna give u up
Never gonna let u down
Never gonna run around and
Let you stop paying alimony
hey dive cock
I call divock dive cock
like.
dive kick
but.
the options are dive. and cock.
something something 'we're not supposed to shitpost here'
hey tell
There's a game in #WDNorwalk right now, voic.
*Void
and thal yes. Watching rat boi cry is my favorite hobby
meme
i'm jazzed for my next cleveland session
"Anyway here's wonderwall" *Shoots someone in the face*
what things have been retconned, anti?
faust you can't get blood on her nICE CLEAN FLOOR
Six I think.
5 year old girl, 15 year old girl, 16 year old boy, 10 year old boy, May, and Index.
Hey, quick can't take out Caitiff. I have to take out Caitiff! I think cwn would like. Shit herself if she got blue balled again
I have to wait for mega to make decisions before I have another session. ):
Oh San Raul
Just start stripping
Quick wanted some
Hey can I trade you a blue eyes white Alexandria for your legend lotus?
I'm going to use my coil of greed to draw two cards.
Later anti would you be able to send me the full deck?
His only achievement was selling my nudes
I'm getting really excited for some Norwalk stuff coming up ahh
I enjoy running this stupid campaign.
Why do you say that anti?
And stuff I can't say. Though your session is up there dol
Queue isn't open right now thay. I just took three people so it's closed for a bit
Okay. I'm glad it's fun and good to read and all that. Readability was something I strived for.
I left for two seconds and y'all let an endbringer in
Like. See. This is why my brand of insanity is needed. It keeps the balance.
Because otherwise we're all going to be irradiated to death
They are reality rending. I don't know what they would do though
They come in waves and then drop off like flies
I've been here through many moons. Many waves. I've disappeared myself once or twi—SPELT FUCK OFF
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1THR2AHHy83OZQ-b9iKzep3tbyUUmvkIX2Xj3T633b3A/edit?usp=sharing
go nuts.
Rip Dallas
Breaker triggers are the "eh nothing else fits"
There's some info in the rule book I think?
That feeling is more changer than breaker I feel
Yeah. I just. Don't get breaker from that at all
Foss wtf
Maybe the real breaker
Was the GM.
Dol's Norwalk character is an interesting kind of mover
What
dicksack
Dicksack.
Mishie, Dicksack would have been a new haven name
helen was a bit of a nerd
i read like. three logs
I read helen meeting with Ghetto G-Sus
I read schuyler meeting with um. Whatever the villain group was?
and then... maybe it was just those two
fuk u spelt
): spelt why would you bully me?
mishie spelt is bullying me
Quick is a lying liar who lies. But she gives good hugs.
yeah!
):
no step on snek
did. Is she okay???
NOOOO
ANTI ARE YOU JUST OGING TO KILL EVERYONE OFF?????????
going
I'm
I AM VERY UPSET
she... she was nice to Cwn.
shot at, tinker battery, cremated
):
true
Well. Cwn's probably okay at Bjs. Queen is the one that gives toothy blow jobs
cwn just kind of lays there like a limp fish though
she through a man into a rend hole because he dropped her.
probably not
if he is I'll be mad.
BLUE BALLED AGAIN
the final boss of cleveland is cwn just running through the streets and rending everyone because the protectorate won't let her fight
ouch mish
the memo for the door is on her phone though
REND THE DOOR
): this wouldn't have happened if mega let me bootcall her
):
late cleveland has just been an attempt by anti to slowly break me
and the list gets shorter. who's next?
My money is on wink
call me when you trigger, bel.
and in the end, you didn't even bang the secretary.
lexi isn't.
yeah turn
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit?usp=sharing
there are logs on my page
mine is relatively new, so it's not a whole lot to get through
san raul is amazing
oh anti you edited the capes page. Ha. I'm liking your character already.
follow Cogo for assaulting dying people
HE RAINED GLASS ON THIS DUDE
to be fair though. Mr. Radford is a bit of a jackass
oh. anti updated the "Know where you live" page
to include "Naked angel" and index
i mean there are a lot of reasons people can be running around and covered in blood
murder
menstruation
labor
being stabbed
you can't menstruate and be in labor cam
wits 0
she's in the graveyard, bel
longinus has been alive all along
HERE COMES SKELETON KING
night loser
mods are asleep, destroy an entire city
of course you'd give that advice, tell. :-P
you're the most lethal gm on the server
in these trying times
just think
WWBD? What would behemoth do
i don't want to kill people. I just want to break their little psyches.
$roll 1d100 fuck u anti
did she assault the fondue for it being sinful(ly delicious)?
Hey. I disappear and then come back Sometimes.
Nah. I've disappeared for months at a time, firlz.
i mean firlz you don't notice a lot
anti who are you going to make cry in your next san raul session
You're just going to make him dead
People die when they are killed
i've got to go to bed. night fam
Good morn
):< Mega this wouldn't have happened if you had let me bang her
but now cwn won't know. She'll just. Keep texting her. and texting. And no response back. She'll think she fucked up.
vern
don't say that
Oh are they? Cranberry
Sounds like he was the master/stranger all along. Pomegranate.
man i'm super itching for cwn's next session
oh. For the morning crew.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1THR2AHHy83OZQ-b9iKzep3tbyUUmvkIX2Xj3T633b3A/edit?usp=sharing
Dol today
like I literally. I believe it was the "Behind the name" name generator
and it popped up as "Dick Burns" and I laughed so hard I couldn't /not/ use it
Norwalk has really funny moments, and also really serious moments. I like how no two players are doing the same thing. Like. You can kind of see how things that happen to one or two people affect the others, but at the moment it's still just a bunch of nerdos trying to figure everything out.
The seals are so good. They were always my favorite.
hey meg
lololol
reddit? being good at things?
water borkers
(actually seals don't vocalize. Sea lions do)
I was a little shit when I worked at that aquarium and every time people barked at the seals i'd be like "Seals don't bark!"
I would also um. Correct them when they called the seals boys (there were seven girls. Like how do you fuck this up) and when they called them sea lions.
don't misgender my mermaid daughters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHz7pLbkThI If anyone wanted to know what the seal pool looks like
^^^
dol are you going to swim in the seal pool
IT'S JANUARY
THEY SHIT IN THAT POOL
DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY TIMES I CLEANED POOP???
I think it was only once because I was ass kissing the lead aquarist to try to get an internship.
I have never ever munchkined....
most people don't.... I.. /what/
wow y'all. put away your dicks for two seconds. No wank zone
ouch faust
yeah. i wouldn't want to GM verdict. but man that power is great.
rip cayo
i don't want to go after that booty
wits 0
wits 0
aid is
Acquired immunodeficiency
no syndrome though
because you didn't is aids
they're literally just a battering ram
oh god
thal is just this. Horror
isn't the power functional immortality?
so sorry you're stuck like this can't off yourself. lip (Live in pieces)
Ell, not to be rude, but you aren't in any games. It'd be a nightmare to play as.
eh. not much you can do with that trigger without magically curing the disease
I think the trigger is garbo
yeah. I'm not a fan of the trigger
and I've liked several of the weirder triggers
yeah.
Yeah. I do also get the breakery bits though
Maybe tinker with a smear of breaker
ooh man. Time loop tinker.
rip gigawatt
pink are you living the life of the trigger
:)
nah. she's doing okay. she's running around the aquarium and causing chaos
only a short distance away at this time, Index is robbing the  hospital
 anti now you're giving me unripe persimmon feeling in my mouth.
gross
too late, thal.
I really like power 5
Yeah. I agree with that
Five words or less
leads to some really funny failures while they're trying to get the hang of the power
"Keep summer safe"
oh man evie is brutal.
what a cunt.
so, nick's norwalk character, faust?
why would you do that to poor artisan
he just wants to jerk it to anime tiddies
artisan did nothing wrong
hey tuzi
oh snapped
*Snapper
oh did caleb run into malfire too?
Desperate Housewives of San Raul
went to the store
ayyy auntie anne's!!!
https://www.instagram.com/p/BRafnB-lBAb/
this looks like a fucking nipple.
oh wait
wrong room
oh my god
i fucked up i'm sorry
I HAVE RETURNED FROM THE SEVEN HELLS
why am I the sodomy? ):
I mean. To be fair though. The middle school health teacher screamed at us that we shouldn't have anal sex because it's "NOT SUPPOSED TO GO THERE"
and that's how you get aids.
That's a great trigger
thanks faust
literally the worst moms
what was their trigger?
could beat crawler
Awear, far, wherever you are....
don't you talk shit about mouse protector!!!
you don't got an iphone you have a sidekick.
god I wanted a sidekick so bad when I was in middle school, but we didn't have t-mobile.
So instead I got a snazzy motorola razr in pink.
I had to pay for it myself.
I did laundry around the house and saved my birthday AND christmas money to get that razr.
I have a long and sordid history with phones. It was one of the few things I spent my teenage money on
oh catfish is alive?
I don't live with anti, tubes.
I would probably kill anti if we lived in the same home.
the food would be good for two days, and then the eternal pile of dishes would kill us. Or I'd just stab him while he spelt.
slept.
Nah, tubes. Friends who live in the same town, but not roomies
according to firlz you use strongarm for sex
faust you broke her
both of your kids are shit
kids are shitty
!search hates babies
write this down for all time. Saff hates babies. (at line 495)
it's a sliding scale. Yesterday my niece told me she loved me. that was on the less shitty scale.
but she also drank ketchup out of a bendy straw
so again. Shitty.
that explains a lot, non.
does all your skin come off, non?
rip
that's something that would put me out haha. I'm lactose intolerant.
oh my god
ROLL TIDE ROLL
I think I once called nick saban a dilf
$roll 2d5
Sorry how did that turn into 2
agh
$roll 1d5 I can count
it's a hard knock life, for us.
new powergen system, flit
I wouldn't kill dive cock. ):
$luck
Well uh
It's not ruin but
dear god
can someone link me the detail gen so I can pick
ruin isn't a face card
and if I doubled ruin I'd have to find cyn and kill them
I'm going to go with bereavement I think.
$life flaw 6
yes you did lurks
one day i'll get ruin. But it's not today
yay!
the way you said it, cyn. I'm just. Imagining you strapping dreary to a table and making them drink this cauldron vial. XD
you're okay. tuzi is just being lewd
pink i would have gotten the kids hooked on crack but I accidentally assaulted a lady
for a second I though tthat said power perk "German" and i'm like. Why is that a perk? German engineering?
night everyone
Good morning fuck-os and fuckettes.
Then what do we call artisan to make him cry? Besides "a disappointment"
Lame
Hey dol
Nanananana rat boi
Cwn ends up in a straight jacket
COME ON AND SLAMMING
Get ready for some doggo.
a SEA STAR ISN'T A FISH, ANTIOCH
u wot m8
I'll fook u up i swear on me mum
U wona go, m8?
oh my god
faust about to move across campus. i'll brb
nah. he'd second trigger if he ran away from the wards and when he came back no one noticed and everyone is just sucking lumina dick.
knuckleball is a good kid
i just heard some freshman drop some glass in their lab. RIP.
ayyy three snake!!!
oh my god mega that.
well. More like "Dead smears on the ground"
freddy, get the onion rings
oh it's probably breakfast time.
French toast sticks, my man.
just nuke longinus' base
nuke the SHIT out of it
pfft. anti feel free to have cwn napping in the back corner of the cafeteria. she deserves it.
we don't need another buckler's massacre.
I WAS RIGHT
MORTAL LOCK YOU FUCKHEAD
fuckin tinkers
LET ME AT HIM MENDEZ
why did longinus want to kidnap me?
is that revenge for me killing him in Belfast?
if only someone wanted me for my heart, instead of my spatial tears
Quickdraw wanted to bang me. Valiant just brought me the tendys
non I. The image I have of you right now
you just have like six monitors. All of them have logs from WD chat on them
You're wearing a t shirt that says "Don't forget to claim and increment" and there's like. A blood ritual on the desk in front of you that grants you your dice luck
i'll make you one for your next birthday, anti
I need to get the rest of the shit out of my apartment but making that would literally be easy as pie
the stickers deffo aren't hard. I've made sheets of them at a time.
Shirts are a little more difficult. Basically I'd use the same method? My machine can either cut heat vinyl, or I could do like what I did to make the shirt for my rin cosplay and use the screentone vinyl and paint on the design.
i'm curious. Who would you put where for Cleveland characters, anti.
"Oh, sorry," Marcelle says, uninstalling the 'misogynist' module from his dog's collar.
She just has treats in her back pocket. ):
Yeah, anti
I asked you if you had a cleveland version haha
oh i'm a ding dong
you gave the dog girl the fucking MOON.
"Yeah, man. Like. Cwn annwn fucking tried to slit her wrists in front of the shrink anything goes here my man."
rip me
Rattack on titan.
wow mendez you're making the kid cry
gigawatt is NOT allowed to snort coke with rat boi
player one was the one that got surrendered
A pleasure as always, faust. I really like Marcelle
!search branding guy
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
Sorenson is just like "WHY DO YOU KEEP BRINGING ME ALL THESE NEW CAPES? I'M RUNNING OUT OF IDEAS."
"Yes, Mendez. The fuck am I supposed to do with Rat kid"
"He's made a rat version of me. It's trying to do my job."
Rat cwn. She cries a lot.
rat protector though. Jesus. Sometimes I get really sad about mouse protector. She tried.
bel you're not my real mom
my grandma doesn't know how to use a computer, bel.
She barely speaks english half the time.
i'm writing some incident reports for arc 2 of norwalk. Just so I can be up to date before these motherfuckers fuck more shit up
south eastern conference?
ur fucked
!search clumsy
It's like. The epitome of that class
Contessa is wife.
When you get a 12 you shit yourself and pray
that's how you respond
for?
oh it's embody
what time is it, Ms. Fox?
): poor jill
a tl;dr of weaverdice?
Be a moron, you die.
"bwahahahahahaha mlorglorlgle" Is that embody's beholder impression?
please
please dear god anti
rat boi
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dysXpiZfajSv6ZW-Rf_YM0yMuY_R_I4fy3BNdFWwe0c/edit?usp=sharing
this one is anti's fault.
norwalk is the city of puppo
is that the hunt for red gigawatt
anti did you decide if we're gonna do tomorrow or thursday?
okay. cool cool.
oh no it's bitches extreme
GOD DAMNIT IT'S BEEGO
Dive cock
RUIN
thalia you fucking rolled ruin
ON A FUCKING FUCKOFF ROLL
no one's got any slots open right now
and most people are hesitant to let in newbies to the chat, because they disappear all the time.
proth go back to your proth hole
if you want to play around with it, alybad, please just PM the bot
should be?
thalia has not had a ruin cape, mish
Dolyn does
which one is life flaw 3?
lololol
):<
I only have one cape with that flaw
i fucked up. i have to be up at 7 and it's almost 2AM. gonna be so ded tomorrow
night everyone
Morn
Hey panth
what was the power?
no. Sneaky pete
that was during my hiatus
eh. Why are we still discussing spellspin's reddit powers?
oh
ha
sorry man
which campaign
who genned this power?
mishie we get it you're a spider you're from straya
Mishie you need a flamethrower
it's not all about pips and numbers oh my god
I like uncertainty....
sounds like that's on you.
I really really like that sorcerer's apprentice power
this conversation is so immensely frustrating
hand me like. Six alcohol and I can
anti what time do you want to do cwn stuff 2 day
can we move onto another topic, please dear jesus
"You got a beej from amphetamine queen, trigger"
rip cody's donger
who were new
Yeah. AQ is like. Really really conscious of her appearance. And she never did meth. Just coke, adderall, and heroin.
I second triggered reading that
I love accidentallying a major plot line
I did it with jetstream.
She is canonically terrible at blow jobs, pink. XD
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/lyiwbJ2o/
pink
dear god
I swear to jack slash's third fucking nipple.
OOPS SORRRY
oh my fuycking god pink
pink you're on a roll in the "Make saff piss herself laughing" department today
Adonis. Mr. "I took out my eyes and then had to call the girl who rejected me to put them back in"
Adonis. Who replaced his dick with a foam sprayer
O.O
like i'm just. Of all the motorcity characters to steal. Adonis?????
jesus christ pink
some derps on reddit decided to start their own detroit game. with blackjack, and hookers. except they forgot the blackjack and hookers and took adonis.
roasting today
Hey t and b
Pink do you ever sleep?
u ded
oh
):
oh?
or are you just stating that I in fact. Have a job. I do.
who are we going to sue? Do we draw straws? Or just vote.
Lumina may have drawn a dong on her face.
well, the boar is canadian. So does that add another layer of convolution?
oh my god thal
nah, faust. that's verdict
Yourself
anti might be slow over the next bit. Heading off campus
The Gay Team: Origins
let's grab lumina and let's go, fam.
Cwn is just. "THIS IS HOW I MAKE FRIENDS RIGHT??"
foss don't you write the wiki?
you can't cite yourself.
but that... that doesn't make it a thinker power, spell.
oh gross
That'd probably happen to me though. I can't make choices for SHIT
eh. I think i'd take the hand maybe? Robot hand is better than glass eye
):
HE'S GOING TO DIE IN FRONT OF ME ISN'T HE??
Also, anti's fault again. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wQ3hoDay9VAT7rfwUD6YIW5pkYc5_WsVca_Ci8CKnEc/edit?usp=sharing
pm it to him, spin
bel for a moment I thought you were talking about the trigger
since uh. He lost an eye
night megor.
we gonna start discussing it?
ouch
kind of like a punchy wink
one is cool
hey bow
it's for our own good
nooo
BAKA NICK
awoo
"Not in a weird way" Cwn says as she masturbates to Valiant in the shower. "Never a weird way"
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wQ3hoDay9VAT7rfwUD6YIW5pkYc5_WsVca_Ci8CKnEc/edit?usp=sharing
anti keeps making more
because his character, who debuts soon, is a PHO cape junkie NEET
tubes, the big conspiracy would be something about the protectorate manufacturing rain of despair and index as ways to distract the public from the child murder going on
what
does he have five pips in martial arts?
guess who's back
back at it again
oh my god
!search and hookers
I HAVE RETURNED FROM THE SEVEN HELLS
half gay on my mother's side.
fleet and cwn, bonding over wink memes
loving those dank wink memes
WE GET IT YOU VAPE
It's vape man! with the power to make the room smell like watermelon
you gotta chase the cauldron vial with salt and a lime, man. Do it off a stripper. It's great
Yeah. it was nice, and seeing gwyn be not crazy for once is really refreshing.
Kind of happened in passing in Norwalk.
My fuck off villains were caught setting off fireworks in the park
they were politely told to stop
my parents pick them up when they visit me, and then set them off in the parking lot at the high school. My siblings love it. Or. My sisters do. My brother found out it's illegal and he now refuses to go with us.
yum still fucking laughs his ass off at it. Because my brother said, and I quote, "I don't want to do an illegal."
he's too good for this world. except for the fact that hes' thirteen and nearly a FOOT TALLER THAN ME
I'm smol
I'm 22 years old and all of my younger siblings are TALLER THAN ME
I almost made it the session quote
because it just
"Hey.... Hey..."
I HAVE RETURNED FROM THE SEVEN HELLS
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X8eTBSsvNtKGSw7cUcEQ6Sk8br-LrSYWC8Hp29vS_PQ/edit#
norwalk
I couldn't not, druz
it almost got me kicked out of work until I calmed down
because I was laughing so hard I was crying
and no prob
I HAVE RETURNED FROM THE SEVEN HELLS, mishie
lololololol
!search Saff
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 46)
look at that wall of shame
yeah. Index was kidnapped by druza hiding in the bushes
anyway. I've got a test tomorrow so I should probably hit the hay. Night eveyrone
a solution to a long term problem of not Getting Any (at line 528)
morn
Hey meg. Did you get my tell
Was your master plan seen through?
Sunday
And mega your master plan was to make me make friends.
Hi dol
): dol how could you
I did think about that. I initially was
Going to have you on a Monday
But there's some stuff I can think of
Pfft. What a nerd
Tru
!search hookers
Oh my god
It's a good thing fleet don't swing that way
"It's okay if you're gay! I'm half! Half gay. On my mothers side."
and two of those three are mackable. One of them is EXTREMELY mackable
I've already been inside feral. been there done that, man
ugh I gotta go fail this test fuck me.
Cwn is the anti fight. She needs it but no one will give it to her
Maybe I did. Kas asked if he could be in Norwalk and I said the queue wasn't open
Yeah. Too many
Who cares about sports boy. Get a real job
because you didn't pick people that work with your exact schedule?
THALIA WHY ARE YOU LIKE THIS
shards don't kill people. People kill people.
That's probably a typo
I'm gonna go fix it
I was fixing the numbering system last night at like 2 AM
Okay that's what it was. That one was initially six, and my brain saw the VI and was like "That's a V and an I guess I'll just put the II in front of it"
hey dru
ur a roman
oh hey me too
to the calabrian part. not the limbo
See: Amphetamine Queen
turn give me one sec i'll send you my sources for my queen stuff
amphetamines.com is where I got a lot of stuff from
Turn. Literally, just read some AQ stuff.
because she has the same issue
In the later stages, druz, shades keeps her only to adderall
I'll send you some docs, turn
): mouse protector
):
anti your go
when will u have me, pink
though pink is starting to get stuck with a bunch of chucklefuck wards
YOU DON'T HAVE MOST OF YOUR LIMBS
"hey this is our new ward, stumpy mcgee"
I can't give you new limbs I can only make a spear
and adonis is too busy running around in other detroit
Yeah, pink.
ace
$roll 1d6 know
am i gonna tit slap a lady again?
that's what I'll do. every time verdict gets too nutso i'll just. WHACK
hey cg
D:
oh hey tuz
I call that session "Gay Team: Origins"
FUCK U
(I love u thal)
you're both evil
hey fuck u
and cwn and fleet made friends!
We're all freaks
that's probably a good idea
nick do you want to team up to just you know. Kill Lumina?
like I'll take one for the team
like this is just a thing that needs to happen
$roll 1d6-1 Social please cashy
thnx
so we'll take you off the base and shoot her
please don't use the HR department
):
D:
mega don't sell me to her
i'll be good
Anti on a scale of like. Gigawatt to amphetamine queen, how high are you?
lol are you gonna doubleteam Gming and playing, anti?
I don't mind. I know you can do it
I've watched you do more at the same time
tuzi did you forget || or are you still tyoping
oh no
u caught me
i am bully
#Norespect
it's not, though. That's not the lore of skinwalkers at all.
No one is getting into lumina's suits
hey. You need five pictures of Khandhas
also anti it's your go
aiight
eet food
inb4 audrey 2nd triggers
Somewhere, verdict is screaming. Omen touches herself.
Okay pink.
Blockbuster now
Lol good luck spin I'm pretty sure anti has had a queue for months
Lexi is great
I have awesome players.
It's fine, pink!!
That's what happens when you pick people that never show up.
oh man depressant addiction.
That's fuuun
are you fucking kidding me firlz
Would Invictus or Amphetamine Queen be what they were without drug addiction flaws?
because it wouldn't come up
That's on the player though. And not all players are created equal.
index got ugly implications. I can't wait to start adding that in. Hehehe
As far as what it the trees look like, they're dicks. There you go.
Weaver Dice: Legal Edition
maybe move the law talk?
i've got a cape called fucking. Houdinette.
Like. Houdini. But a girl.
idk. I'm like. Super excited for some of the stuff i'm planning with Norwalk. I've got three sessions left before the day clocks over. And in-game monday is when stuff starts getting juicy.
Yeah!
well. kind of
I did like. Two sessions of new haven before it died
hi cyn.
But yeah. New haven barely got off the ground before I verned it. I also did a DnD campaign when I was like. 18/19 that lasted three sessions before one of my players decided to hate my guts and I killed that.
Yeah. Sorry. I'm gonna work on the sheet tomorrow, since I'm done with the test stuff
yeah. I wanted to work on it today but then my lab ran suuuuper late. ):
he met my dog
yes in person, and no. He was in town so I was like yeah sure come for a barbeque.
the only ones that live by me are anti and yum. Anti lives like. Over the river. Yum lives in my room.
or I live in his room, technically.
night all
Morning
Hey meg how u
Hey nick. And meg we cut Detroit short because pink had to do some stuff
I can get you them in a little bit meg. I'm on my phone ATM.
He tried to make me touch his foam sprayer ):
I'm sorry I love clownin on Adonis
What
No
Adonis memes
Why are spelts characters so easy to meme
Goodbye... enemie
XD
What's the most popular?
Greetings... comrade?
I'm so glad fleet brought that up
"Does he actually do the ... hello.... friend thing?"
DON"T PUT MENDEZ IN THE MECH
THALIA NO
Wait. Can we put undine into the mech no one will miss her
Or WAIT
if we get forgemaster back
we can put him in
):
feral is a good
):
Someone please get cwn a kidney
not since jets left
Man. Everyone's campaigns are super exciting right now
:-P
GET IN THE ROBOT, RAT BOI
what even is auterville.
how about just you know. Don't suck?
how about just you know. Don't suck?" That seems to be pretty hard for a lot of people.
I know, right?
True
I had a power once that was technically a blaster power. But the way she used it made it stranger
shhh just wait for indy, pink
also anti, your go
Google form?
Nah I didn't see
anti how was Queen's power genned? I can't remember.
Ah
Hey tuz
DIVE COCK
ur 1 2 talk, spelt.
Goodbye... enemie.
oh my god
yes!
Pink did you put me in that as "SaffInfection"? XD
I like pink's little bet-isms
Burr!: An american musical
That blockbuster Now stuff killed me.
I used "The latest Sega console" for a session once.
Is spelt on?
wait he is?
!search shia
you're right! I forgot about that.
my director would just punch people prob
(there's also a session in #WDNorwalk )
norwalk's director would fight coldgold's director probably
oh my god lys. That's pretty funny.
I like it
RID NO
no stabbing people
I haven't been to church in years why did I agree to jesusboy
Faust no
what's a book of the bible oh god
I'm an atheist i don't know this shit
"Look, Carol. If people piss you off, cut their legs off and sell them to china."
there's a schedule?
jesus.
I got confirmed and I don't know any of this shit.
damn. You're doing it right now, lys?
oh my god
who even are you?
Oh spelt is around.
i'm going to kill you off in norwalk spelt. Duh
I know what I'm doing, spelt
no you're just dead i thibk
there is no queue
sorry spelt you had a good run
wow spelt. are you harassing me because you died? wow. I thought you were better than that. :-P
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pwxQ64-sEDrmKmOX5uQ-KeVstcfQAVNJOGlntMZi5IM/edit?usp=sharing
maybe I should have just sold spelt to the yangban
i'm not taking anyone for a long time
best way to get into a campaign is to start your own
like. 99% of people who started GMing are now in a game as a PC
Earth. Dick.
oh my god anti.
Did you not like the dante's inferno joke?
apparently I like fucking up gangsters named dante. I used it as a throwaway name in the gwyn narrative too
i'm sorry ah
oh am I killing firlz in norwalk too?
I'm sorry firlz.
rip
i'm the GM are you saying I don't know things.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit?usp=sharing
see it's right there.
nick you need lotion
took you long enough
yeah spelt you got killed off come on
I don't kill people. The dice kill people.
beat the meat, tubes. That's what I always say.
is that the neighborhood watch's slogan, anti?
also, your go.
i'm doing great. I killed off two people tonight.
this is so hard to write. I'm an Atheist. I was raised catholic but I can't remember the last time I've been in a church
"Father I want boys to put it up my ass." ~Indulgence, probably
no one can put me in the gay baby jail
no one can put me in the gay baby jail" Yeah, because you're already there.
banned
the currency is FUK U
Tell, do you ever sometimes get on here and wonder what events progressed in your life that you're now sitting here, in 2017 in the year of our lord, telling a bunch of morons on the internet to move on from gay baby jail?
i don't envy your job at all.
I don't know what i'm trying to say. How's everyone's dice.
yes
nearly two, spelt.
that weaver. That dice.
proth
why are you ending promise. Promises are FOREVER, foss.
never make a pinky promise with foss he'll just end it
night spelt
:-P I killed him I might as well wish him sleep
http://68.media.tumblr.com/71bb056c1d56f487d2d718ca982a1a31/tumblr_ogpowmZx6I1qg5t28o1_1280.jpg 4 tubes
oh divecock made it
night friends.
good morn
someone give me lumina logs pls
I already know spelt
also anti. ready to jack p much whenebefr
all right. Just give me a shout when you're ready, anti
it's okay spelt we'll put you in the suit. :)
GET IN THE ROBOT, SPELTY
we could just do some good old fashioned human trafficking
don't put gwyn in!!
): not gigs
Kusakabe might work.
hi dive cock. Thalia is a monster.
"No ma'am. I want Cwn annwn's heart. She doesn't really need it anyway."
lurks crawler is not G O O D B O Y E he is B A D D B O Y E
anti let's be real. No one cares about rats we care about the little girl who's talking about TAKING PEOPLE'S HEARTS
she's only missing a kidney, not a heart
oh my god
mega you're giving her permission?????
hm. depending on how lumina asked cwn might consider doing it, if it made her feel useful. But at the same time she'd be like "but that's... my heart?"
yeah. that's the only reason she'd maybe agree
i only have one of those ):
ouch
pink please tell me audrey doesn't have some horrifying use to her power that you're hiding from me
I agree with nick
so anti is she gonna talk to tgk now?
): rip quick
and why are you shocked?
when a thirteen year old comes to you and says "Hey I want your heart" like
that's fucked
the greeks have good food
is what
Would a cape that can transform into a liquid-ish form be a changer or a breaker?
this person would shift into a werewolfy kind of form, but it's transparent and liquid? But like. It stays in its shape I guess?
A lil bit
oh hey it's my yumgar
i'm trying to write up some NPC--Oh. Yeah. I killed spelt and firlz last night
Firlz sassed me. Spelt was just because he threw me in the GBJ too many times
and aiight anti.
hehehe. turn just check the norwalk doc.
i was just asking a question about a tentative NPC for my game
because that line between changer and breaker is just. gah
lol
I didn't even mention open slots
I just joked about killing people off and suddenly i've got seven people trying to suck my dick to get into norwalk. Let me tell you something, fam. Norwalk has like. Two movie theaters and the only other thing to do is smoke pot. If you don't smoke pot, watch movies. If you don't watch movies or smoke pot, you sit on the internet.
same dic
*Div
I did not mean to imply that you are a dic
no. I don't imply that you are the cock
jsut that you dive for it
:-P
best way to get into a campaign is to run your own. I'll say it till the day I die.
$roll 1d6 indifferent bot
oh
!search peen
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel. (at line 326)
Yessss
"Oh hey lumina. We were just discussing how much we enjoy the same sex. Tell me, are you a homo?"
D:
"yeah I made a torture suit can i have your heart?"
apparently "Tequila Mockingbird" is a real restaurant in san francisco. Oops.
tax?
I don't
look man
): thal no
he's so good
oh that's awesome
don't go breaking my heart
Ressssssst in piecccccccce, Sssssssshoal
i'm interested to see how jack 'tisms all over pit bull
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10YJGIya4UuCv3kNPb43Kz_RTH6XhjDKYN9u3FCrR2vQ/edit?usp=sharing
):
Lumina stop being so weird
hey tell
yeah. I like them
Norwalk is about a month ahead of cleveland, two or three ahead of san raul, and months before detroit.
did anyone ever ask freddy what HE wants?
Greetings... Comrade
I guess tuzi is the worst date.
i feel like a person's npcs say a lot about them. Like. Teller is someone that I'm like. "Oh shit it's teller better act like a normal person" because I respect him. And then I turn around and there's Ghetto G-Sus and Titz and Azz and I'm. Bless. Teller you're a good dude.
What do my NPCs say about me? Hm. I like murder?
I don't know
that's something I probably can't say for myself.
CG, your NPCs say "I'm probably going to stab you in the face"
Favorite powered NPC is Vortex, I think. Or Fire Bear. For unpowered it's either Hadley or Natalie.
shades is my favorite anti NPC
well, anti. I'm not nick but. Caitiff is a dick. He tries to insult people to break down their confidence and get him on his side.
I had a good time, anti.
if you had missed that grapple roll to get the cart, you would have honked the nurse's tiddy
open games. Hah.
you will never reach it.
oh no I tripped and tied a fucking. double constrictor knot
night all
what're you saying about cleve, anti?
I really like a lot of Anti's NPCs
I feel like I play favorites a bit too much with my NPCs. I have a bunch written out but there are ones I like more than others and you can kind of tell
well, yeah. That's human nature.
:-P
she's so good.
she started off as a throwaway name for your session, nick
and then I was just like. "Wow I really like her"
and then just poured a bunch of stuff into her notes
):<
Faust's assistant also has a lot of backstory dump
Fire bear does, Houdinette does.
Lexi's mom and dad are really cool. She just hasn't been home much to hang with them. They also have some extra info up in my ol noggin
put me in, coach
yes I can
watch me
I'm interested to see if Lumina does ask cwn for her heart.
hi dol
I mean. If someone willingly consents can she really be that mad?
apparently the memo that we're people here...
mega how would you feel if someone did consent to lumina's scheme
why?
): but.
Who pinged me
Nice
ppfftt faust
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ifx7IO5RWK2lboBi90S439tDmjhk0-XeMzYPeUcCRgE/edit?usp=sharing
NO
yeah lurks
Wits 0
Wits. Fuckin. 0
at least the fight with sigma went better than when he tried to infiltrate the dust devils
oh my god
No, anti. Fratman is tubes
freeman's daughter is a furry confirmed
yeah. that's why legend would never show up in my norwalk campaign, even though he's p much next door
shit he's onto you. Want me to rend him???
I don't know who's side i'm on
I'm on fleet's side
Gay team
last christmas i gave you my heart, but the very next day... thal put it in a suit
everyone in the protectorate wakes up in a bathtub full of ice
lumina is elbow deep in blood
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
thanks thal
nick you're just out to defame poor lumina
you know, mendez can love you both.
I'm sensing a lot of hostility here, rat boy. Have you tried attacking her with your claws?
that's how I solve my problems
hey. Hey look. Listen, Rat boi. I was in two successful missions. You don't... you don't need to remind me that I haven't gotten to do real work
): No one likes khandhas.
I... I... I escorted a car.
Sleepelt.
I um. I breached the prison?
he's been away for a while
no they were taking some chick named Lachesis to the birdcage while they were taking in cremator
why would they patronize her?
I felt that they were rather appropriate. They treated her like a person, but also reined in any of the more inappropriate things.
that's a spicy looking app, anti
is it gonna be a cutthroat one like vanc? or a chill one?
I like watching the peasants salt.
how many PCs will there be?
I mean players all together
not just the draft
oh my god proth
I just. I got a very vivid mental image of this character
his t-shirt has rainbow dash on it.
Wits 0
that flaw was so perfect for SOMA though
like. That's just SOMA.
"Oh i'll spend my entire life working with uranium so I can build a nuke to win a grail war to cure my radiation poisoning that I got from spending my entire life working with uranium to build a nuke to win..."
we all know you're a session whore, firlz. That's not new
will this unpowered director get blown up too
night friends others.
): I'm not on the campaigns doc
hey
hey
nm. waiting for class to start
nah. ecology. literally the worst
it's storming something awful today, so i'm like. just brain dead
i was up half the night because it was just. constant thunder and lightning for a while.
morning nick
you're both a pair of knuckleheads
hey cg!
not much cg how u
but like. Are any of your employees really sane, megs?
how many of your heroes are sane
Gig is totally in the crazy corner too!
SHE TRIED TO SAVE TOILET COKE, MEGA
AND THEN TRIED TO GRAB IT
Mega.
is it because I tried to claw sirocco?
What happens to the rats you dismiss, nick? Hm?
Buck up there,  buckaroo
):<
He said no to the heart
the kidney is fine
look kid. What if we sent you back to Primus?
ultra beast
duh
nerrd
we still on for today, Nick-o?
Hm. Tomorrow before when I run thal?
The rest of my week is kind of fuckled and the earliest after that would be like. Maybe thursday before my lab?
I have a test and a presentation on Wednesday so I'm like -_-
Wednesdays are so shit.
but yeah. Just let me know whenever if you're up for today or if tomorrow's better.
it's just a matter of whether I cram for my test today or tomorrow.
The upside is, Nick. The pirates are very accepting of your allergy.
The downside is that Barnacle thinks you're his best friend
he makes his own lube
hi dolll
hey thal
idk mega want some chips?
no i just know how much danny loves salsa
spelt is the real antagonist
!search meat weasel
Damn
i liked my cape for that one too
that was such a ME power
slicing people and rocketing them around like motherfuckin' puppets
i've been throwing a few orphans in norwalk
my only session with her, I carried this cape around behind me
just using him as a meathammer
"Oh you want to fuck with me? Too bad" gets bashed with man
Yeah. That's what it was
non was a ruin gremlin
):
i'm sorry my skin came off it was scary. I need money for tinkering
tbh though audrey probs won't even join the wards
she'll probably walk into that room, be like "oh no no no no they're all looking at me" and run out
BYE FRIENDS TAKE MY SKIN WITH YOU
Being in the Wards would fucking break her little psyche. It'd be like her mom/aunt/grandma, times every ward, every protectorate member, the director, the guy who fuckin cleans the floors. Everyone would be watching her and scheduling her and this and that
Oh cool nick.
I've got a class in ten, after that I'm free for the night
Nah, spelt. Audrey just needs to join a group that won't coddle her
The problem is the protectorate knows that audrey is suicidal. Everyone knows they have to eggshell around her.
the cape alpha stuff was... eh. I don't know how I feel about it.
The only way I can see it working is if you used like. Input from the chat maybe?
I'm always reckless. What it did was making me run around and keep people chained on my master leash like some kind of slash and burn regent
yeah. he shouldn't have to /force/ anyone to be interesting
though. I was looking forward to doing that favor for the elite
if i was a better artist, I'd do like. Snaps from (city)
imagining the snapchat feeds of some WD PCs would just make me laugh my ass off
one of the norwalk threads devolved into threats and giggles
also: http://68.media.tumblr.com/39388962c74d274e31a6b5ca1148617a/tumblr_ndpr6esJYM1txhseao1_500.png
If nick's norwalk character  met cwn
the hospital one I think it was, dol
or the rain one
Proth.
i'd write fake gay superhero porn. not for a campaign. just so I can use euphemisms for penis
that was beautiful btw anti
i never decided what hadley's project was going to be on
different assignment
And I do like the way you do them, pink.
i've been trying to get them when I see them
and aiight nick one sec
ready to go!
i would have helped her if the protectorate hadn't scooped me up.
holy shit pink that's so cool
that is one thing I regret. Not trying to annoy nach more. I liked the short bitch/dumb cunt dynamic.
so not now.
grandma just wanted to see you wear the cap and gown before she kicked it
I'm so anal about not-metagaming that I'm like. "Well I know x character will be here guess I CAN'T GO THERE"
I felt so bad about the session where caitiff stormed the PRT HQ because I checked for forgemaster. That was the sensible thing to do. but because I knew he was there I was like OH GOD I'M HORRIBLE.
#norespect
shh spelt no kill bad spelt
though the non-standard game overs are interesting.
hopefully Queen doesn't get jail again.
are you serious, anti? I thought shades was keeping an eye on her?
I can't believe you're making her go to school XD
I think so dol?
Anti can never give me a straight answer when I ask about queen
Also I'm home nick
Queen is just a good solid power
BUT ARE YOU SENDING HER BACK TO HIGH SCHOOL ANTI??
She'll be 19 in Indy, Non.
I don't know, non. It's an idea anti tossed at me
but whenever I ask him if he's serious he does the "answers a different question but not my question"
So i'm probably going to find out when we get to the last vignette of the queen interlude
and then I'm going to get yumgar to drive me to anti's apartment and I'm going to shit on his doorstep probably.
I'm like. Really feeling this piece of writing though. I can't wait until it's done so I can like. Hang upside down from the rafters and make every one of you dongguzzlers read it
and lol me? drive?
I can't even fucking find your apartment.
398 instances of the word fuck, and there are 113 pages
No. I'm the only legacy
I was given the option of legacying in Queen or Vortex. But with the stipulation that queen was going to be in indy whether it was as a PC or NPC. So I was like "Ain't nobody NPCing queen"
the hottub of shame
Yeah, tubes. I put vortex in norwalk because I didn't take her for indy. We've been planning queen being back since Anti mentioned he was going to run it
i'm excited to have her back. She's my favorite. And she's been doing some interesting stuff during the break between cleve and indy
It's pretty bad, nick. He's gotten like seven or eight stacks.
I need to count. Oh god this guy is gonna get fuckled
It's seven if you count the round by when I post, and eight if I count by when you post.
Either way he's getting fucked.
One or two lesser traumatized
Nick has gotten the most action out of any of the norwalk capes.
well. fighting action
May is getting her gay on
pit bulp only beat up the one guy
he has not made a move on natalie yet
but yeah. The pirates are actually very considerate of kian's dietary needs. Grin looked it up on the internet box
NIIIIICCKKK
dive cock dive cock
holy shit
congrats anti
you're hot shit
and yes thal it's good to be in the in crowd
invictus was so good
I remember watching that session live and we were just all OOOOHHHH SHIIIITTT
I have great memories of cleveland. But early cleveland had some amazing times. Like. When Queen shot jetstream. Holy damn. That broke my heart in so many places.
The aus fight was crazy.
I'm still bummed most of the aus logs got lost
because everyone should be forced to watch me try to kidnap proth
nah. Bud is pretty dead
yeah. he didn't make it
I'm ruthless. I killed off spelt and firlz
who knows. Maybe I'll kill off foss tomorrow
sorry.
ur ded
yep
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit#heading=h.33c84civjw00
night friends
Hey friends
Hey cg.
Hey anti how u
How's the leg
P coo
How's that weaver doc
Dice
Hell yeah cg. With a spear in his tum
hey mega
not much.
u
ye
rip coldhand
oh
):
sorry. that was my fuckup
i thought it was me
we're all fucked up at the cleveland protectorate. We've got wolf girl, ghost man, a vampire, rat kid, a mad scientist. Switchblade? And then whatever the fuck feral is.
undine is kind of creepy too, even though she's not public
like. The only non-scary ones are fleetfoot and sirocco. Maybe knuckleball too
Oh i'm sorry. "Nailed it" and sirocco.
I loved that story.
Fleet is awesome. I love him, i want to keep him safe
oh. I forgot ripcord
It's because I shoved him in a closet.
look thal. You're not allowed to do the surgery.I want a licensed medical professional to do it. You can take the organ. But you're not cutting me open
!search med school
Yeah. I'm not letting her take anything unless I know it's safe
that's fine.
she really shouldn't have them anyway
Just so she doesn't try to get knocked up with valiant's baby so he can N E V E R L E A V E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-7IW4-3I-s
I mean. it's unethical to forcibly sterilize someone, but cwn probably needs it
yeah
SHIT GOING DOWN IN NORWALK TODAY
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
all of them
BONE HOMIE LIVES
ur the wandering muderhobo
oh it's pink. I've been meaning to talk to you.
ah ha ah ha ha dodgah ah ah ah ga ga ooh la la
hey cg maybe you should uh.
sacrifice spelt to cashy
because you're like. Super fucked
NICK DON'T WAKE THE DICE GREMLIN
Sorry kid, nothing personal
$roll 1d6 cashy hates cg
oh
i odn't know
is cogo dead???
I'm worried. Cogo don't die
good
u give 0 shits
are you new, fun?
welcome
spelt don't you dare
check the edit history?
assuming you're using google docs
easiest way to get into a game is to run one yourself first. I know I sound like a broken record but it's true
yeah. that's what I did.
XD
I give everyone the "run the game" advice and I literally got into games because anti was like "Hey I'm doing this thing saff you should come on the internet and join" and I was like lolok
and then I turned around and people were like "hey you want to join my game"
and now i'm running a game
I did things backwards
>///< I don't know why.
!search saff
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 46)
considering this is my legacy
That's not the only thing that's small on you, proth.
oh my god nick that's beautiful.
because proth. I am the meme queen
young and sweet, only 22.
not until 2019, lurks. So i'll be about to turn 25.
hey bel when you gonna trigger
them's fighting words, Bel.
can't believe I got picked up by the protectorate before I could go to your bar though, Bel.
You wouldn't have been like "Sorry I don't serve minors."
Good guy dags, slipping dames their tequila under the table.
apparently drinking underage is "Against my probation"
totally cramping my style. Can I pay in less pixelated nudes?
Cleveland is a wild ride.
it starts off with "Hey man where's my cocaine?" and now we're at "Hey man how about you fire the behemoth fuckoff beam?"
haha. tbh I named her after Thirteen from House. Remy Hadley.
usually triggers are moved from the suggestion list to the doc at the beginning of the month. I think april's were just taken in
but yeah you just put them in there and if they're approved they get moved over whenever anti does them
two of mine are in there for this round. Interested to see what happens if they get rolled.
cg is a good dope tho
I HAVE RETURNED FROM THE SEVEN HELLS
so how about them weaverdice
please no more boneitis.
those are SO unfun
the muscular dystrophy one totally did!
it's still pretty shitty and unfun.
Yeah. Like. There's nothing fun about playing a character who's stuck and dying.
that's just a deus ex machina cop out.
even if it's based on real life, it's shit.
not every wacky article or court case or whatever needs to be made into a trigger, because a lot of them just /aren't good/
"Oh no I might die. Trigger" It's weak. It's not a good trigger.
wtf foss
the fact that it needs so many loopholes just. It's bad.
are you saying you wouldn't trigger if you were stabbed 37 times in the dick
you literally just brought up those triggers to make yourself look better.
I didn't make a huge number. Ryk did.
I made like. Three.
was it four? Prom shitting, dick stabbing, ring avulsion... and getting mugged. Yeah. Guess it was four.
was it four? Prom shitting, dick stabbing, ring avulsion... and getting mugged.
prom dogs volume 7
why was that quotable? D:
Prom dogs 2: 2 prom 2 dog
i am going to go to slep. night every 1
your trigger isn't good, vaeg.
i reviewed it
goodnight
morn
snaps to me for what
also mega. I have unformatted norwalk logs for until the pause if you want them
ace
hey lys
i'm ruining thal's life
i can't say a lot. I'm waiting on some conformation
*Confirmation, rather
bork bork bork
hey anti are you around by any chance?
I just realized some timeline stuff gets kind of screwy... would you be free for me to run Jack?
Okay. Cool.
hey cam
"Not in my office, Delia." Devin says. Fire Bear rolls her eyes, and then puts the cigarette back in the pack. ||
((PAUSE))
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1eIwftXG6OJwiT_xfcyJbpW12QvTif6SFI9tVWw_hAws
firlz knows all about surprise cocaine.
I'm sorry meg ah. I just realized I fucked my timeline because I wanted to run thalia really bad haha
so I'm trying to make it make sense again
Prom Dogs 5 is the best one.
(Maybe non just liked Homecoming Cats better)
also I really like the idea for May's costume.
i guess i can maybe pitch in
hey tuz
I'm sorry you had an ass exam tuzi. Is your prostate okay?
a little, yeah
who's the power for?
I think this one is kind of fun. It's a little silly but it's also like. holy shit man that's fucked
XD dol
everyone is trying to break lexi
she will snap in half.
and then become the legit most evil villain in town
van
Ours was like. 10:30 to 11, 11:15 to 11:45 and then like. 12-30 I think?
but yeah it's a weird system.
hey tell
that explains why you stuck a hairclip in the shit so much, shade
now you can't be bored
kinky
wits 0
that's why
bang head on everything
I mean they shocked themselves into oblivion for years
be able to read for what? Football?
you literally just take the ball and run
omg van
But yeah football fucks with your noggin so bad
lol
good luck.
JL it's me, your conscience. Study
goes to suburban mom support groups. "He just jerks off to pictures of capes all day!"
oh my god
pffft. it's only 2010. No Echidna yet
oh my god
It'll be on the shelf right next to Vortex's mom's book. "My daughter started off as a Ward and now kills people for a living."
tru
does anyone even make casseroles anymore?
a lot of things, firlz.
Is NOT
Lasagna is a gift from the gods
it's. It's just not, faust.
I bleed marinara. Don't test my pasta prowress.
*prowess
No. no. It's a LIE
Okay. look. If I said "hey fam come over for casserole" would you say yes?
but if I said, "Hey fam come over for lasagna." That's a completely different fucking thing. That's when you hell yeah and I give you a plate sized piece of lasagna and I will hound you until you finish it all because I turn into a full on nonna when it comes to PASTA.
(but this doesn't have anything to do with wd so i'm gonna stop before I get punted into the sun)
to be fair, Jack hasn't prism'd all over her
):<
i was just... just born this way okay?
apparently my youngest sister is almost taller than my mom now. I'm officially the smallest.
I'm 5'2"
"Google how tol am I?"
only if I'm the moderator of #smol , tell. :-P
Okay thal. Ready for you
dear god i feel like anti today
just GMing out the wazoo.
all the synonyms for bubble are really gross
):< no, faust
the synonyms list is like. "Blister. Sac." and i'm like. I can't name a character /sac/ because then anti's character will just name them "ballsac"
I kind of like it. Bloop.
blipbloop crusader. I. Bow. I may be silly. I don't know if I'm that silly.
Baroness Bloop, maybe. Baroness of Bubbles?
I guess it's baroness of bloop...
bloop buddy. That's bubble buddy's like. shitty cousin from tennessee.
i make one typo
remain clam thalia.
):<
thalia oh my god
firlz i'm sorry you're wroñg
ñick you're wroñg
"Well guys um. If you like this trigger remember to claim and increment."
norwalk has almost reached 100k words
test theat?
Oh. Um. I use the word count function in docs?
No I just sit there and count every word
I got really bored today
lost count a few times
had to start over.
bucky is a good boy, mishie.
but yeah. the total is um. 99920.
didn't you start like a week before me though?
eh. I'm proud of what i've done, foss. It's not a competition.
i don't know what four is trying to say
from what i'm seeing, your word count is way lower than mine.
count and subtract?
got to add trump too then
Foss stop using text to speech
Hey. Morn
Cg I need to restart my computer but after that I'm good to go
Okay i'm ready when you r
oh i'm sorry I thought this was AMERICA
nick are you saying my mom is large and free?
): my mom is lovely
my mom is not. she is tol.
I am smol.
through a series of convoluted events. Hops will obtain Index's bike
the only problem is that Norwalk is like. Two weeks ahead of San Raul.
so hops would have to wait to obtain that bike. But index could in theory find hops' bike. It went across the country
what technically happened is they took him and left the bike, and then someone saw the bike hanging on the grass and was like "Hey man free bike"
lapse sends the bike back two weeks
it's a conspiracy
three GMs, across three cities.
oh my god anti
we're talking about the trans-campaign bike exchange
and how time travel is involved
so anti brought up a line from our queen interlude
because there was a time-fuckery tinker
tru
hadley does have a thing for cute girls with colored hair
true
she just sits down and suddenly. "There's someone with colored hair here. I must find her."
XD
did he run into malfire?
surprise malfire's in the bathroom
she just pops up out of one of the toilets, completely topless. "GUESS WHO'S BACK"
true
it'd be very frightening if she could travel through the sewer systems
oh my god
have there been any virus tinkers? I think I made one in New Haven, but obvs that never really saw anything
I think non just punched the dude and walked away
oh so just sp--HEY. HEY.
I thought he went out to san raul.
maybe he shouldn't have fucked a supervillain.
Don't stick your dick in crazy.
XD why would you want that? Poor girl deserves some happiness
i think he meant indy
tru, pink
each one successively more disappointed by her toothy bj skills
I think it just has to do with the fact that her mouth is fairly small
hard to avoid teeth if you can't open that wide.
the thing is, aq was going to be in indy if I played her or not
so anti let me take her before he NPC'd her
mega!
yeah
mine
just a little evil
DIVE
COCK
terry!
I'm fine.
IM FINE
I HAD IT PLANNED BEFORE EITHER OF YOU SAID THAT
it was actually anti's idea
IT COULD HAVE BEEN A MUGGING
i'm working on some new threads.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rV3XESF5T5LHQ-sjTo7651mm9C8CSTfXOctuWBZOaTQ/edit?usp=sharing
oOps!
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rV3XESF5T5LHQ-sjTo7651mm9C8CSTfXOctuWBZOaTQ/edit?usp=sharing
I'm sorry i fucked up
now no one can have it
neener neener neener
this was the only thing you had, foss. the only thing. AND I BROKE IT.
we all fail.
yeah, man. Don't show your dingle dong to people
I gossiped with old ladies the other day.
wtf kind of little girl has mace
taylor wasn't little.
hey bow
pm the bot to do that
because there are games going on and you shouldn't messa round and clog up the chat
Yeah. What logs you want.
Yeah one sec
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/TI7LzCku/
compelling character arcs, anti. Come on.
Did it get cut off??
fuck. I copied the whole thing. Wonder what happened.
https://pastebin.com/LWWU9uL3
there we go
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rV3XESF5T5LHQ-sjTo7651mm9C8CSTfXOctuWBZOaTQ/edit?usp=sharing also this is a thing
though I might have jumped the gun posting this considering I still have two sessions in the HQ to run
yes. Mish and mega
She's not allowed to burn down the HQ
At some point, meg, you're going to have to talk to thal. and i'm dreading that considering you two are never free at the same times. XD
I KNOW MY NUMBERS GUYS
no. we didn't like that trigger because it sucked.
spelt you can't kill dad
yeah bel you're missing prim-o dadfight
oh. No it's dad vs son
if cg wins he becomes the next dad
thus continuing the dad cycle
ugh baddad is hard to write.
starting to wrap up, cg. Gotta go to lab in half an hour.
faust just adopt all these wayward youths running around norwalk
become dog dad
you just want carol
XD
wow spelt is popular todauy
o7 You were awesome as always, CG
Teller is a killer
Oh god please don't kill AQ.
She's so smol
Teller is a madman. A genius and a madman
We're all going to die
Damn. Teller is gonna kill us all.
Queen already got dicked over by one director.
She's legal now it's fine
Oh who's up in local?
Nice
Who pinged me
Oh. It was foss. Can't be that important.
Mishie
The GM was a turd, rid
I want to bake a pie.
No. Apple
I want to make a salted caramel apple pie with a streusel top I think. But I don't know if yum has already been to the store or not.
FUk u
Also pink. I like you. I respect you. But cherry pie is only slightly above peach pie in levels of trash pies
And I know what scrapple is anti
Pink you're wrong.
):
I'll see y'all in cooking if you want an ass licking.
Kicking
Yeah. Sounds about right. Eris would just make things and then not run them
Bitch I'm omnipotent
Kill me
That hurts to read
I don't know.
Because she was rich, potty. Fifteen chrome books is easy
*proth
My phone today
I swear
I'm crying oh my god. Pls no.
Why am I a jerk
Well that's common sense non
Grapefruits are delicious you sentient toilet.
Sugar.
Duh
grapefruits are so good
For more food opinions I guess #cooking
before I get my ass kicked
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rV3XESF5T5LHQ-sjTo7651mm9C8CSTfXOctuWBZOaTQ/edit?usp=sharing
i couldn't get it to work either
apparently i never gave it permission
it's like a vampire
i saw it mostly on anti's stuff so I just kind of added it
You can't go to your own funeral firlz
Here lies firlz. He was a thing.
that sounds like the stuff of my nightmares
hey anti can i buy back zoup and reopen it as a zoup! Kitchen as a PR stunt
NO
): pink why must you torment me like this
is it because my avatars aren't 100x100?
is it because i'm going to run out on the wards before verdict punts me into the sun
yeah
i'm around pretty much whenever. just give me a shout when you feel up to it
FUk u mish
mishie is just made of spiders
hi dol!!
yep that's today. I just need to finish caffeining up
I FOUND PURPLE MONSTER TODAY
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/tDrH1Avk/IMG_4828.JPG
it tastes like grape bubble gum i LOVE IT
so yeah dol. just give me like. ten minutes and then we can rock and roll
hey dive cock
what
thats... fine?
the log cleaner takes it all out
it's pretty nifty
"Who the fuck is Khandhas?"
i actually don't like the strawberry ones very much
someone just mentioned that I had included a pop tart in too many session so now I HAVE to keep including them
it started as an accident. Now it's an NPC
s'mores is the best flavor.
pop tarts are great fuck u anti
I don't like fuckin peaches.
And cherry pie is too goopy. Like no thanks man.
Key lime and lemon meringue are top tier pies. Below that you have like. Pumpkin/apple/pecan. The fall pies. Those are good pies. Blueberry, coconut cream and banana cream are also in that level, I think.
Cherry, peach, strawberry-rhubarb. Those are all in TRASH TIER.
I fucking. Hate. Rhubarb.
firlz pot is illegal.
sorry mom.
I swear. We had a chemistry teacher who would just fake sick and constantly go to disney
we don't know how she did it
we don't know wy
*why
but she did.
And she was a cunt
She would constantly come back with new disney stuff for her classroom
N E V E R
same tubes
jeez. The thirst is real
Run a game. Become friends with people. hang out. The more you make comments like that, the more people won't want to run you.
rip dallas
hey tell
damn I want to bake cookies now.
I was going to make a joke about bribing teller with cookies to keep AQ alive in Indy
but then I was like. Wait now /I/ want cookies
I don't want to go to the store or muss up my kitchen though
): but she's so good. She just wants coke and tendys and to shoot people.
nugget nugget nugget nugget
alexander hamilton, my name is alexander hamilton...
Bravo!
(I literally just picked a cigarette brand at random I know nothing about smoking)
But AQ smokes camels because that's what Shades smokes, Fire Bear smokes Marlboros because the box is red and fire is red.
WE GET IT, TUBES. YOU VAPE
pfft. I just like that joke. When we were driving through Tennessee with anti, I was like "Oh look it's the smoky mountains" and Anti just throws his hands up and goes "WE GET IT SAFF YOU VAPE"
dust killed an oystermonger.
yes tubes!
hey tuz
i really like this random word generator. You press it enough and you get cape names, gang names, band names.
"Exorcism Discharge" is a new favorite of mine.
http://www.textfixer.com/tools/random-words.php Set it to two words and just have fun, GMs
I also used that to name the video game anit's character has been playing. It's good if you need a name for something quick and don't want to think too hard about it
It's a great name for a punk band though.
ooh I like that lurks
Jeezus, the lesser known cousin of Ghetto G-sus
wat
is there a reason you rolled a trigger?
dude?
oh cool faust. Still fulv?
XD tuzi did that the other day too
but Davy, for future reference. You can PM the bot so you don't spam the chat and make people angry. And maybe say hello first.
you accidentally put on a gm tag
when you were playing
I think that was with ratboi
"Did you ever think perhaps you could kill somebody"
miss oilslick is starting to get into cringe territory oh dear god.
I'm aware. I'm purposely doing this but I'm getting the secondhand embarrassment
oh i thought you meant inducting someone into a cult, anti.
"wow I'm stuck in the lab all night guess i'm starting a cult."
wow tubes i didn't think of that but yeah
man. I want sushi now too
Looks like Flora went to the firlz school of wits
kinky
I remember back in the day. Fuckin. Marco asked me out in my sixth grade yearbook. And I said yes. And then I got someone else to dump him the next day because I thought I was too good for him.
as a former emo kid. Yes depression is emo not goth
OH NO ANTI YOU DIDN"T TAKE OFF THAT THING
FUCK
oh my god. I can't believe.
Was nirvana a thing in earth bet? Did kurt make it?
kurt cobain was a cape. Huh.
oh my gos
damn flora. You's a bitch.
her dad coaches little league and her mom is on the PTA.
lol I have a shih tzu. My roommate went through my window the other day because he got locked out and my stupid little shit was SO HAPPY that someone came to see him.
Guard dog my ass
he'd watch me get stabbed and beg my stabber for belly rubs
fulv come on eidolon is shit
like. Eidolon probably tastes like disappointment and self-hate
Freddy is wrong.
Legend is obviously best triumvirate came.
like. if you say anyone else you're just wrong.
Like. Eidolon probably has like. Erectile disfunction. He looks like someone's dad. He's just. Come on man.
piss on shoal's grave
XD pink
hops' bike will return
pls no
night froends
morbubf
*morning
hi dive cock
rain made Miss Oilslick cry though. ):
miss oilslick genuinely liked her. But senator smog wanted her to recruit rain
and tubes i don't need the degrassi scripts. I've watched almost every episode. I actually /enjoy/ it
but you can't avoid teenage drama with this many teen capes
gay
those two would bond over shitty ex wives
druz has returned...
You can't keep secrets from fire bear.
and she can't really keep secrets from anyone else
she's just like "HEY SO I HEARD THIS GOSSIP AND I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO SAY ANYTHING SO KEEP IT ON THE DL BUT..."
Martial Law has gotten into the habit of just walking away
"My gay daughter is spending a lot of time around this gay ward. Hm..."
but yep. running mishie today, mega tomorrow. nothing monday. Tuesday is nick, thursday is Faust and then arc 2 is complete!!!
shut up yum you love me
YUMGAR.
his pajamas just have deer on them
I CAN"T BELIEVE YOU
bucky wanted up on the bed but he kept running away every time I tried to grab him
so he started barking at me
so I barked at him
dol you don't understand. he was taunting me
it's gonna be hartmann and cross in the cripple corner while mendez snipes everyone
YOU ONLY HAVE ONE ARM, HON
hook up the paintball guns to the wheelchair
pew pew pew pew
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pxy7vE9CjHi6_DStHxfLRpTSKHTEifqkAfesom5EYdQ/edit?usp=sharing
san raul is so good
I KEEP FORGETTING TO TURN ON EDIT MY GOD
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pxy7vE9CjHi6_DStHxfLRpTSKHTEifqkAfesom5EYdQ/edit?usp=sharing
fuck my mother i'm a moron
banging is more like it
I was at the store ):
yeah he has a southern accent haha
i love him so much he's a good
dunno whenever mishie wakes up
I don't know how straya works
mishie is 10 billion spiders in a trench coat
wink is dead
you have to be married to a cape
it's not very difficult.
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
he's not hurting for minions
we all need to hug rat boi
I know mendez's first name
she tried to compare that to the discrimination I feel from being a former villain who looks scary
mouse protector is awesome
she didn't deserve what she got
yeah that's what I thought too
i just really like her okay? She's the queen of camp capes. Everything that Katzenklaue aspired to be
 D'RATagnan
but you have like. Cheese and pot
you called me a dumb cunt
you called me a dumb cunt" Dishonesty is impolite.
):
dress freddy up as the rat king from the nutcracker
you'd also need to teach him ballet, non
and image resize.
avatars are 100x100, foss
crop it
thanks faust
idk pink is the one that's anal about it and i don't mess with pink
why this non
guess not.
weld memes. Wink memes.
how about that cleveland.
hm. I disagree. It just. You have to have enough people invested in your campaign to post in them
though it's 96 faust. wouldn't it be like. Para-encarta?
hey cogo
shoot her, freddy
I don't have a pistol.
oh
that
yeah
hey. I only woulda used it on myself
PEW PEW PEW
oh shit. faust did local go anywhere after I went to bed? And if yes are there logs?
Mega come onnnn
with cwn's dex score she'd try to shoot herself and end up shooting someone else
thanks faust
did you JUST CALL ME SAGG
yes, mishie and mega. she goes to shoot herself and jetstream gets shot
khandhas, honey.
"There was that one time he uh. raided the dust devils' party."
it's hopping in here today huh
ah jiangjun is backkk. Love that mofo.
he was so nice to queen and shades. ): gave them lodging. Medical care.
shades doesn't do drugs
oh i love the three lesbians in a trenchcoat
hot
I once had a guy ask me to taze him.
but that was because we snuck up on him with a taser and scared him while he was making eggs
and then he was like "NO WAIT I"M A MAN TAZE ME."
we didn't do it. But he wanted us to.
and then I got left on the side of the road with an alcoholic beverage and the fucking taser.
I totally read that as "Why is char so pretty" and I'm like. Wow gay?
mishie I did a lot of weird shit when I first started hanging out with my best friend.
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1JQMZu6GMX7Xe8-o3eqn9XKeOwoY_NWxbR7x2T7v5jSE/edit?usp=sharing
is it?
lol
there you have it anti
you can edit now
though anti I wanted it to be anonymous as opposed to tied to their irc handle.
why is detroit on there twice anti
rip schuyler.
is evie going to forget what she looks like too?
yeah. She has dinner with them.
closed casket, eh?
firlz where the fuck have you been
fleetfoot is genuinely nice. It's... it's not just because mendez told him to.
Right?
well, nick. Mendez ordered people to be nice to you too!"
only if lumina asks nicely and replaces it
D:
no one wants that
that's how you get a robot who cries all day
we literally are not fucking with you, firlz.
Lumina is /fucked up/
someone give rat boi a hug.
local, rid
Fire Bear busts in. "HOLY FUCK I GOT HIM BOSS."
faust i love these stupid misfit teenagers
and I'm stuck in a hole.
you totally did firlz
):
faust when do I get out of the hole.
):
but i'm so smol
ellardy is asleep unless we're doing gens.
there you go firlz
oh
is evie going to forget what she looks like, like her sister did?
oh my god
that's scary
rip
you killed him
p much yeah
dags passes out. Tgk just pushes him off the stage with his foot.
freddy is horrified.
i think this last bit of cleveland is just anti cackling behind his laptop going "how bad can I fuck up these characters?"
I ship flora and blue.
good job bel
"Roses are red, curacao is blue... Khandhas is dust... Maia why won't you fuck me?" *Sobs on stage and pukes*
you are dust, nick
fulv ends in the hole with me
rip freddy's phone. The real hero here
and dodger would have died to
too
\o/ faust
i'm loving local btw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn_iz8z2AGw
same
what blacking out stuff?
I totally forgot about that.
whooooopsies
i rolled for it during your session thal. Just for funsies.
yeah. I was literally sitting there like fuuuuuuuuuuu
i literally did it as a for funsies and then I was like FUCK
I DIDN'T HAVE A PLAN FOR THIS
i learned this NOW
STOP TRYING TO PEER PRESSURE THE KID, DAGS
valiant was getting his hair cut
feral's power would most likely spit the barbs out
poor freddy
lumina is literally just fucked up
yeah i'm already missing a kidney and tgk probably wouldn't grow me a new one considering he had a bounty on my head
I've done sketches yeah
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/OWZmLIsl/IMG_4767.JPG
that's the first one I could find on my phone.
i still really love the redesign of queen's outfit. It's awesome.
and i would have never thought up the pants/skirt combo without dol being like "But how about BOTH"
No panth. It's leggings with skirt panels.
so it's like. Two pieces of fabric that look like a skirt but it's not as constricting as a skirt
shoot her idk
yeah I touched her heart it was great. I've also touched feral's heart
second
cwn touched feral's heart
reached out and just. got inside her
SHE FELL ON TOP OF MY CLAWS
i am a proud member of the nudie brigade thanks
and lol i think cwn would rather die than actually try to ask him out. She'd be so embarrassed her heart would give out
that conversation would go "Hey valiant I have a crush on you" and he'd be like "Dude wtf"
he's talked to her like. once foss.
unless he's watching the security cameras in her room and watching what she does when she's alone in there.
she doesn't really talk to the others. Undine hates her, sirocco is cuckoo bananas. Fleet is good but she'd rather talk about fun friend stuff than boys with him. Gigawatt... is probably the one she'd say something to but gigs is being used as a battery.
She wouldn't gossip with feral.
and she never really confessed crushes to quickdraw because she also wanted to highkey sleep with quick too.
night everyone
hey
mega give me one second and i'll be ready sorry I overslept
okay. i'm good
unless you play hide and seek!
All right. Thalia, you go hide
One, two, three...
finally cleaned last night's logs. They're up.
Damian wasn't really sure why Nigel had giggled when Denys had said that he would be polishing his equipment...
it's not great. but I wasn't really sure which one to use
if you can find a better one, please tell me
https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ZXJxwnlYY1tQAj7Ksjx5pDp0QrQqBTKnEuP8sPKyjk/edit?usp=sharing
pffft
oh shit I have to fix that
also for the morning crew, if you haven't filled out the survey
https://goo.gl/forms/xugbUmycH3TZEuZD3
scratch that. answer the one in the topic
https://goo.gl/flilu9
yeah I'd put ys
hello
anti did that
he re-made the survey
and kicked me out ):
i'm not cool enough anymore.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rV3XESF5T5LHQ-sjTo7651mm9C8CSTfXOctuWBZOaTQ/edit?usp=sharing
oh my god pink that's amazing
I run on tacos too
):< fuck u firlz i love mexicwn food
*Mexican rather
that's what happens when she eats too much taco bell
roland and Jack might get along.
we're all lesbians now, firlz.
you're right, thal. but they both are nosy bastards haha
):< fuck u firlz i love mexicwn food
): no pink.
yeah
that one
damn. I'm really jazzed for cleveland stuff. There's been a lot of good lately, anti.
that'd make cwn kill like six people
mom isn't doing much else. PUT HER IN THE COFFIN LUMINA
hey tello
not 4 u
just steal a real leg
ur a bagel
it's not biscuit_tan. he's a legend.
it was just some coding stuff.
yeah. no death spikes from the window
does he have computers?
shit.
it wasn't really anything important though. Just stuff for her work.
brb 1 sec need to take the dog to piss
hey fulv
They do a lot of community outreach when they're not heroing.
so there's stuff about self acceptance. Managing money, getting jobs.
They outsource volunteers to keep the cost low
hops just finds everything that's stolen in WD
except his own bike
XD cg
wat
thalia tries
D:
I'm glad you had a good time, Meg! I hope I didn't keep you up too late!
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11aqCVCpRT7IX4GSRP8iqsyBi2FVJa0xOQ_ChpoxZxCo/edit?usp=sharing
this proves i have no life
i love y'all though
(Now like. 27 people need to die so I can get into san raul)
only two more sessions for this arc. phew.
night meg
for those keeping up with the pho. Muriel is DearDragonfly.
the one who posted in the first norwalk thread
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SwTMyURG6xRGYbU2oEwWKR8H831d0f81AQqW2Kk2XzY/edit?usp=sharing
turkey for me. but I agree cam. I only do that with like. italian combo coldcuts though.
local is so good.
the evil has been defeated
work hard tubes
sorry tubes i'll bust into your beer den through the pipes, kick you in the anus, and then shackle you to a chair until you finish your law shit.
firlz no one wants to think about you getting it up the ass.
now just kill everyone off.
so nick and I can get in.
nick just don't die again ok
non get back under the dick luck bridge.
:-P
*Dice
holy fuck
wow
i didn't even notice that typo.
I'm.
LOOK FAUST.
Look. how many times a day do I type dice and how many times do I type dick? Muscle memory
i'm engaged i can touch a dick whenever i want.
i want non's DICE luck
anti go to bed
go home firlz
check again. your wits score is p bad
Hey
How everyone
Poor druz
bel oh my god
I've done that before too nick
but to be fair bel. that was a very dags thing to do
oh my god bel
it's okay i realized at some point that my favorite characters of mine smoke. I don't smoke and I've never smoked.
yeah
idk I just. I really like writing scenes where a character is smoking. It adds an extra layer of depth I think.
best way to get into a game is A) run a game or B) Stick around and interact with people.
make friends
We don't bite. Well. Thalia does. I might.
yeah true
that's super cute dol
I want to pinch helen's cheeks but she would be VERY upset if I did that to her
watch other people's games and read logs
Cleveland is good. A lot of people enjoy sicol but I haven't read it yet. #WDsanraul is SOOOO Good
#WDLocal is another one that's ama--oh he's dead
):
well cam
I think we scared him
maybe I shouldn't have been holding a knife?
READ LOGS MAKE GAEM
yeah bel
why do you even have that
Not my thing, but you know.
So back to character traits.
Smoking is a favorite of mine. I also like chewing on nails for some reason
almost all of my characters are nail biters
he's on a plane i think, spelt
Gwyn will blush with her shadow armor.
Queen is a smoker and a nail biter. When she gets super stressed she goes out of her way to break rules. Feet on the dashboard, smoking in hotel rooms, blowing a dude for heroin.
oh man I like that one bel
cyrus you might want to try IRCcloud because you keep disconnecting
but yeah. I'm trying to think of some of my other characters, besides the cleveland ones. Unfortunately they haven't had as many sessions so I don't have as big of a perspective hahaha.
idk. mine have strong personalities, but I feel like everyone has their own tics though
Like. I start playing with and braiding my hair when I'm nervous.
Well. Nervous in a social setting.
I also mess with my ring a lot.
true yeah
idk I always did first person and now I'm getting annoyed writing it (because I don't /write/ like that. Just RP like that) so I'm kind of transitioning over to 3rd person.
wb cyrus try not to die this time
True, pink.
!search christmas
oh blushy is dead
Rip
):
his wife is probs dead
you mean sssssssssssshoal?
:)
One time when I was on a flight, I was in front of this little kid. And the kid like. Took the kicking the seat to a whole new level
and he slid down in his seat and started kicking me in the ankles
fuck capitalissssssssm, ssssssssspelt
Ask me to do what
Oh haha
Gosh that would be difficult. I tried to do it with. /no arms but I struggled so hard
This time I have all the logs and not just big question marks but still
Covering everyone's perspectives is hard
Like the problem with novelizing Cleveland is getting everyone's stories without whiplashing. George rr Martin does that kind of thing well.
But I've never tried anything like that.
Bye anti. Safe travels.
Just imagine the reality show of a bunch of random PCs from different campaigns getting locked in a big brother house.
I don't know which of my capes I'd put in. Queen or gwyn id say. Queen would probably be funnier
"There's no Coke in this house so I snorted the contents of the salt shaker"
AQ has a 4 in know thank you
3
Her dumps were soc and brawn but she got her soc back through a milestone.
oh my god
that would be fantastic
we've got rats. We've got pit bull sneaking in dogs
AQ snorting everything she can find
lol nick pick puck
hey tuz
tuz which of your capes would you throw in the WD big brother house
queen would try to fight everyone.
PUT EM UP. You're like. Two feet tall.
tuzi's pretty okay
i mean tuzi does like things shoved up his ass so.
that's because no one wants teller to brutally murder them
i mean teller is a pretty cool dude. But still. he's the murder king of WD
it'd be a lot
if it were done from Wink's perspective nothing would happen
yeah
and then characters with smaller arcs like Dags, khandhas, Quickdraw, Invictus, they'd have to be blended in or written out
which is tragic
it's just. it's hard to novelize something like that without it just. Being a whole mess of characters.
hey cam how u
good.
yeah man
yeah. I just. Idk. I don't trust myself to pull it off the way GRRM can
most of the time though, no
a child soldier would.
whose character is that?
i'm not surprised.
yeah
that's
no
tell him no
endure fits. nothing else really.
I was a fourteen year old girl that was bullied. I cried and posted on DeviantArt.
Daisy handles most problems by calling someone a meanie face.
i should have given daisy craft just because she likes arts and crafts haha
daisy solves problems by screaming "Stranger danger", then trying to make them fly away. And then crying when those two things don't work
ugh true. the powers lately have been so crippled.
beautiful, faust
yeah
You are like little baby. Look at all the campaigns I'm in. ~Thalia, Probably
vag i'm not sure what you're getting at.
XD
Detroit's been around so long i'm sure pink has seen it all.
i mean. dragon was able to trigger despite not having a goddamn brain so
but yeah. idk. we just let bow do what he wa—THAL YOU TAKE THAT BACK
I'LL FIGHT YOU DON'T INSULT MY PRECIOUS QUEEN
yeah
i have no clue what's going on anymore lol
we're not really excited to disagree with you, vag. We're just. There's a way we do things, and a way that makes things infinitely harder for everyone involved.
I'm not trying to be rude. I just don't think it's excitement so much as "the other way doesn't work"
wow nick telling people I'm /nice/
come on. ruining my image.
I've got a heart of stone. I'm darkness. I'm strong and—Nick Stooooop
Tuzi nick is making fun of meeee
spelt is tuzi's ma.
anti's new draft concept is really interesting. I'd be game for it if i didn't already have a char—Maybe I shouldn't say that or anti might kill mine
where you make characters for triggers and anti picks the best ones.
anti stop committing hate crimes.
thalia is already planning to threaten jack's donger.
I need to have some small sessions where the high school PCs just interact. Considering Jack and Lexi are in the same grade. Jack knows hadley and therefore knows May. Damian and May are in the same grade.
Technically Kian is too but he dropped out
Kian is probably the hardest character for me to GM, mostly because he's just so disconnected from the plot of everything else that I have to plan his sessions out.
Shit speaking of which I'mr unning you tomorrow nick. I need to figure out what you're going to do
fuck
I was so focused on passing my test I forGOT ABOUT THE PIRATE
thalia threatens people with knives
I thought it was going to be a wink meme
I'd be really worried if foss like. Popped into my house and was like SURPRISE TIME FOR A SESSION
and I'd be like 1) why are you in my house and 2) I'm not even in your campaign
spelt don't make me kill you off again
that's not nice, spelt.
what's a good way to get shot in texas, tubes?
I'd be really worried if foss like. Popped into my house and was like SURPRISE TIME FOR A SESSION
you can get shot in alabama for that too, tubes
I need to figure out what to do for nick's session tomorrow.
I'm getting sick of just leaving him on the damn boat away from everyone else
i can't kill nick!
because then everyone will be in my PMs asking for a spot
I'm not killing you kick
): why are you people like this
pink omg
but then you couldn't be jill o'lantern. you'd just be dolphintiddies
maybe you should PM van, firlz.
but what about the episode where everyone turns into cavemen?
and lol pink. maybe if she had a more exciting chest she wouldn't have to resort to fucking drug dealers
is everywhere made of crystal?
oh my god anti
why
yeah. anti is a wee babble.
anti and I are the same age
I probably look older than him, though.
I did have someone accuse my very real ID of being fake once though.
really? Idk. I have grey hairs. I don't see myself as looking very young.
my nose scrunch is high-schooler?
and that's what it was, tubes. She was like. Asking me questions about my ID and I was like. If it was a fake it wouldn't say "under 21 until x date" on it.
But mine doesn't expire until 2020 like. I'm not gonna get a new license and pay like $25 for it because you don't like that it's vertical.
and lol pink i'm a big girl!!!!
I don't buy liquor near enough to justify spending money on a new ID.
how do you LOSE YOUR ID
that's just irresponsible.
it's also not WD. and even though teller just left I feel his disapproving gaze
What is wrong with you people
I thought I was a mess of a person but I keep track of my important documents.
I did lose a bunch of stuff when gtfoing out of my apartment.
You still have my key
Please don't. I have to return that soon
Oh. Sorry Faust
The thing you shoot from a bow, firlz.
is sunday easter?
because if it is then yum can't
hey mach areyou new?
I HAVE RETURNED FROM THE SEVEN HELLS
I wouldn't really rec the reddit but the docs are cool. Talk to people who GM. There's me, Cam, van, Antioch, Coldgold... Nick does, so does Faust.
Teller is another good one, but I think he's off for the night
I'll PM you some info, mach
don't let anyone pressure you into taking them
you ain't allowed near my shame box, firlz. I'm a taken woman.
it's over now
ouch
why do so many of our capes need kidneys
Gwyn doesn't even /know/ she needs a kidney
night friends and foes
I will be ready in like. Five min nicko
Hi dol
Pirates today. Yarr harr
I have stooped so low that I'm running a session about grocery shopping. I swear stuff will happen. but at the moment I feel like a hack
down spelt
no kill
Hello... my name is elder thal...
I follow the god of IRCcloud
yeah I'm still here
I had to run to the store so nick got lunch
my laptop charger died so I had to go to the store to get a new one. -_-
80 bucks down the drain, then I get home and bucky pissed on the bed. I'm not a happy camper right now
Nah
I'm okay. I'm just frustrated
fire bear is trying so hard but she's like a limp nood
She can't use her power with all these people there and covered in flammable materials
she's like. Fuck. Stall until squad gets here maybe? I was just trying to buy groceries, I'm hungover, fuck this.
anti was the one who made the power. I don't think it includes fire immunity though.
Cradle Cap.
i'm not sure whether to be pleased or concerned with the fact that my phone's typo has spread on this fucking server.
oh
you killed dive cock
Don't kill claw
it's a hopping day
):< tell
hares hop too
i'd start with no more than five
add more later if you're comfortable
I just pick people
Yeah. people can veto triggers if it's garbo or if it's something they're not comfortable with
I had to do that with Thalia for Norwalk
san raul has some really good ones
one more session in arc 2 for norwalk!!!
man i missed a lot of san raul rip
i have like six tabs of raw logs I need to read lol
at least no one has brought up waffle house as their favorite
you don't /go/ to waffle house. You /end up at waffle house
last time I was in a waffle house I was blackout drunk and I ordered what my friend did, she confirmed with me that this was what I wanted, and then I cried because I didn't get a waffle.
I was like. Gosh. 19 probably?
I've never been to a denny's tbh
ANTI DON'T TELL ME THAT also text u gf
maybe we should take this to #cooking before tell kills us all
sometimes I think detroit is just a fever dream. I love it. but gosh darn.
has everyone in detroit been to that white castle except for me?
Then again all I do is cry in detroit and take apart my mother's belongings
yeah but you don't have a dong no more
No shirt, no dongs, no service.
nugget nugget nugget
someone send tubes like 12 pounds of nuggets
oh my god is thalia running eugene???
hell yeah
i believe it would be praying mantids.
but it wouldn't. you're making "mantis" possessive?
I didn't see that. Sorry.
pink i think you need to sit in the shame box for that pun
I didn't see the earlier one?
blushy's back
!search getting any
a solution to a long term problem of not Getting Any (at line 528)
there you go faust
I like that idea. the cat girl who makes dog puns. Instead I have a cat girl with cat puns and a dog girl who tries to hump everything that moves
D:
I needed allergy mess
goos night fieends
ok
No
We shouldn't have a box bow will be upset
And we should t make him upset.
Hello
:D
Hi druz
Lol nick I know right.
I'm sorry druz I just. That was one of my favorite things to happen ever
Heyo bel
Hey cg.
Hello mish
Yep. Saff for San Raul 2017
D:
they want to arrest me, nick ):
Look. I'll protect you if you protect me.
also i updated your status on the norwalk doc
also congrats nick now firebear has to leave town to get her jaw fixed.
SAFF. YES.
spelt you've known me for nearly two years now.
can you /ever/ tell me what to do?
My own mother could barely tell me what to do.
no what happened was
I was trying to tell /faust/ we have to be inclusive
but I was high on benadryl because allergies
and I saw my name and I wrote that
because my brain can't process two things at once normally
fight me.
i'll take you
PUT EM UP
man. I'm like. I really want to /play/ some WD and not run it.
but all my characters aren't needed atm
and lol foss i do what I want
I'll ruin your game from the outside in.
I see everything
I looked into the void, foss. The void looked back at me. I have become it. I have absorbed it. When I open my great, gaping maw... worlds die. Worlds are reborn.
I am the master of—Oh hi, Vern
how are you
oh. Of the universe.
ur a trump
rip me
gotta go to class bbl fuckos
I would but class is starting. And I suck at power gen
i'm not sure if yum can do sunday. We /think/ his mom is working on easter
but we don't know. so we might have to go to some stupid easter dinner
and I'll have to pretend I love jesus
I think we'll be okay? apparently yum is on, but I'm p sure he's just sitting in the student center and not looking at his phone
so I'll ask him later
Cross is going to get shot in the life support machine and die
Hartmann will just toss away the gun and start beating people with her gimp arm
rip
I have a feeling it's going to end with Mendez and Hartmann in a standoff.
who comes out on top is a toss up. Mendez has both arms. Hartmann has no fear.
I did a lot wrong
but if I do good I get cookie, right?
the guy in the shell wasn't mortal lock and he was already dead
so it's like. someone took all the lobstery bits out, replaced it with chicken nugg, and then cooked it.
WOW SPELT WAY TO KEEP TH E SCRET
that's why we don't tell u thing
rip
u from the good ol days
i like 4 i think?
What about Norwalk?
What's going on?
rip
what have I mised
missed
idk I was drawing some shit for a contest I lost track of chat, am behind on my campaign stuff, and faust is half up my ass asking for tinker parts.
I didn't mean the "up my ass" in a bad way by the way
Oh yeah. I love having faust crawled halfway up my ass
he's in alaska he probably needs the warmth
I'm gonna work on some stuff faust I promise.
i'm just. a mess of a person
aw man there's no word art in gdocs. how do I make a shitty skymall catalogue without that
things I enjoy about anti: when I need help because I'm a sad sack of a GM... he finds the file without me linking it.
yeah but opening photoshop and stuff takes 5ever
i did that today!
my hands are cramp
Yeah. hand drawn
two fully colored draws.
It's for the con that anti and I work for. They need redesigns for the con girls.
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B4QyDXNR5twJb2ZlNXVycVpsY0U and https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B4QyDXNR5twJZHBRUFdwYnNrV1E
so i did that instead of doing the stuff for norwalk that I need to get done
For the con girls to wear, firlz
Yes
That's what they are, Faust
http://www.kamicon.net/
it's last year's design, firlz.
They do new ones every year. and yeah that's how their hair is.
No.
Wow firlz you hate me?
But the color scheme is part of the guidelines. That's just how they are
yeah firlz. Why don't you draw something better?
:-P
DAWN NO
DO NOT PING THE BOW
call him anything but. Bow. Wilbdow. Boar. Window.
you must commit sudoku now
http://www.websudoku.com/
no. the question mark does not.
Dawnk41?
see
still ping
hey maybe let's not span yeah
*Spam
So tomorrow is the last session of arc 2 of norwalk?
incident reports are done. PHO thread is written out. I have everything ready to go.
i'm just a nerd tubes.
I like the immersive bits just as much as the sessiony bits
I started doing the incident reports for yumgar when I gave him the directorship. Because he's a butt and doesn't want to sit and read all the logs.
but I liked them so much that I was like "eh I'll post these to summarize what happened in an arc."
I have fun doing the reports for the most part. It's just that there were SO MANY for this arc since my players are degenerates.
SHIT. THat's one that should probably be on there
fuckl
I get what yolu're saying, anti. I think. I'm pretty scrambled eggs too.
yeah
Gwyn is such a fun character to play. The internal conflict has been more dramatic than any of the stuff she went through with the Hand.
Vigilante!Verdict would be AWESOME
just. Punching the shit out of people.
I SMELL SIN. *busts through the wall*
anti that's a trigger for #WDTuscaloosa if I ever saw one.
Night everyone
Lol look at what happened with blackjack.
I think this is just a lost cause, anti.
It is, tell. But there's a point where it's arguing for the sake of arguing on both sides.
Just don't get blown up.
Grabbing the bull by the horns and riding it into the sunset is one of the best ways to have fun in WD.
Even if you ride that bull straight into a wall.
Yeah. Gosh. Entiendo is awesome.
): she was so young.
I'm pretty flexible with whatever you end up deciding pink. I trust you as a GM. Though I'd be a little upset probably if you dumped me in front of malfire.
Yeah. I'm pretty disappointed. First cape death
Cg. Beat up her brother for her.
Anti was talking about Audrey I think.
Because she triggered from being smothered by everyone for being suicidal. And the wards is like. Structure smother hugbox to the extreme. She's gonna fucking snap
Audrey doesn't want hugs or her favorite food or this or that. She just wants to work on her spear and be left the fuck alone.
She'd kill a man for a pepperoni pizza.
Maybe.
I need to go to bed. Night friends.
Hey dol
How u
same. Marcelle is always a joy to run.
I'm so pumped though. Lots of fun stuff goes up after this session.
incident reports and a PHO thread that I'm really excited about
Not as great as "Rain of despair: evil or gay" or "Rain of despair: Big meanie face" but still good
dust didn't want to leave
*Barnacle
sorry
he screams dust a lot
):
mishie look.
i've typo'd a bit
but I'm not as bad as some others
i'm saff
I can't believe I'm being persecuted like this. I want a lawyer!
Not mishie. Or Firlz. Maybe tubes but that's still not the best option
mISHIE YOU'RE THE ONE MAKING FUN OF ME
I'm not hiring you as my lawyer if you're gonna stand me up there and laugh at me ):
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
it is.
inconceivable.
that's illegal, foss
hey bow
good morn anti how leg?
morn faust how u
Gdocs maybe?
Ah
Yay cg
I bullied machina and they said they might
I'm a pusher, Vern. I push people.
pls don't remind me that they ruined the book
your brother is wrong. Literally the acting is so pancake fucking bad
vern i'm sitting in one of the science buildings next to the stock room. they have a sigh that has a science cat on it and it says "Check Meow-t" and I think that's appropriate for today
yes
if i made a trigger from the book it'd probably be the "peeping tom gets caught"
it's just. Thirteen reasons why is a good book. But idk if I'd turn any of it into triggers for a lot of the same reasons I wouldn't turn it into a tv show/movie. It's just. It doesn't work in real life.
I WILL PUNCH
$roll 1d6 know vern
know u
doesn't razzle my dazzle?
rip us
):
my only cape death was Daisy.
she was so young. So smol.
I'm so wrecked about that. She /cried/
yeah spelt. Secret session
nah div. my cape in local died ):
yeah
11 spelt
She tried to get away.
She went out crying. She was scared.
the norwalk ones aren't. Minus the faceless.
Yeah. The problem is she needs to actually land hits to use her S-blink
her fight with Fenrir was really awesome, because she just ran around and shanked people and then blinked the fuck away
Withstand is SO GOOD
huh. katz has withstand too.
I initially spec'd Cwn with Willpower because of wink.
but switched it over to Withstand because that's how Coldhand stayed alive as long as he did
without withstand coldhand would have died the night of the firebombing.
german dungeon porn probably
she's got big bazoongs
man. hopefully CG doesn't just pump katz full of drugs
haha all right. I look forward to it
Herrschaft has a pet cat now?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/19diSnwsJJSwlUMygMUYz4lsIWfcUH-kQcIkCRHNfR0Y/edit?usp=sharing
Dolyn drew it
Now marcelle. If you tap that you should wrap that.
So i've got the new PHO thread up and the incident reports for arc 2 up as well. So fun stuff.
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1mkbOujjmHHqr0Dia9VTN-VvU2hjHMsVfETePR9h0m-k
Donna's fun.
Anti's cape would beat the shit out of me in the sex dungeon
is CG gonna talk to me first or is he just gonna get his ass kicked by anti?
I'm gonna get in so much trouble.
the Samaritans are probably like "Well fuck"
they probably think I deserted
oh right
"Katzenklaue gets her ass kicked"
She just starts crying while getting the shit beat out of her
):
Her life has become a living hell. She has nothing. The only thing she has is siegfried fucking helping her with cat puns.
hahaha all right
haha
"Hey i tried to make your husband look at my boobles"
no i'm like. Berlin is so good. I'm glad you're running it again
rip
Don't you talk shit about tohsaka.
this isn't the room for anime. But still.
probably. If he had killed me that would have sucked
hanging out in the german sex dungeon isn't as bad.
I mean. my only wound is a broken arm. Which. Embolisms are a thing. But yeah someone else who's /worse/ could have picked me up.
or someone could have been like "Hey the bitch is passed out let's continue to kick the shit out of her"
https://docs.google.com/document/d/19diSnwsJJSwlUMygMUYz4lsIWfcUH-kQcIkCRHNfR0Y/edit?usp=sharing
because dol said she'd draw it
so i said yes
i would love to do that faust. but my drawing abilities are p shite
dol is awesome
same
i'm laughing too hard to write this oh my gpd
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill.
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill.
yeah! Save some ruin for thal and me!
ding dong the foss is dead
you'll never get genned. you'll sit in the corner
never getting a power
people will come
and go
and you'll still be sitting there
waiting
!search strongarm
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill. (at line 560)
do you know some people use horse masks?
THIS IS A FAMILY FRIENDLY CHANNEL
oh my god thal
I guess aim makes sense.
well, foss. It's called a moneyshot.
Depends, Thal.
maybe I should make a supplemental to the rulebook. "SO YOU WANNA DO SOME FUCK"
set them on fire?
lol firlz when u gonna run a campaign
then you can't make fun of me.
yeah I feel like it's 50-50
Like the other day, Nick paced his session himself by running away and locking himself in his room.
isn't everyone a shit tinker?
prions are terrifying.
night friends
Mooooornn
How everyone
https://docs.google.com/document/d/19diSnwsJJSwlUMygMUYz4lsIWfcUH-kQcIkCRHNfR0Y/edit?usp=sharing
for the morning crowd
dentists aren't real people
and van Dol drew that pic!! Isn't it cool?
haha y'all shouldn't be surprised that I like the camp villains. My whole thing from New Haven was camp teams everywhere and then the one made of defected protectorate heroes that were just like "hey criminals need to be fucking murdered"
Massive Organ failure is not a self image problem
Not if you don't try hard enough
i'm running thal tonight when she gets off work
hey mego
maybe we shouldn't be friends
because i'm starting to wonder if gigs would like. suicide pact with cwn and that's fucked
Hey. Hey. I'm not a delinquent
and I'm probably not a ward eitehr
*either
i'm just. Crying in the corner while people try to be my friend.
Someone: Hi!
Audrey: STOP SMOTHERING ME
Yeah, pink
$roll 1d6-1 wits
oh. druz is returning to the seven hells
She talked to her in /that/ voice though.
"This bitch'll punch me in the face with no hesitation. I like her."
tbh audrey would probably appreciate the honesty from Verdict. No sugar coating shit.
!search meaty weasel
firlz did too
busted a chub at Khandhas' funeral
well there goes tgh
tgk
yeah ):
D:
gross
you fucked up her name, foss
O\\\O
respect
Lurks, that's just how nick works
$roll 1d6-1 wits
the ultimate sin
there are sessions running almost every day
I've run several while you were on
thal? A hero?
she'd stab me for a chicken nugget.
THE SKIN HAS A MIND OF ITS OWN
this power is so gross I LOVE IT
she's fifteen. Of course she's a moron.
When I was fifteen I cried and wrote on my Deviant Art page about how no one understands me
AQ doesn't have tantrums. She just snorts shit and tells people to fuck off.
that's um. Kind of like a spear I guess.
They hand her goldfish crackers and gogurt through the crack
she's like a hamster.
and also, spelt. The character's trigger was literally about suicide. I can't really play her as super well adjusted because well adjusted people don't try to jump off buildings.
tubes can describe his detroit experience in one word: Nugget
oh my god
please
what's going on?
this is another boneitis trigger
I mean. it's the same kind of deal
the character is half dead
and unless you deus ex machina it like. it's boring for the player
(Thanks for the session, Pink!)
and unless you deus ex machina it like. it's boring for the player" Nah? What WD game lasts four years?
Oh, sorry. I thought this was a different trigger. The one where the person like just. starts forgetting stuff and they can't recognize their ass from a teakettle.
wow cashy did nothing wrong
all right, mom
firlz is lying in the bed. Smoking a cigarette. "Hey babe that was good for me. Was it good for you?" And turc is hastily throwing on his pants. "Yeah," he says, "I really enjoyed it."
Turc doesn't make eye contact. He leaves. Firlz blows smoke into the wind.
new haven died two years ago ell
firlz was salting about it.
new haven fucked itself in the ass because I tried to do too much too fast and then you know. I had a mental breakdown, quit my job and moved across the country.
there you go. star wars is canon and shia is not
.....yes
Blaster/Tinker.
she has a trident
Yeah. it's a minor tinker power. She can really only do her trident, though she is experimenting a bit with just piping in general.
I did
I totally did
mornin
how u
yeah?
she's kind of loaned out between the police and the PRT? She's a forensic investigator. She goes where she's needed
OH MY GOD IT'S SOMA
I thought your last tooth fell out and you died of radiation poisoning.
yeah you turn around three times, make a pentagram in blood, and chant. It will then come to you
i think i have a blank one lying around somewhere
for some reason my files on Gdocs disappear every so often. I suspect Anti pops in and moves them around when I'm not looking
lol I don't really think you are
I like. Completely lost a character sheet the other day. it was bizarre
yeah
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IXPDpBYjFDUM95jSUDenVGJVtia6DoK9wIa-4HERo4Q/edit?usp=sharing
well. Firlz is here. Good enough. What do you know about wills.
nugget nugget nugget
same
^
Oh my god
DO NOT GET THE PLACE DIRTY DUST
#no respect
I'm sorry I broke kian nick.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IXPDpBYjFDUM95jSUDenVGJVtia6DoK9wIa-4HERo4Q/edit?usp=sharing
Here fam
hahaha I just have no life
Yeah. but my job lets me use my laptop.
lol. I go to Developmental bio without a fight.
The other two. yeah.
dex is good for ranged. Wits is if you want to notice the guy stabbing you in the face
yes, lurks
i am meguca
all around me are unfamiliar faces
Soren you're the other carly, yes?
she does.
please don't remind me of my days in hell, anti
all according to keikaku
BOMB COLLAR
thalia takes FOREVER on character sheets
how many people will you sell to china, faust
audrey is a crybaby. That's why she got bullied so much in the first place.
But dear god. I don't want to think about the yangban beating each other up and tentacling each other
tru
is snapper like....
*makes
I'm not trying to mack on snapper. I'm trying to ask in a polite way if she's uh.
Audrey doesn't even know if she likes boys or girls she likes the idea of being a pavement pancake.
I'm asking if snapper is you know. Like. /Handicapped./
I DON'T WANT TO FUCK SNAPPER
and yeah, anti's taking the guest seat while I sit here and eat popcorn
I'm not doing the finger in the hole gesture.
please don't remind me of that trigger
Yeah firlz anti and I swi—
I already killed firlz off
(the funny thing is i based bud norman on Norm Bloom, an actual oyster dude. Hopefully you didn't kill him by burning his fictional counterpart)
She broke the last person that she hired that wouldn't kill. And now he's just as bad.
everyone's good at whittling. Maybe not Cody anymore.
isn't he only a convict if they convict him? innocent until proven guilty? #badlegaladvice what do you think?
it's kind of crazy to think about. Like. Indy takes place so close to that that it's like. kind of freaky. Anti and I are writing an interlude for AQ and we're like. right before Khonsu shows up and I'm like just.
Queen you deserve better than this. You could have had McDonald's all day breakfast if you were just born on a different earth
Quaff
):<
just because I cry to yumgar about wanting taco bell every so often doesn't mean i'm in love with snapper
i don't have a lack of interpersonal and public social skills!
At least I didn't shove my best friend through a wall because she diddled the skittles.
yeah.
(I love verdict)
considering teller is the PRT director
and you know
I'm there and I have a gun.
anti is a villain and his fiancee is building a supervillain fish tank of doom.
night fam
hey mego
how everyone this morn
i don't want to be fertile.
I am a harbinger of death and destruction, bow
I'LL MAKE A BUNNY GIRL CAPE
yeah claw it's just. A list of waifu
except they all have crippling mental illness.
don't stick your dick in them you'll regret it
!search glory hole
i don't know what you're trying to say.
it's because anti is actually four cats in a trench coat, bow.
I've explained the theory before. You'll have to wait for my harrowing, eye opening expose that's releasing this summer.
I'm more than just my tiddies.
):<
man though. I left today free because I thought I was going to be stuck doing easter stuff with yum's family but his mom is working, and he's going to hang out with his friends so now i'm alone in the house and don't have anything scheduled.
Right. I'll get to that
i'm just an anthropomorphic panic attack I think.
it's okay i get to pet dogs
I thought I mentioned that sunday was a no-go for yum.
good
i'm locked in a basement.
Your go, anti
i'm still tickled that pink made that in response to audrey googling "How do you know if you have superpowers"
pink is so good
i'm still tickled that pink made that in response to audrey googling "How do you know if you have superpowers" " Would you say you're tickled pink?
):<
bitch i'm omnipotent
Same
and lol thal firlz doesn't read anything I do because he thinks i'm boring.
I love the 4Chan one
I haven't had a chance to use it but I love it
oh dear
Prom Dogs 6
what about blu ray vs. hd-dvd
That's pretty interesting, tubes. I didn't even think of IRC style stuff for a campaign. Hm.
I just.  i really like the immersive bits for campaigns that add to the realism. that's why I like the forums and the incident reports and the bits and pieces and anti writing the newspaper article
night everyone.
Morn
Hey meg. Give me a hot second. My laptop won't connect to the internet
Hm. Might just be the internet in this building? Or it's a problem with campus. I'm not sure. Hm
okay
I should be good
you ready megs?
hahaha nick I had to get up for my test this morning
i'm super dead in the head right now though. I was so stressed out I didn't really sleep
I spent most of the night holding the puppo and telling him that he's a good boy.
thanks spelt.
Bucky has gotten into this habit of. If I say "Bucky I love you" he licks my face. and it's the cutest thing
he
he's a good boy
I uh.
well meg is my boss
and you're my friend
This seems like a trap
no
i'll beat ellardy up instead.
hahaha. I am aware of the similarities. This character is actually based on my best friend growing up. I asked her what power she would want to have and she said Isaac's from Heroes.
and then I realized I could fit that into the faceless plot quite well
so that's why they're similar powers.
she's an artist. Works in animation. So the power fits her quite well.
Mmm brains
yeah
The first season was so good. and then they just fucked the baby
God the writer's strike like. ruined my little middle school life. Like my entire life back then was TV considering I was finally allowed to watch adult shows and stay up till like. 10PM to watch them.
So like every day i'd ask my mom if the strike was over
It killed so many of my favorite shows. ):
I WROTE FANFICTION WITH MY BEST FRIEND TO PASS THE TIME. REALLY BAD SELF INSERT FANFIC
lol i don't even watch TV anymore.
sometimes I'll watch stuff on netflix but even my interest in that is waning hard.
though, bones finally ended. I need to go watch the last season
always open is the best one
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vZXFcYHro0TMsDODA16GEBiQuVk_cv3FEzYUmDOKhRQ/edit?usp=sharing Dolyn, Megafire, Thaliaway, Antioch, Coldgold, FaustAsleep
everyone's getting the same number of sessions. Except Faust because anti.
dive coc—hi bow
that's me
Okay
oops some freshman broke glass again.
I love sitting near the chem labs i can feel their despair
yes
git gud
idk firlz i'm not so I can't answer that question
SURPRISE they drive over a car bomb
hey mega i've got a class i'll be back in a hot sec
Thanks mega!
oh my GOD anti
you changed the titles of the chapters again i'm laughing my ass off
"The best cure for PTSD is definitely heroin"
Feels make reals
Lolololololololol
So firlz is gonna die in his first session right?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vZXFcYHro0TMsDODA16GEBiQuVk_cv3FEzYUmDOKhRQ/edit?usp=sharing Faust, anti, and thal I still need your availability
are my dates off?
they are
don't know how I did that
also, your go anti
night meg
teller is not an AI teller is. He's a cruel god, but we all revere him.
put some clothes on you pings guys
don't let the nip slip
raise your hand if tell has killed you in a game of weaver dice.
Faust is the only GM to have killed me
):
Daisy was so smoll
she tried
she cried
): she was 11 spelt
She was so smol
yeah dol. ):
in a secret session
No.
he noticed the glow so I couldn't fling him away
And she just. cried a lot.
She was really scared and the worst part is she was like "I should be crying for my mommy but I hate her."
):< spelt I make okay decisions sometimes
there wasn't much i could do, mish.
oh chubster is aliv
*alive
Hazard Donut.
Odd Adult Officer
I'm using the random word generator again
Blood Binge
oh my god
"Weed Marginal"
thank god, faust
you can't outrun the memes, bow.
It's unfortunate, but true
I thought the dictator was sacha baron cohen
I got brought to that on a date. He apologized after.
no it wasn't yum, van. This was when I was in high school
I don't want more adam sandlers. I agree that comedy would prevail
pls don't hurt fleet, thal
he's a good
him my friend
YOU WANT TO TAKE HIS ORGANS THALIA
He's sane. He doesn't have a death wish like Gwyn
wow why am /I/ the weirdo in the PRT
look. A straight man goes on the internet and there's a woman who's flashing her tiddies. he gonna find it
Oh FUCK
I completely forgot about mars' flaw
I haven't made him roll soc at all
yeah
Foss I will take all of your things
This is mine now.
You may hold the title. But I have the trophy
STRANGER DANGER STRANGER DANGER
i mean i initially said that I wasn't going to use rolls as much
foss go to bed stop kidnapping people
night everyone
MORNING COCKBUTTS
Nm druz
I referenced you in the last Norwalk session.
It was um. "This is my original piece. I call it seven hells"
:)
I'll link you the scene when I'm on my computer.
Is cg around?
Oh did one of my triggers get rolled
Who rolled this trig?
Oh good. I trust van with this
oh god
I don't want to pop a knife out of my vagina.
but the character could be a man. I did leave it intentionally ambiguous.
Oh. I'm sorry for excluding you, non.
If you want to push things out of your orifices, that's none of my business. I'm sorry I judged you.
idk about other GMs but mine are usually innacurate
I KNOW Faust's are
yeah. I do mine like it's the wiki
so there's incorrect info
stuff that isn't known
Several of mine are literally just listed as ????
A big chunk of anti's character in Norwalk is updating the wiki. And his character is usually wrong
i.e. the name of Pit Bull's dog.
and what non said too
yeah. but pink can do a lot of things that others can't.
if I made "Prom Dogs" everyone would be like "Saff you're ridiculous."
Pink makes Prom Dogs and now it's a WD meme
hey tuzi
which is a trigger I wrote. :3
Mega this is the high school I went to
I /know/ how baffling it is
FIVE BUILDINGS.
Foss the trigger isn't about being pregnant
it's about the threat of being pregnant
I wrote this because it's a possible threat for /me/ lol
I also kind of thought tinker, tell
most of the triggers I write end up being tinker. Why this
aw thanks for pimping me out, spelt.
I don't know if I like that one
It's kind of strange
The egg thing freaks me out.
I thought it was a joke at first with the ovipositors?
yeah i'm not really a fan of three
I like four.
student loanssss
lol I wrote the trigger as a real fear I have.
do you know the look she gave me when we were at the party for the BIL's baby when she found out it would be a girl?
I got the look of "You'll give me a grandson, right?"
Buckler has a baseball team
Cwn' been mentioned. A few others too I think?
Has she?
Pink can you confirm?
She's been to Detroit a few times I think.
True
lol anti's taking over my game. rip me
did I miss anything anti?
rip
tubes is trying to outsource his GMing
Anti's just. better at tinkers than me.
true
I've discussed enough with anti that he can handle this plot point. After all, he was the GM for the original Vortex crew
he knows what created bomb collar. What I did to seal this fate
The system that he was using at the time had a sanity meter. And like. Every time I interacted with the poor kid his would just. Dip down. mine would go up. It was freeing.
anti doesn't even op me in my own game channel
R E P L A C E D
i'm just teasing haha
hey. Index could have his period.
she's not gonna judge
Hahaha why spelt?
She was my first WD character and it was meatspace. So she wasn't terribly great. I come off better in text than in person.
:-P
Queen is going to be more competent in Indy
Since she's three years older
and has been training under shades that entire time.
And she's kind of gotten over some of her PTSD. She's still on drugs even though she swears like once a month that this time she's D O N E
This latest time was "Wow Khonsu is fucking scary I'm quitting drugs."
you know. one time there was a big incident in my high school because someone put a fish in the toilet.
Like a large fish. Like a trout. it was dead. And just. In the toilet.
like. I just. Who decided this was a thing? Like who wakes up and says "today I'm gonna put a trout in the toilet"
how many times will index tinker and people think he's pooping
now they think you're taking a runny poop, index.
good job
do you think girls want to date a guy who takes massive dumps?
her brother thinks the boarding school thing is cool. THE GRIND DON'T STOP. Clair thinks Phil is cute and he /reads/. That's like her fourteen year old dreamboat.
I'm trying to think of who my crush at 14 was. It was one of the theater guys.
yeah. I got to touch his /head/ during a Midsummer Night's Dream and I almost died
he was gorgeous. Brazilian. And a /senior/
I was a mess in the 9th grade tubes
I spent most of my time complaining about my parents ruining my life on DeviantArt
B A M B O O Z L E D
Darn you tell. Infecting my campaign.
I get that Norwalk isn't as /cool/ as Sicol, considering I don't have Titz and Azz everywhere. But. But we have have a 14 year old tinker running into people's apartments to watch them bang
I'VE SOLD OUT TO THE SEX APPEAL TOO
IT'S JOEY.
MY MAN
I'm just teasing, tell. You're pretty cool.
piggy roast beef? Piggy none?
Piggy wee wee wee?
yes did.
did no one see?
Piggy 2 market? Turning into... Piggy home? I.
Come on
i'm hilarious.
they already think that anti
snapper is weeping
someone disgraced the nugget
Oh gosh I forgot you're like. 17 right?
I will protect u
whenever I babysat my younger siblings they would tell my parents how much they hated me.
lol firlz like you didn't do that in Cleveland either
you did wreck things for the PRT tho
hello vik
also anti it's ur go in queen
Hey. Soma come ON. I'm one of the Unlimited Blade Jerks. Don't take my title
we're all secret now
guns are the best superpower
look at Shades before he chugged that vial
wow firlz since when do you agree with me
Shades is the best.
my family is cursed with the ending in the -y sound.
Carly, Emmy, Danny. Morgan doesn't fit. And then the dogs are Rosie and Penny.
It's strongarm now, firlz.
night loser.
GMs can totally be losers.
proth I still have my cape from your thing in my graveyard folder
Foss what respect
Thank you foss.
I haven't.
wtf
Foss i have definitely never been boyscouting. I'm a girl. And the girl scouts denied my application.
):< the most illegal thing I ever did was.... Um... Technically I hit someone's car and then panicked and parked somewhere else.
I didn't torrent the lion king it was a dvd.
But me trying to fuck a guy when he wanted to watch the lion king doesn't have to do with WD.
OFF. TOPIC.
MODS MODS FOSS IS BEING OFF TOPIC
i'm sorry i was loud teller I had to get someone's attention. This is a serious matter. How about that weaverdice.
Yep, Mish
is there anything specifically you want to do mish?
idk soma some dude.
because if not i'll probably just run a bit of Damian at school and then a little of him talking to the deputy director.
okay.
Friday isn't good for yum
he runs DnD
Saturday he has a magic thing, lys. Sunday's probably best?
too many memes stop must get back to weaverdice stop
Though if you asked me, it stood for "Some other magical Asshole"
I was SO CLOSE to killing SOMA and the motherfucker died before I could drop a bomb on him
He died of radiation poisoning that he got by duplicating uranium isotopes so he could build a nuke to win a grail war so he could wish away the radiation poisoning that he got from duplicating uran–
hi druz
how you
we know proth
I'm ok druz probably gonna skeep soon
yeah fulv dunno why
night friends
morning everyone
how everyone?
Anything interesting going on today?
may has the 10/10 booty of Norwalk High.
that's the problem with having a good power
You'll be
POPULAR
Please, I know about Pop-u-lar~
paradox clubhouse only has your best interests at heart, CG.
yeah dingdong. It's just anti being lazy. Or maybe he's conspiring against me.
I'm going over to his place for lasagna tonight. Maybe he's going to poison me
TAKE OVER THE CAMPAIGN
FEED ME TO THE SUPER VILLAIN FISH TANK
yeah lol you just have to go to the room and click on the campaign doc
if you read the logs let me know what you think
this is my first foray into GMing that stuck for more than two sessions
I get thanked a lot
I have a pretty strong following too
And I'm a vain bitch who lives on the acceptence of others.
Yeah!
My players are all very grateful. We usually thank each other at the end of sessions. It's nice. I love my players.
thalia and anti are the only people to ever ask about NPCs' pubic hair.
Mega is a delight to run. I like coming up with all the little mystery pieces and just dangling the smallest bits to make him think that he's onto something and then I YANK IT ALL AWAY
I have pretty good notes on my NPCs. Unfortunately I don't write down whether or not they /shave down there/
because I'm not a FUCKING PERVERT
faust you've watched me cry about bugs before while Yum was streaming. Do you think I regularly fuck around with motor oil?
also faust remember when I said yesterday that I got caught in a fire alarm?
Turns out it might have been arson.
that's fun.
which is why Vortex doesn't have a kill order. She's calmed down a bit. She still loves the feeling of sucking a man's breath out until he chokes and dies. But she mostly does it to people who deserve it
But yeah. I love all my norwalk players/pcs. Even the ones that are harder for me to come up with things for are still fun once I get started, you know?
Like I like something different about everyone.
I like sending Index on quests. I like Lexi's pluck and how dol just does what she wants and her reasoning is so sound that I'm like "yeah sure put a bow on an otter". May is good for deep and emotional sessions. Roland is fun for the mystery aspect. Jack also has some of that, but with an extra helping of social obliviousness. Marcelle is in my favorite
gang of the city, and he's just a delight since he's so multilayered. Damian is fun for the comedy aspect. Kian just gets shit on by everyone. And then yum basically just takes Hartmann and is like "I'M GONNA WRESTLE A BEAR JUST YOU TRY TO STOP ME."
that's a good ott
I'm not in tallahassee
that's all i needed to say thank u 4 ur time
I CAN'T ANSWER THAT QUESTIONS FAUST
I like you all for different reasons
i love rain
Lexi would probably be driven to murder if she dated Jack
bomb collar I think is a little too much for lexi. He's only a year older but he has way different ideas of what it means to be evil
Hey sor!
hello ach.
Maybe Lea is better. Ach sounds like. "ACH my leg"
I don't have the talent for nicknames that Bow does.
What I liked about yesterday's session was the dichotmy of girl gossip and boy gossip.
Girl gossip. If someone says "That girl blew someone behind the bleachers" everyone would be like. "What a slut"
Boys go "Wow really would she do that to me."
(Clair did not blow anyone behind the bleachers someone just spread a nasty rumor about her)
he actually did that
Nigel is a bit of a muckraker though
and then gets upset when people don't like him.
and blames it on the pants shitting in the first grade
instead of you know. things like calling may a slut in the 6th grade
tu
*tru
her milkshake brings all the boys to the yard and she's like "Dude I have a girlfriend."
Muriel Kazinsky? She's awesome.
Maybe your benefactor is Mr. Redford
*radford
Wait I'm the GM I can't throw out theories.
lol
good luck lol
I use No Respect with Kian by having everyone treat him like a child. And then when he does something they all run away.
The only person who genuinely liked him on that pirate boat was the goopy groot knockoff with the intelligence of a two year old child
eh. I disagree, Foss
All press is good press
Everyone thinks Rain of Despair is silly, for example
but that's not the same as "No Respect"
See how I handle Rain vs Dust in Norwalk. Dust has the "No Respect" flaw
It makes it hard for him to stay in groups. People talk down to him.
Kid this, kid that.
They're wary of the fact that he has no friends.
I'm not saying that I have perfect implementing of "No Respect" but I think you have the idea all wrong.
yeah
It's gotta be how they carry themselves. It's gotta be something that everyone picks up on.
Like. I'm sorry if we're being harsh but we're trying to help you improve, foss.
$Life flaw no respect
Let's just look at this for a second.
is this Drive 2.0
yeah
Literally. My first time playing WD I hadn't read the gotdamn thing and anti was just like HERE U GO
DO IT
DO IT FAM
i'm running mish tonight
and then you do lightning round until indy?
LIGHTNING ROOOOUUUNNNDDD
fuck u thal
speaking of which. your go, anti.
LET ME AT EM. PUT ME IN COACH
GIVE ME FIGHTS I'LL PUNCH THEM
why this
go there
don't come bck
*back
until you're sorry for what you did
hi tuzi
how u
Lexi is awesome, and he's so much fun to run.
interesting. I feel like RoD and Damian have similar silly light tones in the early sessions
While Damian does pick up some heavy notes in Arc 2
ARE YOU READY TO ROCK AND GAY??????
it's mishie as usual
when I worked as a camp counselor, we found out that one of the moms writes erotica for a living.
We found one of them. It was terrible.
It's called "Meltdown" by Tara Thompson if I remember right.
it's a fucking book
she wrote it
you can find a book that I'm published in if you google my name.
STRONGARM
WE DID NOT
how old are you again, lurks?
wow he has good typing for 2
And the casseroles.
I haven't even bothered with costume mechanics in a while. I just design what it /looks/ like
Queen's is the only one I really hashed out in terms of mechanics
yeah, anti
I like the name!!!
You were on homecoming court?
You dweebus
Those are his fridge magnets
Yeah. I get that. I could tell you weren't exactly comfortable playing Nat.
Hey soma
I don't know. I'm so like. Invested in my characters that I don't think I'd be able to handle giving them off to someone else. I could MAYBE give AQ to anti. I think he knows her well enough
but Gwyn. I've put too much of myself into her that I couldn't.
wow firlz fellate anti some more
teller you might want to go see an optometrist for that
that's a v southern thing
Queen is the easiest for me. Her reactions just come naturally even though she's not very much like me.
We share the same crass nature. But emotionally I'm more like Gwyn than like AQ
Playing Gwyn is exhausting though. There have been times where I've written her panic attacks and I'm just emotionally drained for hours.
AQ is just very much. Go Go GO Go. but she's self aware. She knows that she is a disaster. She just doesn't care.
really waht, tubes?
lol she's just teasing. They're both social people. From where I placed their houses, they've known each other since at least middle school. Longer if they went to the same church.
night.... fucko?
I used loser last night
yeah
Bow submitted the crow/knight changer. Not the marble one, anti.
ah
it is true
sorry I didn't know I wasn't allowed to use the fucking grenades.
the protectorate is just. Hard to make a good character in. Because you're so wrapped up in bureaucracy that it's pretty much paperwork simulator 2015 unless you have a pre-established character beforehand. Idk. Anti's put it better than I ever will
i reign supreme
night ant
those people don't really get into games anymore.
^
!search abort
I'm a girl-o
a lady-o
(Druz we only tease because it came at a part where it like. Fit terribly well)
he's asleep next to me mishie
faust are you gonna open the shame box?
I CAN"T. When he wakes up spontaneously he like. screams.
and acts like he's being murdered
and then he'll demand cuddles
and I don't have that kind of energy
aiight mish. COntinue tomorrow then?
what if you made a taco... out of nuggets
the naked chicken chalupa was delicious
which kind of sauce?
diablo? Fire? Mild?
mishie was trying to be polite tubes
names have been changed to protect the guilty
I don't know, tubes.
They might still have the verde sauce though.
I was a taco bell sauce for halloween one year.
I WAS the verde sauce
YOU WOKE HIM UP TUBES
we get it. Old as balls.
i've basically said "fuck mechanics" and only use them when i need them
I haven't read auterville so—PROTH NO
SOMEONE LET ME KICK PROTH.
But yeah I haven't read otterville so I wouldn't know. I found it too hard to get through the logs.
but this isn't dnd
non we're mostly adults who pretend to be superheroes on the internet
proth i'm pretty sure you're a sentient puddle of semen
oh fun. I had some of that in my old apartment.
but yeah. of course we're nerds
I don't know what your nationality has to do with anything.
i'm going to bed.
l o l
hey
hi verno
nice
hey don't steal my schtick, lurks :-P
christmas of what year, lurks?
Okay. I was only asking because like. there have been a lot of campaigns in winter 2009/10
not that that's a bad thing
I don't know what I'm tryng to say
Why do we all like winter for campaigns so much?
winter is the worst
NO. NO STEP ON SNEK
Suffer Bend: a campaign by Teller
(Hey everyone yum is streaming and he wanted me to let y'all know. twitch.tv/yumgar )
he's on now
no spelt
ur not important
thanks fam
ur not my friend
whoa there thay, calm downo
sell drugs
lol tru
she gave money she was just  little short
i'm sorry i'm so smol. I tried.
Rip spelt he lived.
Tell is just a good
mega you're awake?
rip
is cg dead?
oh
):<
today yumgar tossed a trashbag at my face and then said "Look you can get in it now."
blaze it
gay
When will teller's reign of terror be over? When will it stop? How many more will he kill?
then again. If killing PCs keeps him from killing real people i'm all for it
hell eyah
yeah
night, splet.
i'm gonna crash too. Night everyone.
morno
how u nick
das goot
same
hey dol
did you deded
they stepped on snek?
dol you here?
I'm getting the good shit
not everyone is
Aimee isn't.
Lexi isn't.
she just wants everyone to be happy
Dol one mo I have to restart my my computer.
You wouldn't download a cape
Tell are you just defiant in disguise?
Does that mean you're legend, firlz? Because you're shooting a lot of shit from your ass.
DC fuck you.
right!
i've never broken anything except my hopes and dreams
how have you never heard of a grinder???
that's pretty gay, mishie
Not gay. just evil.
You'd listen to Honeybee Bible, anti?
I just use my random word generator for band and video games. But yeah that's the feel I got too.
I just looked up that chick anti. You're so right.
www.textfixer.com/tools/random-words.php this is the random word generator I've been using for names in Norwalk.
When I need throwaways like bands, video games, background capes that get mentioned once.
I'd listen to Butterfly Crime Scene I think.
that one kills me
blockbuster now and chill.
that sounds like another name for cockblocking anti.
I like hearing everyone else's Bet-isms.
yep
and someone will draw a dick.
Hello, my name is elder Saff. I would like to share with you the most amazing glitt.
Thanks for playing, Dol. You were great as always. :)
i'm glad I finally got to that reveal though.
nah. it's just an interesting tidbit about her parents. They haven't had much chance to shine since Rain is a bright little sunspot.
true
https://68.media.tumblr.com/5202abf7593a4e1dadc6fbf418b03385/tumblr_ol99k0xnk41rcsm8ao1_540.jpg
I mean. I'm okay with it. The only reason it's not on there is because that doc is barely ever updated
yeah. Go for it
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RnShorWTkSv289aCeH4ooTMjLAoipNW3SB41K_bsTFk/edit?usp=sharing
courtesy of faust
wtf
Thal, meg are you on?
I know you are thal.
I'm ready to get this interrogation on whenever y'all are
oh
rip
i know pink. I know
i've been dreading this moment
yep
hehe okay
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RnShorWTkSv289aCeH4ooTMjLAoipNW3SB41K_bsTFk/edit?usp=sharing
Basically I'm gonna write the intro post and then let you two at eat other. If you need me I'll have my phone, but I need to run to the store like ASAP
Okay now I gotta go get stuff at store-o
i'm not going to the store-o right now-o because there's ANTS IN MY CAR
):<
I HAD ANTS ON ME
Yep
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RnShorWTkSv289aCeH4ooTMjLAoipNW3SB41K_bsTFk/edit?usp=sharing
SHITPOST, FAM
Can someone link me the rulebook part with skills please?
I can't find it in my fucking drive
Thanks claw
i'm totally blanking. I know you can have as many skill pips as x2 your know. But is there a cap on the number of skills you can take?
Okay. Cool
yeah
BORK BORK BORK
what do you mean ix
because you can like
customize google maps
Google.com/mymaps
oh
an imaginary city
rip
rip
what
is slither ded yet?
oh
hi
ur a worm
I'm amazing, Lurk
yeah
We eat, sleep, breathe it.
A lot of us GM
those who don't usually play
anti is like. the Turbo GM though
I can only hope to have a fraction of his talent
Best advice
run a game.
or make friends
37 times, faust.
basically your options are run a game, stick around for like six months, or be IRL friends with someone.
i fell into the IRL friends category. I only started GMing last month.
please don't bring up New Haven, tubes.
you don't need to kill people to be a good GM
I haven't killed anyone yet.
11, Faust!
):
like a week after her birthday
she was so fucking sad
no she triggered on her birthday
because a WATER TOWER FELL ON HER
while she was trying to run away from home
yeah rid. ):
secret session. but she died
I'm reall—RID REALLY??
I'm so sad. I liked Daisy a lot
XD all right, van.
I need to read talla. I'll probably do it once school ends
D:
holy shit how is my wordcount higher???
https://drive.google.com/open?id=11aqCVCpRT7IX4GSRP8iqsyBi2FVJa0xOQ_ChpoxZxCo
oh did you, ding dong???
hwo did you like it?
Lol faust that was your toybox session
and idk weka i started with kind of a story in the background. But I also kind of let my players fuck around and there's a bit of a sandbox?
:)
just like me, ding dong
i am small and cute and then oopsies I stabbed you
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X8eTBSsvNtKGSw7cUcEQ6Sk8br-LrSYWC8Hp29vS_PQ/edit#
animorphs was some dark shit.
I mean
dice
next norwalk session is monday.
where we get more jack screeching
yeah. Norwalk has a pretty incompetent PRT. Mostly due to underfunding.
foss stop trying to deal drugs
you'll pry my caffeine out of my cold, dead hands.
it is but it's GOOD
night nick
go to bed anti ur drunk
Hello
Oh nice
lots of newbies again
didn't know it was time for another influx
hey mego
do body shots of cauldron vials
CHUG CHUG CHUG CHUG
0 know and you're like. Tell me 'bout the rabbits, george.
rip daisy
school scenes can be fun but they end up making my pacing shite or I just make them skip
so many of my teen characters started skipping because i'm like "I CAN"T MAKE MATH CLASS INTERESTING"
thanks Barbie.
And lysa. I usually try. But then you get this "Math and science were boring. English was okay. And now it's lunch time!"
When I run school stuff I usually do homeroom/Lockers. Then a little bit of a class. Then lunch. And then oh look school is done.
They're important for teen capes
it's just. I sort of hate trying to pace them
Yeah. like. Now i see why teen dramas just have everyone hanging out in the halls all the time
Degrassi is a modern masterpiece, anti.
shit when does the new season premiere. June maybe?
Anti did homework for Jack
it was still fun, anti
just fill the lake with the corpses of villains
mega can I give wink a viking funeral?
or just piss on his corpse?
hey tal
just appeared from the shadoes
1 death for me. out of. A lot of sessions.
pretty dead.
tally i'll be running some tomorrow afternoon.
i GM #WDNorwalk
read some logs. Pop by tomorrow to see Anti play the most toxic motherfucker on the planet
Taaaaccoooooooo
Tueeeesssdaaayyyyyyyyyy
Local is so good
Go read it
or i'll just link you my lo—SAN RAUL IS SO GOOD TOO
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X8eTBSsvNtKGSw7cUcEQ6Sk8br-LrSYWC8Hp29vS_PQ/edit#
There you go, tally
rip dallas
l o l anti
i'm sorry I died, Faust.
same
I literally don't care about getting pinged
because I'm like
ooh someone's talking shit about me
Claw I herd u was talking shit
yeah dolyn
;)
WAIT FUCK
:)
I'm not coming onto you dol i'm sorry
I'm sorry for giving you mixed signals dol
I'm a taken woman
I hope you can forgive me
tally there's also Ghetto G-Sus and Titz and Azz
Tell is like. The mod that keeps us all in line. He's someone we all respect and look up to and then he makes NPCs like that and you're like. *Narrows eyes*
I don't really have any silly crass names in Norwalk. New Haven had a bunch before it died l o l.
Buttchug.
emperor's robes is fun
read logs talllll. Dooo ittttt.
though Sicol Bend is really daunting because there's so much and I haven't even read them so
i am down for more cape celebrity gossip
The shit with Miss Oilslick and Rain of Despair was hysterical
oh my god faust no
PUT YOUR DONGER AWAY
same
look. Sirocco deserved to be rended
):
she probably should be spayed so she doesn't try to get herself knocked up with someone's kid so that they can't leave her
i like making NPCs. I hate trying to think of powers. But making their personalities and motivations is really fun
i'm shit at making powers.
but i can peel back their layers and give them the fleshy bits
the powers don't matter as much to me
you're a person, not your power.
lol i haven't even written trigger events for most of my NPCs.
a few have them
the rest I was like "Yeah no fuck that."
I'm really bad at powers and powergen.
so I usually don't touch that shit with a 10 foot pole
How most of my NPCs were genned... I wrote down names I liked, handed the list off to Yumgar and went "hey babe can you please make some powers for these"
and then I went through and added names and personalities and stuff
the more important capes have trigger events because I just thought about them while creating them.
like. Fire Bear and Houdinette have them because they interact with PCs a lot.
but like. Country club doesn't. Because no one gave a shit about them l o l
Fire Bear is one of the members of the Norwalk protectorate rid.
she's the best i love her
See tally. Before I started running Norwalk, I had this aborted campaign called New Haven
where there was The Meme Team
and Fire Bear was a member of the meme team
but when I went to make Norwalk
I liked Fire Bear so much that I couldn't not throw her in
Technically she showed up before New Haven. Yum was teaching my siblings about tabletop games with WD.
and so that was the character I used for that
and during that small session Fire Bear got shot in the jaw.
so I just kind of folded that into her backstory
we've rolled for fuck, panth
why not roll for sandwich
!search strongarm
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill. (at line 560)
Dex/ath/soc yes thal.
I've played uh. 11, 19, 16, 15, 24, uhhh..
night loser
pop goes tubes heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVkU8dDSC9w
same nous
every time I try to cook dinner i'm like "guys who summoned satan this time I can't keep feeding him"
egs are so good
LOOK cg. If teller isn't here it's anarchy
NO RULES
WHO'S GONNA TELL ME WHAT TO DO? YOU? ANTI?
nah man like. I respect teller. He's a pillar of this community and shit.
antioch once fell asleep in  atrash can
but yes
let's getback to wd
mishie i took cold medicine so not right now
because I can't really feel my fingers
oh i'm sorry cg
nyquil.
tubes i'm like. a sentient fucking squirrel
i'm like. a sentient fucking squirrel
i'm like. a sentient fucking squirrel
thanks tubes
i'm saff (at line 557)
nah. Safraninflare
it's a biological dye used in gram staining.
my name is carly. i'm smol.
you're a person, not your power." Your power's an expression of yourself, though.
craft (French cuisine)
i know thal
I had uh. craft (Satanic ritual)
Help
*hello
Sometimes, turc?
I have a playlist for Gwyn. When I do AQ stuff it's usually like. Emo musics.
AQ got my taste in music mega
Gwyn has angry girl bands.
A little bit of everything, pink. By angry girls. For angry girls. About angry girls
https://open.spotify.com/user/1231296004/playlist/0RkjRyDm3LnXzqHs71ce58 this is the playlist I found that I've been using for Gwyn pink
Someone else made it. But it fits decently well
https://youtu.be/FrLequ6dUdM winks song.
What's snapper's song?
whoa Jack no need to shit yourself.
gah my writing is really stiff today
it probably is fine. I just dislike my own writing more than I should.
I also feel like I'm in a weird fog and that might have to do with chugging a monster after having a cup of coffee
hey soren
ROLL TO HIDE BONER
they totally took his money just because they could
it depends on how cody is with his mouth
and hands
Tinkertech donger
!search hookers
oh god it's still going?
lol firlz is getting thirsty
also anti what shirt is jack wearing today?
XD
paint is a pain
I prefer colored pencils tbh
though I'm kind of picking up digital?
oh cool.
what do you think so far?
I'm glad you're enjoying it.
yeah i think so thal
1.4 is damian stabbing people and making them gay
i did deliberately name them like friends episodes. Even though I don't watch friends.
she's pretty oily
lol my sisters (Who are 3 and 9 years younger than me) watch it on reruns all the time. I've picked up some stuff. but i'm like. really tho?
though my mom watched it a lot when I was a kid too
So I saw some of it then
But it didn't stick in my brain the way buffy did when my mom watched
mostly because buffy fucking traumatized my tiny brain
$roll 1d100 lolololololol
I was making a joke
about how jack's kisses are so bad that she second triggered
hi tuzi jack got kissed
at least if miss oilslick wants to give a shitty handy she makes her own lube
You're all a bunch of shitters
what on earth am I doing iwth my life
THere are children being murdered in Norwalk
and Jack fucking Voigt is somehow getting macked on
how is this happening
i'm just
I thought he would fuck up these rolls
did you ever get dumped so hard that you rebounded with the school weirdo
I kind of was the school weirdo.
no one ever rebounded with me though
I just flew under the radar enough
lol the most he's gonna get is a shitty handy
I don't currently live there.
I grew up there
Really all there is to do is smoke weed and fuck
I did neither.
I'm on my phone otherwise I would link the charasheet
Or the description at least
The faceless don't want jack
not miss oilslick apparently.
Foss stop bullying the robot
nugget nugget nugget
welcome back Nicko
how u
i love how phil got kicked out and jack is leaving because his mom was like "Hey i don't want you doing unsafe things when there are kidnappers out there"
unfortunately you can't sell jack to the yangban
"Yeah hadley meet me at Tequila mockingbird" and then just fucking chloroform her
hadley isn't a self insert, mishie
you can't just sell the annoying normie to the chinese!
they'll get really upset when they open the box and they find jack instead of a cape
if you give him a knife i guess he's a striker 0
giving jack heelies makes him too powerful
broken
no
who hasn't at this point/
may is very good at using her tongue.
we get it.
ew proth
the next message he gets is "Hey this is Nev from catfish..."
this is probably gonna blow up in his face
not faceless. I've said. The faceless DO NOT want Jack.
true
Got dam i lost my PEN
i thought I had it but I don't
i found it
it was under the blanket
night splelelelelelelelelelet
read more norwalk and then you can understand just how fucked jack is
fuck reddit
MARS YOU CAN"T TELL THE KID TO BREAK SOMEONE"S KNEES
\o/
Yes
Read norwalk
p much yeah
there's some really good shit in norwalk. I have really amazing players
yeah it's seb's.
but that is your blood faust
Fire Bear is also a treasure
anti i'm. I'm laughing my ass off right now.
because 1. There's a movie theater like literally a hop skip and a jump away from vortex's place
2) saffron is like. WAAYYYY down the road from the movies that he's thinking of
XD
Like. I'm trying to think comparatively to tuscaloosa. Like. It's the difference between like. The castle and the sonic on 15th street.
Nah. I think Pink did them
pink does all the really cool formatting stuff
objectively it doesn't matter
but this whole time I'm like "Why do you need a car when you could literally walk to the movies"
There are two
Ye. I just assumed you were gonna go to the one in SoNo
i've also never actually been to that restaurant. I've wanted to
but my mom was always like "I don't want to get indian food and not like it"
And now i'm like
fuckin indian food is so good
it really only is good for his doggo
bork bork bork
man. That's another regret I have with starting Norwalk in the winter. No one can go to Overton's for dates. And that's /tragic/
Rocky is a real dog
but has been altered with tinkertech
he's a neutered newfoundland
Rocky is a good boy
ah, driving
the only WD chase scene i've had was the night coldhand and I firebombed the police stations
but that was in meatspace and I spent the entire time going "DRIVE HUSTON DRIVE."
there was a lot of shouting in my living room
my old nemesis, Jetstream, showed up.
tjere was a lot of screaming
Ctrl + z
he don it
hi nick
yeah
oh no
she's gonna get a new asshole ripped
is cg around?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZjPJNociMgM2mypbuexbsd9IUiCeFIwxLDStAvoRfSs/edit?usp=sharing
uncleaned logs if anyone needs them
ColdGold u ready
it's the random word generator
"Sometimes." Tell says.
the world spins out around him
flashbacks to all the times he's had to scold me
"Sometimes," he says. It echoes in the air. "Sometimes."
i'm sorry for making your life difficult, tell. You're a good dude-o
I'm a good noodle.
good
Dark hops show me the forbidden bikes
that's what anti said and I thought it was fucking hysterical
oh thank you
yeah but at least it's better than Expansion Pattern 2
poor artisan
^
purple. why?
do I seem like a purple person?
do I seem like a purple person?" If you do, Saff, then there's someone with one eye and one horn in a very relevant line of work.
i don't eat people unfortunately, non
oh
rip
firlz go home
non just slam dunk your shitty kid
!search slam dunk
sorry fam
"i'm mommy god damnit"
spelt we don't steal souls in a disney movie
i think i scooped too much ice cream
nick i'm lactose intolerant.
that stuff is gross.
Oh. Speaking of which
I stole that last night
can you not make good breakfast, non?
dur right. I read that wrong
He's a 14 year old boy. every tiddy is a great tiddy
everyone likes a good tiddy
non i just need to look down for some good tiddy
:D
i told non to slam dunk his baby
tell you've killed more people than all of us
that's your husband, non. Flashing a little leg ain't gonna do nothing. Put out or go home
yeah.
yum is just a rotting corpse in my bed
I won
fair enough
get the nugget sauce anti
evie would eat a man.
audrey is just. pigtails and tears
no step on snek
aren'y you planning to kill him
technically I'm carly. And Soren is carly.
i knew a caleb once he was in my group at summer camp and we all bullied him for being weird and then we got in trouble.
the end
what i'm saying is. anti kill him
nah, lils. she can't make it to christmas dinner because she's too busy committing racially charged crimes
please do not harass nick he is good
the reason turn can't roll above a three is because non is playing.
so therefore
all the luck goes to non
duh
see
$roll 1d6 can i do it
AYYYYYYY
YAHTZEE
tell are you manipulating things behind the scenes?
non is starting to sound deranged. "I'M YOUR MOMMY. ME."
wtf
foss go to bed
play peekaboo with baby. Baby triggers because no concept of object permanence.
you've been here for like two day
i can't talk. Anti dragged me in here to play in cleveland.
so I didn't have to wait.
I thought I answered that yesterday, Tally. It comes from Safranin, which is a biological stain
because naming #parahumans brings a pox upon your home
night everyone
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
Morning everyone
You're a glory girl, non
Ah yes the great hero, Constantinople.
It was Constantinople. Now it's Istanbul. Not Constantinople.
That's my cape name.
Never fear. Gonorrhea here to save the day
The meme team is now defunct due to New Haven being shut down
We say a quiet prayer for what could have been.
oh god
I don't know if she can handle AQ
every other word out of her mouth is "fuck"
yeah but AQ is alive.
hm?
like lol no WD channels use the dash
bow doesn't tell me what to do.
yeah motorcity doesn't use it either. Just lausanne.
people die when they are killed, pink
hi druz
yeah. apparently if you slam dunk even one baby you're banned for life.
"Listen Cassette. We've booked you a day at the spa. Go there. Chill."
i like cheese
man I want to play some WD.
ooh local
oh lysa? what would you reference if you don't mind asking.
and not much tally. Just Captain Retard I guess.
gosh I don't know.
Fire Bear is pretty good
she's her own cigarette lighter
Faust omg
bees?
rip one of the flowers
correct
yeah non
Are we born killers? Or do we come killers based on our environment?
oh dear
it's a doomed date
avenge my smol, premature death
she was probably born on time yes.
but she died way too young
I hope SC buries her with her lisa frank backpack
i made a pants shitting trigger too and that got turned down
so tomorrow we'll see more of the director in Norwalk
Hartmann vs. Augury.
what was the powergen for?
O.O
Ah
i've been studying
so I guess i missed a bit
I can tell you about vulvas in C. elegans tho
I'm a biologist...
look dive cock. I study a lot of weird bullshit.
yes it is
this is the gay agenda
most of this stuff isn't actually weird.
i say and the next word of my slide is "testes"
so uh. how about that weaverdice
so yeah. the director is gonna meet the rogue precog who's covered in paint all the time.
friday is another pit bull session
Saturday is another pit bull session.
and then my scheduling is very much ????
Night loser
it's 2 different days
marcelle has a wednesday and a thursday
I have Lexi, Jack, Kian, Mars, and Damian for 'Thursday' in game
once all that's done I have to figure out how I'm gonna run the party that opens arc 4
that's something I've been meaning to ask tell about but i haven't gotten around to it.
you blew up malfire, thal
nah i think everyone is in finals funk
i'm running tomorrow, fri, and sat.
but no tonight
oh hey here's the protein I named mishie's group from. Bag of Marbles. It's a protein in uh. Fruit fly ovarian stem cells.
i just thought it sounded good
you're purple. lys
i'm excited I guess.
I really like Augury as an NPC. She's kind of based off of my best friend growing up
hey faust I have a question
was daisy ever reported missing?
or did her parents just not give a shit
poor thing. ):
i feel like daisy died and van hatched from corpse
same birthday
man i'm getting real excited for what's coming up in norwalk
anti was over for dinner earlier and we were just shooting some WD ideas back and forth. Talking norwalk and indy and i'm super psyched.
STOP TRYING TO KILL SHADES
i hate you all
):<
):
are you okay
do not speak my name, weak one.
dol you never told me you were a fish
sacrifice soulpelt to the dice gods, for one.
Being nonagon is another way to increase your success rate.
lol you can barely powergame in Norwalk since I barely use rolls.
You want to do something? Give me a fucking reason why
it's a snoozefest to powergame
because people who powergame typically don't care about the roleplay
they just want to "win"
you're all shitters
good nighto
hello fuckos
well yes tubes. I'm a female so I am a fuckette
hi dol
and jeez van don't reveal my plans
my sessions tend to top out at like 4000 words usually, vern
oh you're talking about total word count
yeah i'm at 200k
look at me
i will never pass for a perfect bride
or a perfect daughter
I WAS SINGING MULAN YOU FUCKS
thank god i'm not your mom i'm pretty sure you're a hot second older than me
that would be weird.
I'm Nov of 1994, Tubes.
so yeah. I cannot be your mom
what the what
Sorry non
anti is still younger than you tubes
he's less than a month older than me
you calling me a dumb cunt.
or just your dice luck
rip Schuyler
it's a a meme even if it's inaccurate
yes
Bel is kind of a meme too? An old one though. Since playing an unpowered was a Belaris option.
Like I feel like we need to have a glossary of #Weaverdice terms
From Belaris option to Verning a game.
hey mego
yum gets to make the precog cry
hey tell
XD
you say that. and then I get home and the toilet seat is up.
Bucky doesn't have thumbs dol.
yeah but they have a different bathroom
3 br 2 bath house
i am, however, a woman.
:-P
I am a queen
PUT EM UP
I'LL KICK YOUR NERDO ASS
cleveland is close
((super excite))
Yes
Good luck
He does sometimes
tru
I don't let bullies into my gamessssss
you knwo it doesn't cost anything to be nice, firlz.
yeah. I love GMing. I think I still prefer playing to running, but I love the world I've created
i love how everyone interacts
I love letting everyone run around in this fictionalized version of the place where I grew up
it
It's awesome
It's really just. Super fun to see people make theories on my plots and NPCs.
I like yeah. I like watching people speculate. I also like when Anti like. Studies the Norwalk maps and pulls out something and i'm like "I KNOW THAT PLACE"
my system of having no system?
he's a real dog
he's just been augmented
but the base is 100% authentic doggo
yeah man. All dogs go to heaven
ALL DOGS. GO. TO. HEAVEN
prom dogs is a movie series, lysa
i have no life, tal
the way I see GMing is. Kicking back and making a story with my friends
I picked players that I know I like and have good chemistry with
So it's not really a chore
It's fun for me
I like watching them develop
Yeah
i feel like that most of the time. But idk GMing makes me feel a little better
it reminds me a lot of what I would do with my best friend growing up (Who Augury in Norwalk is based on, actually)
where we would just. write stories back and forth
so it's just got this really nice and familiar comforting thing for me
idk
honeyyyy
we don't speak of New Haven
we doN"T SPEAK OF NEW HAVEN
I still have the logs
it's shite
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1S8h9IRIlNkGMItjJkXFzPrG3r4LbyUBtwugVc6dcmFE
sorry
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S8h9IRIlNkGMItjJkXFzPrG3r4LbyUBtwugVc6dcmFE/edit?usp=sharing
oh my god babe. We're not talking about Harry. What a cockwomble.
New Haven happened at a really bad point in my personal life. I wasn't as into it as I wanted to be. There was some stuff that my players did that bugged me as a GM
So I just killed it
and didn't pick up GMing again until vern bullied me into wanting to start something and I had a test at school that made me so goddamn mad that I genned an entire setting
fuck u honey
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ah1YnPXRbjnQBcSQ5Cr2BKLpiKpDNokrz0i938zEXw4/edit?usp=sharing
this was yum's character
him scream
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x9l-e4n0_dbHcx1tLCiHXL_fFeJimzDOfuKmseE3lOI/edit?usp=sharing
these were the draft powers
speaking of new haven draft shit proth like. all in'd his dick on a power
you put it all on the power you named "Pussy Destroyer"
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hmpNn5EIEYlEodKzhKAt719jlXVqPYdUJcAG1qPB06s/edit?usp=sharing
this is a gem of a character sheet
"this is all Saff's fault"
i didn't do the hearts
roman-punk sounds badass
AH yes. The case 53 that anti drafted. The notes for it were um. "This cape was literally made as a joke when I couldn’t stop sneezing then matt added the fucking snout thing and told me to keep it because you would buy it and you did. Oh my god. Sneeze everywhere."
proth you're TRASH
the toybox stuff was all anti
faust wanted to buy some tech with his dirty Yangban money. Anti has more tinker experience.
so I let him run it
tinkers freak me out
paradox clubhouse is a good guy
cauldron doesn't give a fuck
and that's not me being mysterious or whatever
i literally give no shits about cauldron
bow that's MY job
Hey Lisa
*lysa
Sorry on my phone
Hey cg how u
I'm running Faust later today.
eat tacos and cry
but what about THREE SNAKE
my plan is just. make the spear. that's literally audrey's only goal
I'd be fine with that if you decided to do that, pink
i mean i'm fine with whatever you do. put audrey in the biker gang.
XD
yeah this is three snake and i'm skin snake
we get it tubes you're snek
hey
faust did yo just bring up Daisy? Why must you hurt me like this
Rocky is a good boy
even if he clapped Nat's ass because she left treats in her back pocket
precogs are probably pretty rare.
I have an NPC precog.
her next painting is entitled "Angel takes it up the ass" mishie
that's very ominous, tubes
when did I get on the queue for tally?
I'm not complaining. but haha I don't remember doing it
not you
I probably did
I just forgot that I did
not probably
i did do it
i just forgot
and no mishie
i don't do drugs
hey cyb
*cyn
nothing much really
yeah. My finals are all next thursday. I've been studying on and off and i'm nowhere near through all the material >.<
Yeah same, thal. part of me generating a character is asking myself what they were like before the trigger
no narrative?
that's like. the whole point
!search shia
thanks non. someone had to be the fun police. :-P
GMing is fun. I'm glad I took the plunge
dol bribes me with art
but yeah. i love when my players talk to me about their characters
hey dol
hey faust and cg
Hi vern
Yeah
I can pink
Oh. Right now? Yeah.
Nah I'm good.
Sorry I haven't had my caffeine yet I spaced hard haha
yes
it's just the laptop that she took apart
yeah she's not taking apart the phone
probably studying, tall
Hey turc
hi megs
yes
are you in the right room, tall?
mega is dutch
teenage rebellion: a scent by Audrey Wu
considering the physical d100 is basically a golf ball
$roll 1d6-1 Audrey Soc 1
$roll 1d6-1 Audrey soc 2
HELL YEAH FOR ONCE
I'm here if you want to do the gen
there's a few good eggs in the room
don't everyone stand up at once.
so we gonna do this or...?
$trigger
Yeah. sorry I'm gonna step in. I'm not terribly a fan of this trigger. it seems really weak to me?
(sorry I don't want to be a pain in the ass)
Yeah. sorry I'm gonna step in. I'm not terribly a fan of this trigger. it seems really weak to me?
Okay. I'm sorry I'm sorry
It's just. It's not really a defining moment in my opinion? It's just kind of "Sit there and trigger"?
$trigger
zene disappeared
so i'm the replacement
be afraid, firlz
spelt's just upset that he got killed in norwalk
kinky
Liverpool
I guess I'll go cauldron?
can I do
watch i roll one of the triggers again l o l
Am I good to go?
fuck you yumgar-kun
BABY COME BACK
$Trigger
i'm gonna go to the store god damn why do i roll the things that are gonna make people fight and scream
I feel horrible that I keep rolling difficult trigger.
where is the doc?
same one?
different trigger pink.
which sucks because I really liked the doctor one.
pink oh my god XD
your joke pink
the "No, just stabbed in the chest"
lol this is the most stressful gen i've ever had
i have no interest in a male narrative
i feel like i'm cursed today
maybe I should just go back to the cauldron drawing board
i just. everyone seems to be weirdly off their game today
idk i normally just leave during powergen because i suck at it
:/ i just don't want a shitty power taken from lukewarm options because people just want to hurry up and pick a power.
did we get a power or
ah
everything
there are bodies everywhere
piled high
the gen never ended
i'm just stuck in trigger limbo
valiant will give you his heart just so he can fucking get away from cwn
gross
thought that's weird thal
i'd imagine you'd have to use some sort of anti-rejection meds for that
Hey
Hi dol
Good luck
Where were /you/ non?
Hey Fausto
I was just teasing you non.
Sure. Gen the power
Anyone remember the trigger number?
I think foss just typoed again
well that's irony if I ever saw it
I still need to figure out how to type right with these STUPID FUCKIN NAILS
do I have a power yet?
ace
let me know when I need to luck
maybe we should go back to the doctor trigger
i liked that one...
$luck
Y'all you gotta say things before we roll luck
i'm gonna go back to studying
ping me when i'm needed
i've been stuck in gen hell since like fucking this time yesterday
i'm ten seconds away from telling turc i'll just be unpowered.
I don't want a bad power
I'm just frustrated as hell
is there a full writeup so i can start on my hseet?
*Sheet
turc, liverpool is 2004 right?
You know, I'm sick of people acting like your day job should decide whether you get custody of your kids.
^this like.
Mars is a good dad
cool turc
just needed to know so i can get the birth year right.
yay meg
night mego
isn't that when rich people pay you to spend money and they get off on it?
lily girl your husband sucks
https://docs.google.com/document/d/14_MosGdIOf9GSlJeefchxT3CACIpJvBVji5EOjZRA1M/edit?usp=sharing
):
i didn't give her a civ name
Hey
Hello turn and dol
Hey Fausto
was it indianapolis?
you don't even know what campaign you applied for
Hey anti you around? Did you get my message last night?
ooh who you running, faust?
spicy, faust
you should probably keep track of what you put your name into.
Hm. I might be able to later, turn? I've got to do my engagement shoot today tho
I'm sitting in my kitchen all dolled up and i'm fucking drinking monster. Living the life
Oh gosh I forgot about that!
11 what time zone?
sorry i'm all scrambly, cyn. We had to move the pictures to today because yesterday it stormed something awful
yeah. i'll be way done with the pics by then
CG avenge my death~
The recap. It was a secret session. She cried a fucking lot. She didn't get to use her power. It was really sad and faust is a kiddie murderer
that's all I can tell you
they better be really really good at running
PARKOUR
Yeah
Oh you've read Cleveland.
Spelt calm your shithole.
I'm wearing heels today
Fight me
Grab the bull by the singer
*donger
Foss go to bed
i have returned
from the seven hells i guess
faust can i have logs for what i missed
also turc if you're still looking for someone i'm free to play. but there might be paid microtransactions.
thanks faust
i was making a joke. because I said i was free to play
wow meg i thought we were friends
):<
also i got bored yesterday and pink'd up a new format for gdocs
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ILQvNMvHNsDrjmCq95pkWNU_GXFfnlW4fAmnh0vU2sA
INSTASNAP
druz it's a template like for the pho stuff
anti mentioned "Instasnap" in one of the descriptions for indianapolis capes
so I was like WELL I WILL MAKE INSTASNAP
DUMP STAT KNOWLEDGE LET'S DO THIS
):<
that's news to me
I already dug the hole for him
I hope I'm getting "Trashy bitch" across
Liverpool
i'm hoping to make a big enough stink that you'll be able to pick me up, thal
gah I've never played a brute like this before.
I'm not used to "Punch thing to get way." So let's see how this goes
I've got the template
you basically just go in and have fun
one sec
https://drive.google.com/open?id=16e0R-5ggZ4ta4yFcN1VGtEhNkDtkLqGKihjE-NVXqw4
that has the norwalk info in it but you can change it
nah. Avatars should be 100x100 pixels. Uh
You can look at some of my completed ones for some other formatting help I guess?
thal omg
so are we triggering thal then?
and this is why i go mechanics light in norwalk. because I'm shite haha
I haven't been in a good fight in so long haha. Gwyn has been blue balled for so long
I'm about to punch a child.
yes
yes I did
firlz you didn't do anything in new haven but walk around town and look at people.
I guess you need to be a hooker, faust
sorry
thanks cyn
morn
morning DIVE COCK
when has faust ever been insincere?
it's not like he sold his soul to mephistopheles or anything.
lol local is a small town in '96 and people still have secret identities
yeah
and not having a secret identity is a pain in the ass. Trust me. I've played two capes that do not have them. It makes life a pain in the ass.
that doesn't mean they're gonna going running around with their cocks out, figuratively speaking.
it doesn't.
like. if you /want/ to do this concept spell. Do it. But don't try to justify it with shitty half-formed logic
Like. Do what you want and if someone asks why just say "because that's what I wanted"
like it's not a /bad/ thing to just say "because I want to!"
literally just say "it's this way because I wanted it."
again. I have played two capes who had no secret identity. it's /hard/ and people will fuck you up
Gwyn can't get a fucking taco without someone spitting on her
katzenklaue got jumped on her way home
uh oh who's getting the teller treatment tonight?
thalia?
oh and pink
that's not a nice thing to say, foss
thaaaalllll? why you call me
): I didn't kidnap and mutilate the kid
I just punched him because he was being creepy
I DIDN'T KILL HIM I JUST PUNCHED HIM
like he was pulling horror movie shit on me
coming up to me in an alleyway with one eye
and I'm just trying to get home to 'ave a smoke and this kid wants directions. Nope. no way.
yeah punch the baby
!search slam dunk
kyle can't put food in his own mouth
both of your sons are shit
just like your husbands
and just like YOU
one of y'all needs to get dead so I can get into san raul
Hops don't touch it
listen to everyone do not touch the thing
that's where his bike went
straight into the crucible.
i do not regret punching that child
Idk pink i've noticed it too
everyone has a hard on for the pacific northwest
tbh that's what I hope to see happen to CT
but thalia does get donuts
you mean, foss.
that's why i said foss is the mean one
he's a bully
anti does make pretty good sandwiches
I do some mean ones too though
Hey
Who is getting gen
and there's a guy who runs around in his underwear.
maybe if daisy had gone with him she wouldn't be dead.
Hey dol
Eh
That's shit I wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole
I can't wait to get back into running Norwalk.
XD
you've tried, tubes. your players are just never free
but firlz. You /are/ a loser. :-P
just jerk off a lot. Then you'll have a magna cum and you'll be laude.
I don't ever want to think about your penis, firlz. That's fucked up.
it's okay to admit that you're wrong, firlz
kill them all
Hey I can kill too...
wow spelt
RUUUUUUUDDEEE
):<
firlz you're fellating a lot of dicks today
and still no games
XD
why?
HE WAS BEING CREEPY
Rosalie is a dipshit and she was like "This is some horror movie bullshit I'm not being the white girl that gets killed first"
that kid deserved to be punched
Vernold.
you're the weeb
A gun is a counter to most capes
A nuke is a counter to 99% of the rest.
I don't give a fuck about your rules if you have a fun I want a fun too
GUN
phone what is this hippie bullshit
Mars and nat share dog videos all day
Also firlz you're off topic. Might want to knock it off
find me find me
LOOK I STAND BY MY CHOICE TO PUNCH THE KID
also turc i am around if thal needs to nab me haha
more people need to punch children probably
(Please don't punch children)
I was also a camp counselor tubes
i once forgot a kid in time out
man thal that's a firlz wits roll if i've ever seen one
and eh spelt the asshole was climbing on the side of the jungle gym and I JUST told his friend not to do that
nope. No clue
i use command K
"make good drugs"
i'm saff (at line 557)
hello
hi!
oh no spelt
i'd fight spelt probably.
that's what we called my dog's crate when I still lived in my apartment, mach. there was a picture that I circulated that involved bucky being in the gay baby jail
but that is not related to WD
you weren't there the time I fucked my assistant
after flashing the entire internet
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/RKCHqRvm/IMG_3997.png
did you forget liverpool on there?
i don't ever give a fuck about costume bonuses anymore
I literally just design what it'll look like and then I'm like "there we go"
Craft (Novel)
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill. (at line 560)
what
I was looking for fun koala facts
let's have some fun this beat is sick, now spelt has a disco stick.
still off topic
Yeah y'all. You've been off topic a lot lately.
Yeah, but I'm also trying to run a game
:-P yes I am satan anti
pfft
"Repeat Starfish"
the guy is a novelist. Hopefully no one ever checks his search history
"how to skin a man" LOOK IT'S FOR MY BOOK
yeah
yep
hey tell
that's when you dead
"Well mom this is my friend denys he's here to uhhhh. uhhh"
Hello
Pit bulp
His faith in the lord
i had one before I joined lol
if you're a dumbass I will punish you
^^^
Nick is also the reason Walloped got Nerfed
I'm so bummed though I really liked Puck's power
like if you're constantly focusing on not dying maybe that means you're being a reckless dumbass
To a certain extent
like if you're doing something because it's in character, fine. But if you're like "Hey I'm gonna go stick my hand in a lion's mouth for the lulz"
I'm just saying that there's a line.
I don't always play characters "Smart" but I play them in character. Was Queen shooting Jetstream the smartest thing to do? no. but she had a reason for it. It's not like she just ran in, whipped her metaphorical dick out and started shooting
there's a line between being entertaining and being obnoxious is what I'm saying
speaking of which hm I need to work on charahub profiles for my latest few characters
which I've spoken about charahub before. but it's a great tool to help you round out your characters
https://charahub.com/user/Purplepoctopus
but like. GMs won't want to run you if you can't keep a consistent character
lol yeah
like. I GM because it's like collaborating a story with friends. I picked players based on their ability to hold a character
Like take Pit Bull in Norwalk for example.
Faust has his characterization so down that I could ask him what Marcelle would do in any given situation and he'd be able to tell me
there is some variation though. nach would have turbomurdered Lily's husband
Yeah. I give each of my characters a trait of mine. Queen has my foul mouth and taste in music. However she's much more defiant than I am. Gwyn has a lot of my insecurities and neuroses.
Rosalie... I don't think she got much of me at all.
tru
but i have never punched a child
but i have never punched a child" Or so you claim.
the worst thing I did to a kid was forget him in time out. Well. I've made a few kids cry but that was from telling them they had to get into the pool
children are the weirdest
#Talesfromcamp
that's where tubes and I can discuss wha tthe fuck children do
Rod emperor
Charlemagne
literally just be patient. that's all the advice we can give you
ah so the firlz method, Druz
it's been less than 2 months. Possibly even less than a month?
you've got time
man san raul is so fucking good.
I keep trying to get Yum to read it but he's too busy playing vidya game.
I kind of thought of a concept for a campaign when I'm done with Norwalk way off into the distance. I have to refine it a lot though
I finally finished my term paper but now i'm just sitting around waiting for din to cook
Maybe I'll work on my charahubs idk
there's no one home
I cannot scream at a person
I can't scream at my baby boye
chill bro
What would an electron know about that?
I keep trying to think of another electron joke but god damnit I'm a biologist
man. I'm using my random word generator to try to make another fake band name and I got "Hump Boar" rip
ixi oh my god
I think I just need to make a list of all the fake bands I've made for Norwalk.
because I keep forgetting them and then I make new ones
thank you ixi. tha'ts beautiful
I was gonna run anti but then my paper turned out to be harder than I thought.
druuuzzzz
and before you say it
no you will not be able to live this down druz
your headstone will say "Druza: He returned to the seven hells"
I kind of have a queue but it's a "these are people I am okay with running if one of my players died"
night nicko
Hey nicking
*nicko
Depends if he has to work again? Idk I'll ask him when he finally decides to get out of bed
He's taken the puppy and barricaded himself in blankets.
I barely escaped.
Game starting in #WDNorwalk
your theories are always wrong, jygg
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 46)
 Me
aww you're so kind, spelt.
Normally you tell me that I'm a shitter
getting super drunk and hitting on people. If you're using me as the benchmark
I don't have the emotional breakdown though
I knew a lot of girls who did though
I once consoled a girl whose guts i hated
because we were both drunk and drunk Saff is very nice
CG is a furry confirmed
i'm still bummed that y'all gave up on genning for the doctor trigger that I rolled for Liverpool. I liked that one a lot. I still like Rosalie and the trigger she had. but the disgrace doctor was something I wanted to play
The doctor character wouldn't have punched a child
look at Daisy
rip
idk cg. I'm really liking the backstory I wrote for when I eventually get into san raul. And I know i've been saying that a lot but I really do like that app
Oh cool
He says he'll know his schedule tomorrow, lys
!search weeblin
Oh blushy is dead
I'm ready cg
ayyyy
):<
Millicent will kick your ass
I wanted a very prissy name
bless
it's a commercial oystering vessel.
norwalk is an oystering town but I don't know much about the trade tbh
yes, mega
She's met Jack, Index, Roland, Lexi...
I think that's it
not yet
don't need an ID if you're just gonna steal shit
that's in good old dutch people land tho
oh
i killed mega
but i like mega
You missed E V E R Y T H I N G
It's ok cg.
Technically I'm not in yet either. Cg just wanted to run a cauldron sesh haha
And I made my character this pst week.
no, thal. your mom just has a bad case of the bitch
because apparently your parents are the faceless and he has proof
they're Forecast
Yeah. They mainly operated out of town so they're mostly mentioned in passing
yep. Family of cauldron
hi cg
yeah i just stole the eugene app
i think millie's dad would be pissed if he didn't go home iwth a daughter
I'm gonna take Cornet, Technician, and Grant.
Like I came up with the concept by. Like I knew I wanted a tinker, and I wanted a character who was a bit of a stronghold fangirl. And I was like "okay but why would this sixteen year old girl be getting a vial?"
And that spiraled into "Hey let's give her cancer."
mishie tuzi wants millie to stay in a wheelchair
it's not really her legs that are the problem. It's the spinal tumor
https://charahub.com/character/1079127/Millicent-Moon/public/
yeah true
monkeys are weird
I was gonna take balance but balance is for chumps right
her father would be VERY upset if she mutated. Hopefully RNG-sus is with me
he's like ghetto g-sus but different
!search tribal
I'll rub my figure of Nico
it's fine
I didn't want Mask
i would have been so sad if she mutated
I want to know my poweerrr
Wasn't that a cape? Gristledinger?
I liked it but it was also risky.
yeah that one is weird
"Dad don't come in my room i'm cutting open my spine"
Please dear god don't let me get finem mane
can i roll
$roll 1d4 let's go
$power perk
$power perk
I have to wait for someone to die to really get in
unless hush's death is the one that gets me in
guess I gotta hope one of you other fucks dies.
firlz doesn't fucking count he's not a real character
not yet
And lol non I'd do that but A) Anti would beat me in a fight. I'd have to be sneaky by like. Poisoning his food. B) His fiancee could beat me in a fight.
and the poisoning thing doesn't work twice
but
unfortunately spelt already died so I can't use that to take his spot
Ssssssssssssssssssssssshoal
that's only if you want to be connected all the time
Hush you, Mr. "I'm gonna shove him in the crucible"
I had a lot of fun! Man. I really enjoyed that
Good morning
How everyone
plsw
come ON spelt
you have an opportunity to make a dick joke
grab it by the balls
!search strongarm
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill. (at line 560)
man i need somebitch to die in san raul this tinker table is bitching
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/h1AqP8Mn/Synapse%20Sans%20Jacket.png I drew her without the jacket
The jacket goes over it, jack
so it has to be
because the reference image I used had heels
they were real actual heels and I turned them into wedges to try to keep them sensible
it's basically a "I am crap at drawing"
(and they look cool)
At least I didn't forget what I look like
hey doll
anti you around?
when do you want to do your sess?
ace.
):<
did slither die?
oh
rip
i'm sorry tubes
(I don't actually read sicol so I don't know much)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8MlRGvri-c
lol
just give me one sec I need to hop in the shower
anti i'm ready
she did what his mother has been trying to do for years
no I had get groceries for dinner
"You're not useful to me if you're stupid."
he never got that cheeseburger
where di you get the chicken and waffles
Was it used? I know I rolled this for Audrey and pink Vetoed it
but Idk if it was actually genned for anything
does anyone know?
it wasn't because of a lack of consensus.
it was because Pink wanted me to be a teenager
I also rolled your berlin trigger I believe
oh boo
what specifically, anti?
I do it similar to you, anti
trump
you should see anti cook. It's amazing
nigh splat
jesus fuck is it the week of wd deaths?
teller is a murderer
brain matter wtf
gross
Hey
Not you jack
Not you
D:
hey tell
when is the cleveland finish line gauntlet starting?
oh hell yeah
no
go home
no WD for you
I don't want to see that
technically I based that on an actual restaurant called "Johnny Utah's" but Colorado didn't have the same ring
what i'm saying is that yes nick you own that
ur a rib
sure
you must be 18 to ride the bull
sure
you can't report nick
I don't really like ribs either
are you gonna report us BOTH
oh
yeah
bbq brisket for one
yep
we get it firlz, you want to blow anti
when have I made people roll for butt stuff
when have I made people roll for butt stuff
pit bulp is a misogynist
spelt my san raul tinker can take her eyes out.
Should I color code the hook ups?
anti i'll brb getting a popsicle
teller is going to murder you like he did the others
nick dies in one session
I had a dream where I legit got into sicol and I died in my first session to a fucking annihilation beam.
is this for making fun of you about the eyes?
i love the hoagie hut
Morning friends
hey nick. we still on for tomorrow?
ace
okie doke
not the whoole weekend
Human government? Is that right?
It's been so long since I took AP tests
Don't make fun of spelt for not getting hugs.
I took AP bio, European history, English lit, and uh. Stats I think
R I p
Hi dive cock.
He's going to kill us all
I have the nicest place out of all of y'all
Sell drugs.
When did I ever say that bomb collar has a kill order
Your ex is tho
ugh i'm so excited for indy
no that was the others
pls no kill me tell
D:
what about the window?
to the window
to the wall
to the sweat drop down my...
weaver... dice.
l o l
I guess now I can release this?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M5Bv_arseL0Lr67MCE4XOiSRqddNyP7snOf22-lXBqc/edit?usp=sharing
this is what anti and I have been working on for fuck ever
it's my compelling character arcs
nah it's because anti knows me IRL and I could literally show up at his house and bust his fucking door in and let the cats out
my advice. Get good?
that one is available to read too
Mish this started getting written after anti told me I was in indy
I got into indy because I'm irl friends with anti and he likes how I write characters. That's really all there is to it
And yeah that sucks for people who don't get in. I get it. But the GM has the right to hand pick people they want
I deserve a Pulitzer.
puck's session made me so sad
he had such a cool power
most people do, lurks.
I think spelt is the only one who complains.
but idk like I've always gotten invested in characters. I've been writing since I was a kid. I did a lot of stuff with my best friend growing up. We'd write something. and then make an au of our own universe. And then build on stuff. And just. Idk I don't know how to /not/ be extra
I prefer playing villains. but I do have characters who are fundamentally good.
Play a gay hero then, Lurks
:)
I had a very specific vision for my san raul character, for example. though I'm head over heels obsessed with her right now. I've written shit and drawn stuff.
some similarities. They might all be kind of sad sacks but they have different motivations
also I went with pink for Synapse https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/UpOiAyNp/Back%20Pink.png
i like bodysuits. they're the classic superhero thing
also tubes that's the same one as last time just in different colors
no. Still synapse
I just switched from green to pink
thanks spelt
this is the green one https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/aZcdeIls/millie%20back.png
like i'm so torn. Pink is /her/ favorite color so it makes sense that she'd pick it. But the green does have the circuitry feeling.
I did mockups in both
ye spelt
I didn't draw wink
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/OWZmLIsl/IMG_4767.JPG
that's queen's indy costume
her tiara isi made of pills
well. gold shaped like pills
the thing is. I was rolling so hot that night
I was like "Oh I won't make this" and then I rolled a fucking six and she had gunfighting on top of that at the time
:)
(:
tremor deserved to die
Quickfix probably needed a punch in the face
Freezerburn was good though
no we already had Knightmare he's dead
mendez wakes up and suddenly she's got a stack of papers on her desk detailing reports of all the chucklefucks in cleveland murdering people. "oh six more people are dead this morning? extensive property damage? Must be tuesday." (at line 256)
well i mean y'all only brought him up to say shitty things about him so
i know. But his feelings are hurt
he's not free this weekend. He's working.
he got called in for Saturday too lysa ):
that was an awesome one. I loved my power for that
one day I'll get an electricity cape
take you out and shoot you
lol spelt
you didn't even get to use the minigun, ya ding dong
NON STOP I ALREADY DECIDED ON GREEN STOP MAKING ME REGRET MY CHOICE
rip
my sec is self surgery not fucking color changing
GOSH FOSS
$roll 1d6 wp anti
still not my spec
i'm cooler
It's not self improvement spec. It has to do specifically with replacing the brain and spinal cord
with some additional applications like a cybernetic eye
but i did the eye thing better than spelt did :-P
Can't scan
yes
no scans for em
though she has a fucked up alternative
lol foss did you ever watch heroes?
complete replacement
no
but she can look at dead parahuman brains
and figure out the applications
she's like sombra and sylar had a love child. and that love child is a 16 year old child prodigy
from overwatch
nah she's just appropriating his position
a brazilian fuck
is that different than a normal fuck, cg?
and l o l foss
ah
evie's burning bright but that means she's likely to get offed
or maybe i'm just patiently hoping someone gets killed
yeah
that's fucked
and she ruined goddamn christmas
god damn evie why are you such a grinch
we get it non you're gonna fuck your shitty husband's best friend
this is my gutter
the only person allowed in here with me is thalia
he does
kill him, girlfriend.
and soon he'll be W A S T E D
Hi
Got what spelt?
I'm
Not familiar with that reference.
I don't play a lot of video games because I'm bad at them
Hey mego
Claw. Yum made me play fallout four and I died in the vault to rad roaches so he turned it off and said I don't need to play anymore
I couldn't figure out how to aim the fun
Fun
Fun
GUN
it's the phone.
I might just run to the store and get some caffeine but that requires leaving bed
Lol foss I'm that flavor of depression that would sleep for three weeks straight if they let me
I'm bad at video games spelt I just said this
And l o l foss
You won't take my title
Ducking fight me
L o l
So weaver dice
Same
Wow teller just spoiled the end for sicol
It is three. I'm still in bed.
I need to get caffeine but I'm literally just rolling around and groaning.
A lot of it is "I don't want to drive" and "my bed is comfy"
Also "moving the puppy is a crime"
Nick you ready
okay. just ping me when u are
ace
goodbye.
I almost accidentally typed "Rotten fucking fuck"
oops
Monzanelli's sounds like a place that makes a damn good pizza, anti
do they do pizza too?
nick you're just a giant lesbian.
Cool and unusual, you mean
humane and death don't really go hand in hand
l o l
I'd say AQ is nice.
okay
also i'm glad nick picked up on the "Oh all these middle aged men are here because they banged my mom"
leah gets tipped big by AQ
okay nick that's fine
AQ just has a crush on the sandwich girl
yeah she doesn't know that Leah is the girl whose blog posts she keeps calling "Lame and Gay"
good luck, shitters
's coo, Nick.
okay coo
but doesn't it? Since there are three slots taken now? So three people are out of the running?
Four slots.
You roll and you get A A B C
so now A, B, and C are out of the running
so it's a matter of rerolling one of the As with three less people
this isn't WD anyway
but you still have to remove B and C too
u don it nick
okay nick you wanna get this done
I believe so
thanks faust
anti whose costume is she working on now
sorry I had to pause yum is begging for attention
I use the random word generator.
That's my favorite.
Oh dear
Reminds me of sister vicar.
Harsh terror and
Harsh blood is the child of blood sista and harsh tempo
I do like doctor bastard though.
Same
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 46)
mornin cam
hey mego
mega did you ever post in the schedule doc?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vZXFcYHro0TMsDODA16GEBiQuVk_cv3FEzYUmDOKhRQ/edit?usp=sharing
a schedule doc, rid
that's how I keep track of when I run sessions
i'm a pain in the ass that can't handle spontaneity when i've got shit to do
's how I get through my plots the way I do
yes gun haha
I basically say "I'm available on these dates. For this arc I need these people."
and then I let them pick what date they want
I fucking hate doodle.
brings back days of being in the sorority
Yeah. Founded the chapter on campus. And then I quit because everyone was a cunt
because I was eighteen years old
and lol meg we did decide as a chapter that we would be open to trans girls. So not a requirement for joining.
nah. A sophomore
My birthday is in November
Yeahp
that's basically what happened
"You'll be remembered for years to come"
the new girls still have to memorize my name which is cool
AMEN TO THAT TUBES
we were denied our charter at least three times while I was still in
At least two of those times were my fault.
by nationals
First time was because I reported girls for targeted bullying.
Alpha Omega Epsilon, Tubes. Science and Engineering
Second time was because I refused to go the conflict management seminar because I wasn't the problem.
yeah engineers are weird.
I say as a good chunk of my friends are engineers
I'm bio
maybe.
but the girls in the sorority were the cunty ones.
I wasn't the leader lol. I was the treasurer my first year. Second year I was recruitment chair. but yeah they were bitchy to each other too
maybe we should move this though
#talesfromsrat
also thal what time do you want to start
ok
usually you figure it out after the first time to not bleed everywhere.
ouch. throwing shade on the viola
hey nick and cg
firlz. the door is over there
use it
no, firlz broke the joke
what did one lawyer say to the other lawyer?
close. "We are both lawyers"
foss go home
there's a cover of Sail that's "FAIL"
where are you in cleveland?
<3
she's coming back for Indy.
She's my favorite little garbage child
San Raul is so good
please read it
yes
it's so good.
cg you've seen how short I am. You're not being lifted very far
a lot but most of them are dead, wick
CG has killed so many
I'm terrified for my poor sweet millie. Especially if Anti's character doesn't bite it.
running around going "I'm gonna save the offshoots" means you've got the elite painting a target on your back
You're horribly mutated and it's not fair. Gotta fix you.
GONNA SAVE SAN RAUL JUST LIKE BUCKLER DID.
tru claw
She's not running into the slums.
She's gonna go try to meet up with Artisan
!search weird android
wait a fucking second are dragon and armsmaster having weird android sex. (at line 51)
thalia said that Index should burst in
but he wouldn't be wearing the love glove while a tthe party. He's with a girl who has a crush on him maybe
TO be fair, well. One of these girls is a murderer and the other has horrific PTSD
and dashy is there to spoil links
i can't believe Evie disrespected mouse protector
i'm a good GM guys
this is like the time I fucking left a kid in time out
fuck u spelt
I'm not
not really?
Mal and Gwyn did the awkward makeout and then they rolled
yes
's what I did for Pit Bulp too
though he rolled strongarm for the meme factor
Nick do you want to finish your thing
$roll 1d6+1 Street smarts 4 anti
She likes scaring people
she was almost kicked out of the Wards, but instead was put on like. Super probation for a while. Because her psych evals were troubling.
the workshop rules are my favorite
:)
hell yeah cg
don't worry so much about picking "Good" skills so much as skills that make sense
Mishie
do you want to finish your shit mish
though anti might expedite the rewrite since I need it for san raul.
what do you need help with?
i think you'
re confusing Cwn and queen, firlz
this is why reading comprehension is an important skill
yes
hello my name is elder thalia~
oh are we saying nice things about anti?
anti is a good
though one time he made miso soup and forgot the miso
$roll 1d6 Soc anti fuuuuuuu
Nailed it
:)
yeah?
Nah. Why?
Interesting. Nah. I didn't base her on anyone. I was just kind of like. This is a girl that travels around with two adults she probably wants attention from people her own age
and has this kind of ideal as to what she's *Supposed* to do
yeah. though now she's really upset considering you attacked her
what's an earth bet reality show
i don't know what the fuck is going on
rogues are hard to GM.
I love Damian as a character but jesus it's hard to think of something to do for him
Damian especially is just like. Cape pharmaceutical rep
I love how we can't have interesting discussions in here because it just devolves into someone fighting experienced GMs.
PRT capes are hard too
but rogues are hard and can also get dead
panth is in like fucking panth land
(Singapore, right? am I right?)
damn
because he saw u face
yeah because he signed off
i can see
It's short for Safranin gosh darnit
but safranin is a biological stain it's coooool
no
i'm pretty sure it's cytotoxic
now he can't leave
0/10 no children punched LAME
I love the WD bike meme
!search dark hops
Also y'all Indy folks. Just say no to the crystal kings
NO TEETH
NO. TEETH.
Guess I have stuff to read when I get back from this
Just don't judge queen too much for her prelude y'all
NO TEETH
I'm so fuckin upset
No
The crystal kings
They don't have teeth
Queen takes very good care of her appearance.
Nice makeup. Always brushes her teeth and takes care of her hair.
Yes
I'm running tomorrow in #WDNorwalk
Second party session
Evie just makes people cry
THERE WAS ONE BUT EVIE AND LILY FUCKING DESTROYED IT
I really liked my cauldron session
I ALMOST took the brute over the thinker. But I was like "Knowing my luck she's going to end up horribly mutated if she takes this"
I mean. I had a very clear character concept which is why I went with cauldron. So I would have been upset if she mutated and didnt' have the motivation that she did
huh. That's an interesting thought, considering I have Cwn who has a natural mutation.
go to bed foss.
foss go home
Kian isn't going to the party tubes
I asked nick if he wanted to
but he said no
fuk u soma
I'm still salty you died like a bitch to radiation poisoning before I could kill you with a bomb. ):<
yes, faust.
sorry mom
hello
i had a two day gen with the new style
three different triggers rolled
anti omg
hi dol
you.
dude I punched a one eyed kid it's fine
$roll 1d6 Charm
Nailed it anti
lol "hookups"
that's assuming they don't just fucking shove jack in a closet and leave him there
XD
l o l
$roll 1d6
i'd be a great mod.
Oh man that's a good flaw!!!!
):
rip me
I DID IT FIRST
Rip daisy chain
Like wil e coytoe.
Coyote. Jesus
She rolled the kid flaw though so she didn't have the emotional maturity to get herself out of the situation she got herself into though.
And like. There was a way for me to get out of it but it wouldn't have made sense in character
So I didn't take it
It was a bummer but I'm a purist. Which is why when mega sends Cwn Annwn on missions he deliberately doesn't tell me stuff
Synapse is gonna be cool.
Daisy got doubled down family problems then
But synapse is cauldron so she's mostly well adjusted.
She's just kind of a naive fan girl who also rips open her spine on the reg.
True. What teenager is well adjusted.
Hehe
Did you take a look at the new stuff, cg?
Really the only maladjusted thing with synapse is that her power puts her at odds with her mom.
Self aug tinker, spelt
With brute regen.
Someone else can probably explain it better.
And haha good cg I'm glad you liked it.
I'll be home in like half an hour I'll pm you spelt.
typicall you don't gen unless you have players
they have to sit down and shut up or we throw out the idea
what did uncle pit bulp teach you?
calm /your/ tits
ah you read that, rid.
hehe
she's not having a fun time
I need anti to roll to see if she caught an STD though ): Poor dear
oh
is there a fucking table?
madlibs, STD?
tru
two more arcs. wow.
hey tell
are you ok
Hello
FUk u spelto
Ooh
Faustus|GM you ready?
heya tell
jesus soma you can't just rebuild your wife
turc can I punch jimmy too?
Mmhmm
Jimothy
Your wife broken? Make a new one! ~SOMA, probably
wait that's index's
I thought we had claimed it ah
i blame you, spelt.
oh man this is fucked up soma.
did you literally just name yourself penis McPenis?
Johnson is definitely slang for a penis. Jimmy is a rarer one but i've heard it used.
I'm confused as to what's going on
You're on the truck and then you're not?
Why not just back into the mailbox with the truck
The most illegal thing I've ever done is drink underage.
i just don't understand why they decided to hit the mailbox while in the truck
it wasn't a hit and run. I barely hit the other car and then panicked. There was nothing wrong with it. My car had all the damage.
Yes
but from a truck, teller?
aren't you like. super high above the mail box at that point?
the wheels on the truck go round and round.
and this, my friends, is what we call a "Thirsty Firlz"
but jesus faust. When Valentine put the skin shit on Rachel. That was fucked up in all the right ways. You definitely captured the fucked-upedness of it
oh man
:/
Hey ant what's the schedule for this arc of cleveland?
quickdraw ):
Same, dags.
Same.
no one tell gwyn
nah. he won't trigger until someone smashes all of his scotch
you stepforded your wife, soma
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/IiofJ0_5Sb4/hqdefault.jpg
that's all shit I do just in backstory
i've got nearly 6000 words of shit written for my san raul character.
i fall asleep for two hours and firlz already can't fucking tell which one I am.
I am shocked and offended
i'm glad you like my schedule idea though ant
BEL WHAT THE FACKKK
oh dear what am I getting from Dags?
oh dear
well. damn. I'm a little sad.
everyone's nuking themselves in Cleveland
that's anti's plan all along
"I CAN'T KEEP RUNNING THIS SHIT IF YOU'RE DEAD"
i can't believe you did that though that awas insane
wow tubes do you hate the lesbians?
Hey druz
I'm up at the butt ass of dawn
Oh god dags ):
); ); );
We ducked.
Sahara Mendez: works too much
Might be made entirely of coffee and spiders.
Must consider this further.
true
I should be okay? Wink already knew I was planning to betray him?
I don't know what dirt bel could have had on me that wasn't already public knowledge
Unless he somehow got dirt on the terry thing
we'll make it through maybe.
oh shit yeah
you're the deadest
goodbye, enemie
like I'm wondering if you should just like. Call it, mega. have the whole town nuked
dags is dead
so fucking dead
That is a classic anti death scene
hey cg reign in your brother he killed the capo
oh i never did incident reports for arc 3 fuck
rip
also guys the verdict is in
AQ has gonorrhea ):
Don't fuck the crystal kings.
Hi dol
What about spec
u
maybe burn notice is trying to scrounge for power. MUA HA HA HA HA
:-P
it wasn't burn notice
I was just being cheeky
):
it's for sex, turc
no
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
ah cleveland
Man. I talked with anti for quite a bit today. There's some good shit coming up y'all. Get ready
In cleveland and Indy
San Raul is so so so so good
and it's the only game where someone can say they got a spot because cookies.
in a way I got into cleveland and indy because chocolate chip cookies because literally the first time I hung out with anti I was like "hey here are some cookies I guess"
and we became friends after that
fight me non
PUT EM UP
I would have helped you knock of loup
who are you
I leave for an afternoon.
oh cool non
No like
$Used
we've got bots for all that shit
What do you need, turc
Oh oh um.
yeah dullahan was better than my idea
damnit non
not everyone's a perv, jygg
non you beautiful bastard
rip
contesting brawn rules if I'm correct?
though I'm the shittiest GM mechanics wise so maybe don't listen to me
exit, pursued by a bear
oh cool verdict
ooh is verdict getting in trouuubbllleee
Hey
I think so
Tubes, my man. You need to find some players who won't leave you. You deserve better.
Yeah lol
Foss. Rip Dallas is an old WD meme
Ayyy
Dive cock
Hey meg
Normally you experiment with your wife not on your wife.
that's cool foss. it's a really great format and helps people out.
though i need to re-schedule nick
anti have you set up that doc?
o7
http://www.marcelacuevas.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Italian-Gesture-275x300.jpg Wellwick
they just go around like that
ah bow. Always charming us with your presence.
if it's anything like my family. It's loud. And there's a lot of wine.
I didn't have a waifu
but i'm dead so
daisy was 11
mmm spines
sorry if i'm taking a hot second, faust. I'm trying to do my nails while running
onions have layers
ugh I'm sorry i've been so spotty with norwalk lately
the thing that i'm scared of is. I killed new haven because of a mental breakdown. I don't want to kill norwalk because I can't get my shit together
thanks spelt
Did you know. There is no ducking gun emoji.
Yeah
So I don't get a gun emoji to represent my gang
That's BULLSHIT.
The troubleshooters are T
spelt go home
i thought that said trees for a moment
god damn trees
how work
idk lurks i'm burning out right now but that's not from running it's just from being a failure at life lol
really it's just because I'm bored as shit and want to do cool shit with people I like i guess
l o l
how many characters have destitute right now? Cassie/Interstice have it. SOMA has it in local. Vanderhuge do you have it in Local too?
damn
so the moral of the story is
don't be married in WD
apparently AQ spends $500 a month on drugs
holy shit
fucking poor ass motherfuckers
AQ just wipes her ass with money
but she got an STD so ):
she's so sad about it ):
and the elite is making her go to HIGH SCHOOL
how old is interstice?
oh she's only a year older than Immy
and yeah bel. She's still not happy about it.
apparently they do a pill and a shot.
I did a lot of weird googling for WD stuff this weekend y'all.
):
I know claw i'm sorry
the hair
nigh spspslslflfslslelplet
oh wow that's a long one
dog left you
Rip
They're so cute though
rip cayo
nah
just
sitting
what type foss?
Kind of sounds a little bit like Perimeter from Cleveland, foss?
hadley also has a bubble type power
i'll tell you your ideas suck ass
still a valid concern, nick. I was thinking the same thing
yeah I'm pretty sure soemone rolled this
Because I called it boneitis 2.0
was it genned, rid?
that was boneitis 1.0
Boneitis prime.
yeah
like. If it's a shaker trigger don't try to shove it into a different box because of nothing
look you fucking rose nonagon
speaks quicksand
are y'all still arguing about the same power?
That's usually fine
Hi bow
Y'all are a mess
Like I keep seeing people drop gens
Barely asking if anyone wants to do them
And then leaving
And they take forever
It feels like WD is being held hostage.
can someone send me the sheet so I can actually see what these powers are?
wow these are garbo.
It's not but i'm so fucking frustrated with shit powers being shat out after 3/4 hour + long powergens
and everyone walks away feeling shitty
I'm just speaking from experience. My liverpool gen went a lot like this and I spent half the day just nearly in tears because it was so fucking stressful to watch everyone argue
Sorry, teller.
it's your go btw ant
Lumina vs. Joyeuse throwdown
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
thal's trying to recruit me
uh oh
pfft turn when do you want me to punch someone else?
spelt apparently doesn't have internet right now?
you might just have to forego wink
if you try to interview me, spelt. I'll punch you.
I swear on me mum
Rosalie isn't very smart spelt.
She punched a 12 year old.
because he creeped her out
I dumped int for her
or know rather
because I looked at her trigger and went "This person cannot be intelligent in the slightest"
creepy in the sense that she was like "Nope this is horror movie shit."
nah she probably wouldn't punch him
but damnit if she won't say something really stupid.
maybe my best friend wouldn't have triggered if he didn't stab me.
HE STABBED MEEEE
nice
thal is already trying to kidnap me and make me her slave. :-P
thal wants to put me in a maid outfit.
oh i'm sorry. A tier 3 maid outfit.
ur pretty
not u bel
!search tainted
no one wants your tainted peen, Bel. (at line 326)
he has
ascended
Tubes I think you're cursed
have you tried an exorcism
or a spiritual cleanse?
rip tubes
rip
I really think you need to consider the exorcism, tubes
We need a young priest, and an old priest.
rip tubes
you're just cursed tubes
I know what's in the jaaaarrrr
I didn't do anything.
Anti told me what was in it.
When we were sitting in the creek talking WD shit
I offered mine
You don't know where that came from.
It could ah e aids
Have
Dol's heart would be in ashes.
Oh hey I went to splice and elf
*meld
They did my tummy job after SHADES BLEW ME UP WITH A GRENADE
Is wink dead yet
Maybe it's sentinel's heart.
It's not mine. I'll tell you that.
Probably not
But it works better if you know the person, right?
good shit good shit in cleveland
megsssss i just got home
I'm gonna see how long I can hold out running you for
yeah, meg. If you're up for it?
Hey nicko
yeah
we know
i'm sorry nick
fight her
I throw a lot of shit at the wall
Am I laffy saffy?
what
i'd piss on mortal lock.
firlz go home
i can't wait until my mission on monday
TINKER HELL
can I rend him though megs?
okay
meg can I rend his crotch????
Caitiff doesn't need a donger right????
i'll just fucking take off his legs
mega has shown before that taking off people's legs is fine.
Tremor is okay ish
lol firlz. they would immediately get her out
like if there's any hint of a possibility of her seeing Wink Valiant would be like "LOL NOPE."
Last time Mortal Lock was in charge I defected. :)
Is florida the new pacific northwest?
where there's just a bunch of games clustered there?
It's like. Everyone's in Washington/Oregon or they're in Florida.
And then I'm out here with my Connecticut game.
Anti has the midwest on lockdown
Van
if I run another game after Norwalk I'd probably make up a town in the south. Either alabama or georgia.
nope ding
you need to sacrifice at least three virgin to cashy for a good roll.
More if you want consistent good rolls like Non.
Non just has a trail of blood behind him while he goes "There's no such thing as luck"
pit bulp and Roland could bond over shitty ex wives
not right now, valence.
I can't believe you caused tinker hell, Soma.
like.
man
this is probably worse than when you nuked a quarter of belfast.
I remember that, Soma. Because we were like "Wow that's a lot of mana wonder what happened. Eh we're gonna sit here and drink wine."
And lol thal
I will assist you in destroying the city
with my crystal fists
tubes just runs on beer
I want to know how it all enddssss
(and I hope Gwyn lives)
I want to rend him first though thal.
Like through the face.
please.
Ooh that'd be nice thal.
I'll brand his face with a dong
rat boi you're no fun
vale like you've asked like six times today already. I think everyone's kind of burnt out.
it really didn't bother me vale. It's just that I think the chat is burnt out from yesterday
No
no
Anti does what he wants
eh I'll end up wrecking it anyway
Y'all
like
I didn't ask to levacy queen
like anti told me I had to pick Vortex or Queen. But Queen would be in the setting either as my PC or an NPC either way
so I picked Queen
I didn't grovel at anti's feet to get her in.
and firlz. Queen is my actual favorite character
I've put in RP hours and I've put in hours writing stuff outside of campaign for her
like if I let her get NPC'd that would literally all be for nothing.
yes, vale. She's 19 now. She's such a good.
So yeah.
And part of the reason Anti asked me to legacy her was because I /have/ put in all those extra hours to develop her.
Anti how many words have I written between Queen and Caffeine Crash? do you know off the top of your head?
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1M5Bv_arseL0Lr67MCE4XOiSRqddNyP7snOf22-lXBqc
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1_1V7lIrv5S3UiQ82m79Dmnt0G7kcBPvAQChlwknpgFI
Like.
I go above and beyond when it comes to this character
damn the permissions on queen got screwed again
one mo
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_1V7lIrv5S3UiQ82m79Dmnt0G7kcBPvAQChlwknpgFI/edit?usp=sharing
I don't fuck around
I've already started writing stuff for my san raul character. Gwyn has some stuff too but I kind of fizzled out on hers
sorry tell was I not supposed to throw him?
it's a pretty common one, firlz.
what
why ami being voted off
oh
can i vote off foss?
wow i lost my fire sauce for a second
no i got taco bel
I voted you off the island, foss.
sorry.
the tribe has spoken
night nicko
y'all I don't know how to play poker
my grandma tried to teach me when I was a kid
but I didn't learn.
How do I not know how to play poker, thal?
well playing poker requires fucking friends
Grandma is a lovely woman. She'd slip me dollar bills from her pot when she was winning
not that kind of pot
grandma is a lovely italian woman.
oh
I uh
y'all are beautiful bastards you know that. I'm getting a lot of advice on fuckin poker
this poker game is gonna be a shit show
dol and thal are trying to teach me and I'm like
gahhhhhh
I think yum played a lot of poker in high school too
damn
why couldn't the fucking villains play go fish
My ap stats teacher taught us how to count cards as part of our class
Don't remember, thal. That was so long ago
I just remember that we had to bring in a bag of candy
and the candy was our bank
I would like to add mine. but i do not have edit access
tru
I do not, tubes
There are probably a whole ton of cards in my house.
yum used to collect decks
Yum played poker!
fuck you bath boy
ouch.
tubes she's talking about AQ
Queen got gonorrhea from the meth orgy ):
):
it is not the herp. Anti had me roll. The options were mostly just the ones you can cure with some medication
Thanks for playin, faust
Hey losers
Dol you're not a loser
he fell off a fucking building spelt
that kills people
Okay it doesn't kill AQ
please don't hurt rat boi
he's never hurt anyone
lol yeah
Spelt will be next.
Us in the protectorate should be okay
we have better chances than others though
Dodger could get fucked.
Dodger's fealty is to Dodger.
wink is the next to go. That's where my money goes
the only reason I'm safe is because I'm fight kryptonite.
they throw me onto the field and everyone is like "Fuck guess we're going home."
why do you think that meg?
true
I am going to tinker hell.
oh man that's tomorrow
dags had dirt on fucking everyone
he's a rogue or a merc or something I think nick
eh fuck ripcord
(I only say that because ripcord was yum's power back in the day)
I'm with Valiant and... who again?
I'm really hoping cwn lives though
she gets interesting closure if she does
no
yeah
everyone's kind of pissed and burnt out on new gen I think
yeah vale
it's really just everyone discusses and then folds into one power
game starting in #WDNorwalk for anyone who wants to watch.
wait holy shit did y'all finish that gen already
OH MY GOD
god is real
what is it?
gimme a sec turn
oh
i just
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1FdJwVPIYLRsyB6SSgf11jKtTwQj87vhuxRRjfKIxKQc
tehre
now I feel useful
AQ is an alexandria package. Fistress... I'm trying to think if there are any others
The problem is that Alexandria packages can be kind of boring.
like if you take the triumvirate. And ask people which power they would want
everyone's picking legend or Eidolon.
I like faust's.
I'm a sucker for crystal capes though
yeah
my killcount is surprisingly low
AQ has done the most. Most of it was not done in session.
I shot jetstream in the heart, yes. But she didn't /die/
she's killed. Goliath. Erupcion. A few 53s, and some nobodies in session.
Out of session she's got a bunch under her belt. the time tinker Lapse is the big one.
Man i can't wait for a new generation of WDers to see AQ. I love her so much. My trash child.
Yeah lysa.
Anti and I did an interlude with what AQ did in between indy and cleveland
Shades had a cauldron favor to take out this crazy ass time tinker.
and AQ fucking destroyed her
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1M5Bv_arseL0Lr67MCE4XOiSRqddNyP7snOf22-lXBqc
Read and find out.
If you don't want to go through the whole thing, it's the one with like "Sorry peanut it'll be different this time"
(But you should read the whole thing because anti and I busted our asses on it)
also anti made all the chapter titles.
which is why they're all ridiculous. XD
Teleportation with some chronomancy thrown in
NO
and you're right, Lysa. If I remember right, she triggered because her kid died of leukemia.
what's wrong lys?
I'm glad you had fun dol
Ugh my computer is freaking out.
because
dolyn died
dolyn is a keystone species you see.
when the dolyn dies
the others that depend on her die as well
to be fair. he was a dumb idiot.
nah. I get anti to do mine for me
because I'm literally a shite gm
anti and tell are saints
Like I don't know what half of us would do without them
tru faust
and?
Anti is pretty awesome.
yeah but you're an exceptional person tell
anti omg
anti I would say is more. He's. Man I don't know if I could compare him to a cannon cape
he's just
*canon
yeah lys. Anti has run quite a bit of Elite. So has CG.
Can I be the spleen then? You can live without it but it's probably better to have it?
yeah I don't think that would tank them as much as some other bad orgs
like I'd say exposing someone as being with E88 is probably worse than exposing them as being with the elite.
i'll punch everyone
i'll punch you back to the seven hells
i think div still as finals
I'm not sure, thal
Maybe. You were on the complete wrong side of town for vortex though
your choices were really just The Numbered and Country club, thal
anti usually does it once a month or so, jygg
good
scare everyone
only the strong shall remain
tru
I uh. I once uh. I lifted a box?
I can't lick my elbow but I can run a campaign.
i'm really liking how the party sessions are going
Index's is gonna be really good
Damian's is gonna be a lot of "DENYS STOP TRYING TO HIT ON FILTHY LESBIANS"
I'm just glad I got to lock Jack in a closet.
Damian will be praying for your souls.
and nah mishie
anti bullies himself.
wait six people and one GM?
Ouch
I don't understand what you mean, wiz
Hey
Hey well
That was an accident
Someone fuckled the count
I mean I just woke up so that's coo
what's the trigger? Now I'm interested
I still want someone to roll my shark trigger. ):
no proth
it involves the method of feeding sharks at an aquarium and then falling in covered in chum. :)
for my Norwalk players.
http://anti0ch.tumblr.com/post/160956606312/gaymilesedgeworth-theepicyus-blink-189
This is the fucking place.
Where Dust
Faught Fire Bear.
it's stew leonard's
it's a NORWALK TREASURE
my nonno built the fucking wishing well
take that back
TAKE THAT BACK
non put your shirt back on
oh
look man
hk assholes
Yum tried to type on my keyboard without looking
with one hand
i've got some characters that never got played
one sec
when I did a pickup oneshot I had it be a museum heist
all these people were hired to steal some valuable shit
it was fun enough. Except these motherfuckers were the stupidest pieces of shit. One climbed on top of a dinosaur skeleton to monologue.
and then he got punched so hard he died.
yep
going to tinker hell
):<
dolyn is good
mmm let me link you a thing cyn. I can't remember if there are any brutes on it
aye aye
D:
man i've been writing queen so much lately that Gwyn's voice isn't very strong right now.
no
:-P
I TRIED
anti i feel bad that you're running two of the most nervous members of department 48 at the same time.
Rat boi is king
:)
(:
squire rat
!madlibs buildarat
I fucked that
I am not the lord of cinder unfortunately.
I do claws and smoke
her themesong is probably fucking. Lady Xanax by Duran Duran. She's a wreck
):
pls no be mean to daisy
she tried her hardest
yeah
bitch I have a crown you better listen.
nick you're a beautiful bastard
foss i'm not sure what you're trying to say
but yeah. "Please don't let me die" isn't a request so much as a demand
Daisy had a way to get out of her situation but it was out of character. So I didn't /do/ it.
why, nick?
aw freddy is such a smol
it's gonna look like a production of the nutcracker up in here
hey man i'll play Tchaikovsky
Don't diss my man Pyotr Ilyich
just start blasting music from the citadel
oh come on tubes. Just fucking play hardcore gangsta rap.
tru
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
LUMINA VS JOYEUSE. SMACKDOWN
Sneed
why the fuck is this so funny
sneed
my squad would kill you dead, spelt
man though
tubes you're onto something with the spaying
because gwyn is the type who would put holes in the condoms, get pregnant, and then be like
NOW YOU CAN NEVER L E A V E ME
scream them into the void, firlz
at this point it's pretty much just "hey can you give me more room on the bed?"
now how do I get out of tinker hell by showing my tits?
they are not, maz
but i've stopped a tinker with them before
the doom boob
they're on the internet.
PRT Pinup calendar. Only $12.99 plus shipping and handling
they're so fucking great
I've said it before. But Rat boy's trigger and power are ones that I would have loved
MOOOODDSS
gwyn's shard is about to like. Just make her rip someone in half
no
BLUE
BALLS
):<
she is not dead
She ate breakfast. Then swiped some trees
gwyn's having a rough time she just wants to kill people y'all.
are you gonna come out of the woods and stab me, non?
eh
i can take him
is she deddo?
tell stop killing people??????
i don't know
maybe if he kills people in sicol
then
he won't kill me in Indy.
):<
DO NOT TOUCH SHADES
tell. you're... you're okay.
i don't know.
you're just. You're a good dudeo
tell stop killing people??????
when did I kill people???
I am a saint
an innocent
my soul is lily white
gwyn only killed one person
AQ has killed more
foss i haven't killed people
then again none of my players have done anything to warrant a kill
they're all playing okay now
jack could get in trouble.
foss go to bed
they're just. not playing in a way that is getting them killed
it's not /smart/ but they're not like
sticking their hands in behemoth's mouth hole you know?
jack might get himself in trouble with the bomb collar stuff
but it's still a toss up whether or not Vortex will even let him do it
yes
from back before anti found wd and had his own system
I mean it was still worm
it just wasn't this system
unless that's not what you mean
but yeah I made her before i even read worm so basically anti walked me through everything
just asking me questions and stuff
like
"Okay so she triggered young. Would her parents know?" "Yes they would know." etc
she has a pretty stupid trigger but the rest of the character is solid
She was at the beach as a kid and got caught in a rip tide and triggered while drowning
and yeah things are pretty consistent
it's a vacuum
suck up the ocean.
it's funny because the shard literally went "oh I can fix this here."
suck up the ocean.
but yeah. she triggered young. Her parents put her in the wards because they were like. Stage parents but cape parents. She hated it. People bullied her. She was already kind of fucked in the head. Just that kid that wasn't all there.
killed a guy on a patrol at like 15 or sixteen.
they put her on probation
when she graduated they were like "I mean I guess you can join the protectorate?" and she was like "Yeah no fuck that."
No druz
Audrey hasn't killed anyone.
Synapse is a straight hero.
I just find villains a bit more interesting
i'm excited for synaspe
san raul
it's so good do it
cg is an awesome gm
gosh cg stop making fun and compelling content
how dare
right
dude maybe i need to go to bed
like i'm not tired but I read that and i was like "oh wow shucks that's upsetting" and then I was like
oh
Wait.
Joke.
I feel like firlz.
thanks bow... i think... i'll try to sleep
good night friendos and foe-os
Hey
I do turn
But I'm not on my computer right now
I'm evil
Yeahhug
*yeah huh
Cg you around?
she's a problem child, meg
she's not actively trying to get into his pants at least
the gay team is awesome
you've got movement, crowd control, and then whatever the fuck lumina is
speaking of horrifying cauldron powers, man. I'm excited for Synapse to debut.
yummy
thank god I already don't have a secret identity
ur an ugly word
palms sweaty
knees weak
phil's spaghetti
aw mega you care
but nah I don't think there was more that could have been done.
Gwyn was very much "I don't want these powers" When she got them
she didn't want to be a cape.
she just wanted to go back to school.
maybe. she was incredibly stubborn though
I think a lot of it was less the PRT's fault and more her being her
maybe, yeah. A lot of her problem was that she thought she was too monstrous for the protectorate once she dropped out.
yes
index spends a lot of time in the bathroom
people are gonna start to think he has a bowel issue
there are a lot of capes at this party
at least three ward
that's almost all the ward
Four not ward?
and mendez isn't even gonna tell gwyn
i don't care what anyone says
scrunchies are cool
man. Anti is a fan of cities burning
I'm wondering if Cleveland will end up the way Belfast did.
Oh I haven't I forgot.
https://drive.google.com/open?id=16e0R-5ggZ4ta4yFcN1VGtEhNkDtkLqGKihjE-NVXqw4 Here turncoat
u go, ant
FINISH HIM
crotch wounding. Should be a thing
who has no teeth
oh okay so it's not a pain train cameo
fucking pain train
:)
do you expect anything less from me, megs?
she's the faceless
i have the highest wordcount
the 10/10 booty is GAY, index.
true
((Are you gonna try for the fuckle?)) (at line 592)
can I grab tuesday then, ant?
who's tomorrow? Dodger? get why you're excited. CG is fun to run
we get it you like BJs firlz
hoooppps
why am i being damned?
and lol please rescue siege she said we were friends
huh. Fascinating?
like I think I have spun a decent story
but I feel a lot of it is just about intrapersonal relationships?
*interpersonal
worm had a lot of stuff about morality
and yes thank you anti! That's what i'm trying. That's what I want. What do these people do when they're not just. Beating each other up in costumes
though this party is making me feel a little degrassi
hm. Wonder when the new season of degrassi starts tbh
but yeah I guess to some people, people in general are fascinating?
You take that back bow
There was a period of stagnation but the netflix stuff is solid
I just like these party sessions because it just adds this layer of... It kind of shows how everyone reacts to stuff?
(and yes bow netflix now distributes it in the US. the last season had some shaky stuff but most of it was solid)
aw shucks faust. Making me blush
i love CG's fight scenes
think that was genned when it was like. Vag and a few other newbies in the room
if I remember correctly
because holy hell
crit bash?
Wow spelt way to make it about you.
:-P
Hey man I have to help clean up this shit.
This is the penultimate arc
Good
:)
MOOOOOODSSSS
):
Don't say that you'll wake up firlz
Hey cg you around? I actually have a question.
Leave it all to me spelt.
All the money
Lys maybe you should say that again.
L o l
It's a good joke lys
Yeah
But it was really nice of him
Yeah he could have killed me mish!
Flashing player one
It wasn't all the hobos.
Just one hobo
And there was no crying
At that point
And she didn't murder a hobo
Just terry.
Nah that would have gotten her hot and bothered.
Yeah
Like. At least three pcs already knew his identity
What color?
Dandelion?
Gwyn doesn't trust him at all
yeah ant
holy shit
that's one I would take
i like it as is?
hm. maybe that's just because I'm shit at powergen. I just like the character ideas this trigger gives me
i feel like we've been getting that complaint a lot lately?
and i don't think it's because of the triggers
idk
yeah
i think the way we gen powers needs to change
but i get really bitchy when talking about it so i'm just not
:-P
you love me thal, bitch and all
;)
2 hours is nothing compared to what's been going on lately.
i had a gen that lasted two days
that's the thing. some people are just better at genning powers
i don't really think that's stringent. but I'm also a horrific bitch with high standards.
it's really not, jygg
I can't think of any instance where arguing is fun
it just makes people upset.
which leads to butthurt
which leads to me wanting to leave the room.
I considered that for next time I need norwalk powers
so many
something something a solitary snail.
but yeah
like the truth of the matter is some people are better than others. That's okay.
I'm a shitty power genner
I can admit that
yeah
it sounds like stifling creativity
and also it sounds like mad libs
yeah
ugh. there are a lot of reasons we're having problems.
I could name like. enough things to take up both hands
we're also having a problem of improper gen etiquette where people just drop in be like "Gen now" and it feels like the chat is being held hostage
i just wonder how many people actually read the rules.
huh. interesting
the Robert's Rules bot.
I move to trigger.
I second the motion
all those in favor?
All opposed
I just. I don't remember being as frustrated with powergen when I first joined the way I do now
I never walked away with the feeling of "Wow this is a bad power" the way that I have lately.
i liked the rainbow knight power too.
but like
yeah
yeah but. at the same time non is /good/ at it.
yeah
the other problem is that. I don't remember what gen it was the other day but there was one where it was like "Real physics apply" or something?
there have been a lot of powers lately that they've been trying to quantify things that aren't quantifiable?
am I making sense or is my sleepy brain just spewing mush?
ugh the reddit plague.
i think we're having a serious problem between powergamers and people who want narrative.
i don't put you in the same category non
because you don't go "How do I get the most busted power"
non makes his powers strong by playing strong?
like
i don't know my words aren't coming together right
but yeah
it's just
maybe we have relied on culture for so long
cody-fy the rules
"Jesus mothercocking ass don't be a jackhole."
what do you mean my eight year old can't have five pips in brawn
oh fuck i actually touched on that in my dev class. Overexpression of myostatin I believe it is?
i think there was only one case of such a mutation in humans though
developmental biology is incredibly interesting
your power gives you a mutation to myostatin
i think i'm gonna go to bed
night
hey
hey mego
hey druz
HELLO EVERYONE.
not much though i think i found my superhero name though.
Captain Executive Dysfunction.
Queer executive dysfunction.
hey dol
agent orange is apparently coo
what about gay brute, faust? why does it always have to be straight?
what's the trigger?
oh
I'm all for a bisexual brute.
wow non way to be biphobic
fuck coldhand
I would have helped you kill him, non.
depends on the type
some are better than others
like feral just. Comes back.
but most is like
heal one wound per round or something
yeah
both of my claw strikers don't have civ ID
lol faust
am i the one person in san raul that's like "Fuck talking to ignatius"?
like dude I want to help the offshoots but like
Hey man
I'm gonna do it without talking to any people from that group
yeah anti because you just want to commit HATE CRIMES
ANTI NO
STOP
evie what made you into a raging racist
delphi is garbage tho
H E L L
thal usually doesn't get out of work until like. Two hours form now
"World's okayest boss"
I also like the idea of getting her the "Number 1 Mom" one
Gwyn tries to make christmas presents for the team. Mendez's is just a card that says "Sorry ):
omg
oh man pink
good luck
nugget nugget nugget
that's bs
i got fucking vicodin
i don't know
but i'll tell you this about fucking Indy.
Fuck. Quaff.
he can't break teeth with his dick anymore tho
audrey hasn't touched that shit with a ten foot pole.
then again audrey just cries
drop everything
cry
maybe.
she needs a spear first
She'd probably be happy if she went boom tbh
does he have a better chance now that he doesn't have a penis?
god though it's a good thing Cody and Audrey haven't met because I'm pretty sure he'd open his mouth and she'd start crying.
interesting. I wondered if there was a possibility that their parents knew each other. or. Cody's parents. Audrey's mom. Since she doesn't have a dad.
if you say german too many times you'll summon vern
no one remembers you, tally.
return to the void
hey teller i have a question.
it's above 420, nick
has hops ever met siege?
okay.
just something that came up when ant and i were talking
because he was like "oh millie could fangirl over siege with hops." and i'm like "Has that mofo even met siege? I MET SIEGE."
what if the real monster
was spelt all along
cry anti
cry like little babby
does that mean you're gonna blow up again?
pink are you... running something after getting four teeth out?
pink you're a hero.
||||
i think it has. How are ya, name bud?
wait is tell giving character advice?
I haven't read sicol but I like the way you craft your PCs, tell.
Npcs are characters too ):
anti likes hearing about azz
Hey
Tired. How you
Hey verno
you made me think of discord detroit
why
why this
!search blackjack
druz they like Shat on the rulebook, smeared it everywhere, then sent a bunch of their goons in here to call us elitists
the blood of seven virgins
that's overkill
and you have to do a full campaign then
i don't make the rules, druz
shh druz firlz is just
firlz
i'm just teasing you
i am a bully. I'll bully everyone. I'll bully myself.
Saff you're short and no one likes you.
mega you're a good person and I enjoy running you.
that is a picture of me irl
i'm a 22 year old girl.
so close enough
i cry at puppies still so
I know.
Mega. You're a cool dude with interesting character concepts.
nick u a lil shit
I'll bully everyone.
Teller. You're a cool dude and I like your RPing enough that I'd let you into Norwalk.
yes thank you for that btw anti
i'm serious tell.
Like I have a list of people in my head that I'd be cool with having. You're on it.
yeah. Neptunia's was a stumper.
I need to do triggers on most of my NPCs.
only a select few have them
Fire Bear does. I think Devil's Grin has one.
Houdinette does.
I like writing triggers. but I have this disconnect in my head between triggers and powers and I can't mesh them
pain train's is good
objectively i like the crystal kings. In character, I do not like the crystal kings.
yeahhh
i remember those days
you join the chat you got a PC
for what who knows
but you got them.
I have one of those in my box
yep
god
yeah
he got involved in grad school stuff I think
I had a baton rouge PC too
burned so bright
spelt go to bed
that's really a bummer.
and it makes me disappointed in this community as a whole.
yeah
it seems like
not feelin it mr krabs
i'll beat up wink it's fine
hm?
wait does the daydrinking thing have something to do with WD that I'm missing?
Starting with a smaller number of NPCs is better than a large number
you can always add more
NPCs are like... Hot peppers
you can always add more but it's not as easy to take them away
okay. maybe it wasn't the best metaphor. but still.
you can't just like. Pick NPCs out of the mis
*mix
mm. yeah.
but that's why if you're not as confident running a smaller city is probably better.
I wouldn't say Norwalk is a small town! it's not super big but it's still a place you can get just fade away in.
though if I run another campaign after norwalk i'd probably just make my own town tbh
Norwalk is easy for me to picture because it's where I lived for 20 years. but I struggled when I tried to run new haven.
but i mean. there's still a lot of norwalk left.
y'all haven't even dealt with the faceless yet.
faust has to find his daughter!
what makes you say that?
i haven't described kate at all, lys.
nah they're in town
jov he's already sold one person to the yangban.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ApAmRoCHNMnjcxbiJkQKP-j7fnrwlGViuNvFfQaIx4/edit?usp=sharing
here's the link directly to the sessions
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X8eTBSsvNtKGSw7cUcEQ6Sk8br-LrSYWC8Hp29vS_PQ/edit?usp=sharing
Kate already has powers tubes
LOL
really if you want in to a campaign either ask Fossil or just wait.
and foss is asleep
why kill me? I'm the one running shit.
oh
lol
yeah no i don't accept anyone.
I have like. Three or four people that I feel jive with my style that aren't already in.
I'm a particular bitch, what can I say?
it's not nepotism or bribery. I just want to craft a very particular narrative.
Bribery is how i got into san raul.
y'all my chocolate chip cookies are amazing
yes
nah tubes you gotta use strength on the truck outside the SS Anne
but yeah. Norwalk is my baby and i'm very happy with how it's turning out
nah but my grandpa got a nintendo switch for my brother using a fucking toys r us hookup so that's close enough right?
I hate children with a burning passion, jov
!search slam dunk
yes foss
any spots in auterville?
well that's your answer, jov
though begging makes people want to rip your skin off and eat you.
Rain of Despair is a beautiful human being
norwalk has a lot of good ones.
Pit bull is good for gang violence. Index is good for the kind of coming of age story. Indulgence is for 'How not to repent for your dirty gayness'. Rain of Despair is hijinks. Jack is social incompetence. Roland is detective novel. Dust is finding his way.
May is "How to get away with murder."
well. "How to get away with murder and also get a hot lesbian girlfriend."
Indulgence doesn't fight at all
he just gets dragged into all these shenanigans
i mean. reading them in order is your best bet
because things intersect so much
that you'd be lost.
norwalk has a mix of light and fun and then just dark moments
the overarching plot involves child murder.
Two PCs have been kidnapped.
One is homeless
yes.
I have the overarching plot
but really it's the players that are moving things along
not everyone is into the faceless mystery. May has a personal investment. Jack is just. Jack about it. It's Roland's job. Marcelle just doesn't want his daughter to be hurt. but most people just have their own drama.
phil is too invested in playing Bizarre caravan on his atari.
watching Blockbuster Now
in bet.
you can watch all six prom dogs movies on it
but not Zee. You have to pirate Zee.
the bet-isms are one of my favorite things about WD
tbh
yes we are counting tokyo bitch.
also shia doesn't exist.
^^
just don't pirate zee or verdict will bust down your window and beat you up.
firlz anti is out of town
you're probably not gonna get anything out of him right now.
(I'm so pumped for indy. Y'all get ready for some good ol Amphetamine Queen.)
she's nineteen now
she's a big girl now.
well. she's still only five feet tall
don't snort drugs, kids. it stunts your growth
oh yeah. she smokes too.
bless her
we've just got some good shit planned for her, me and anti. She's off to a good start. Ish. Just. don't bring up the crystal kings to her
filz you don't know a lot of things.
wits 0
(might be a better convo for #parahumans or #worm )
kinky
they didn't give pink the good shit faust
they were like idk here's some tylenol go
i got fucking vicodin for mine
poor pink
tru
someone put my head on batman's.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BTj9RqvAols/?taken-by=purplepoctopus
there
thank you it is beautiful
my hatred of children is known.
josie's mom
has got it going on
yeah i don't get it either?
yeah
like
i've managed for half the norwalk cast to get stuck talking to Hadley.
The helpful classmate. The girl with the crush. The protective older student. The friend of a friend. The fake cape nerd bitch.
all of that from "Oops I forgot to gen more than one 12th grade student"
who is who what?
oh
Classmate is Kian. Crush is May. Protective is Phil. Friend is Lexi. Fake cape nerd bitch is Jack.
Childhood friend would be Damian.
o7 thanks for running faust
they took self defense classes together
all this happened because I literally only made one 12th grader and then realized shit i have all these 12th graders
pls no
may will kill everyone
i can't handle thalia killing EVERYONE
damian would be like "Well she probably deserved it for being a disgusting sinner"
hm pink?
these two are such huge dorks. They cannot fucking function
yeah. You're right about that.
they read more like. 14/15.
yeah
they're just. awkward nerds who make science
shit i was gonna go to bed
night friendos
hello
yes thal
and hey well
hey dol
hey bow
finally picking up Pact. Enjoying it so far, though I'm only on 1.3
i've always liked magic stuff. So it's feeling right up my alley right now. though I started reading at like 2AM before I went to bed so I had some pretty weird ass dreams
oh. wow tubes.
I SEE HOW IT IS
rip cayo
I mean I can kill them
oh
damn
ech, oxyclean gets blood out amazingly well.
meh
anti did one with the full fucking. Well. Berserker and master were NPC'd.
but everyone else was played
me and SOMA were in it. Yum too
I fucking won.
nah it was on... Rollz I think?
it was online
but not IRC
no but it was hard to coordinate all these people.
it was fun as shit though.
yum and I fucking backstabbed everyone.
and then he got killed by assassin. I dropped a bomb on assassin. Then made a pact with the old master of rider, Soma just died like a bitch
no it was hard as shit
it only worked once out of the three grail wars anti ran
the other two died
but yeah I pinned my master to a tree with arrows before he remembered that he had to command seal me into killing myself.
and then the motherfucker froze his arms, ripped them off
and walked to the grail with no arms
and wished Yum back into existence.
shit got real, vern.
yum ALMOST killed him too it was so fucking funny
he was a lightning mage
and the dude offered him a handshake and he thought about just dumping all his mana to turboelecrocute him.
jov when it comes to me there is usually maiming
i have a character who got pissed off and threw one of her men into a rend hole.
i've shot a protectorate cape in the chest
snapped a man in half.
stabbed someone. 37 times. In the chest.
Read cleveland.
proth didn't you also like. burn yourself to death with lava?
I did flashbang myself once though and that wasn't fun
):
rip daisy
but yeah. I've done some... interesting things in WD.
I flashed a camera to get someone to stop shooting me
i tried to do that.
i also punched a 12 year old.
Nah in Liverpool
speaking of Liverpool, turncoat when we doing that again?
but yeah job
*jov
I've done a lot of stupid shit.
all of it was in character though
oh I also have a character who ripped a tumor out of her own spine
man y'all synapse is gonna be great.
She's a self aug tinker, echo
with biokinesis
no. Josie is for a non wd thing
This character is named Millie
cauldron
i'm trying to find the power it's just my drive is being a pain
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/Z3LQIG5z/
Tinker/Thinker/Brute
it is fun, Jack.
ah you're just gonna show them the whole table? Hahaha
really it's a super cool power. I'm really happy with the character too.
though she's gonna get kicked in the ass for saying "Yes Ma'am" to fucking contessa.
oh
l o l
but yeah. I'm really excited for the character. I've done a bit to establish her personality and stuff and I really really like her.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a2XfxGciNjGIb0tTYQW6cXDQaZ6CTAHazzyvNJik9EI/edit?usp=sharing
look y'all i'm just a nerd who loves my stupid rpg character
*characters
plural
Amphetamine Queen has gotten the most character dump stuff out of all of them
I like alliterative names.
I always give a reasoning for my character names in-setting though.
hey dive cock
it's going good
half my players are drunk.
it's great.
but tbh I don't see anything particularly horrible about Millie Moon.
when I name characters I usually like. Dig through baby name sites until I find one that I like.
then I go to Behind the name's generator and start generating last names until I find one that I like
the other night I sent yum a page with a bunch of names and he just went "We're not getting a baby, saff."
i really only like randgenning because it helps me move through a lot of names very quickly.
i write down the ones I like and then put first and last together
I probably shouldn't be allowed to name real people though.
my fucking dog is named after an anime character and a rapper.
faust that was my drunk father.
i'm so glad I dodged that bullet.
so yeah. I kind of go a little silly with my character names. Imogen Marshall, Gwyn Pryce. Ava Eberhardt. I can't remember what Daisy's real name was. Millicent Moon.
XD
That's her cape name though, shade.
The cwn annwn are the hounds of the wild hunt in welsh myth.
no. Her name is Gwyn Pryce.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%C5%B5n_Annwn
Rosalie Hettie Walker.
I've seen a few. it's a more old fashioned name.
scytha Solena snow.
:-P
Jimmy Neutrawn?
I mean Gwyn's parents needed to buy a fucking vowel.
Gwyn Pryce.
what did lysa do?
O.O pink wtf
Pink are you okay?
PINK.
Thanks mom
As for pho threads. I make a decent amount of posts on mine
Usually playing off other people's posts.
I'll do the stuff for the NPCs.
Like fire bear and nat often play off of pit bull.
Fire bear plays off skeleton king.
I've got dear dragonfly and the mod characters.
What do you mean rules for the mods? They're characters.
Foss you were born yesterday. :-P
Biscuit taaaaannn
Wait is that the guy who's like. Pedophiles and psychic vampires?
O.O
I don't watch that shit but my roommate was playing it
And I was like
What
Dear god
(Though this isn't WD)
I guess.
Man. I need to plan the second half of party sessions for Norwalk
Shit's gonna happen.
I just don't know how much shit.
Yeah
Next on degrassi
Someone put a fish in the toilet at my high school
Like a dead full trout.
This is also the high school that the Norwalk pcs go to
So I could in theory
Have index find a dead fish
I almost did in fact. But then I was like. Yeah no that's fucked up
Dead jov
Like they went to the grocery store
Got a fish.
And just.
Put it in there.
why the fuck is everyone from fucking the pacific northeast
y'all i'm starting to think it's a conspiracy
Northwest
not east
i sweat
Swear
non i just assumed you lived in a hole.
there are a lot of texans too. O.O
i'm from CT but I live in alabama
i am a godless yankee
r i p
eris would say she was going to run
she'd gen everything
get people to make her NPCs
and then just
"No i'm not doing it anymore."
I was going to make a distasteful joke but you're like 17 so
XD
why do you just want to get rid of most of your mouth?
Oh
pink why
i'm just waiting for my first real san raul session right now. so excited. I hope y'all like synapse as much as I do.
(Dol is joking foss. I'm playing a hero)
the fuck is a heore
but nah she idolized stronghold. She's very much a play by the rules type. If playing by the rules means ripping out parts of your nervous system because they're weak and made of squishy human parts
i don't need your permission faust. what are you? King of the offshoots or something?
pfffftt faust
and foss i was making a joke.
thanks mish
I liked this trigger a lot
and everyone gave up on this one.
>.>
i'm ducking out.
I don't see anything wrong with the trigger.
^
you don't really need a consensus you just need one good power
Tubes, I really like it. I was supposed to get it for Liverpool and I was really upset when they had me reroll.
so it's not you.
it's just for some reason everyone is stuck on semantics.
and if I was better at powergen i'd give it a crack
That's what I said, faust.
I definitely see tinker from this.
i like mishie's idea
you probably won't get in one for a while though.
that's just the general rule of thumb
like. find a corner here you like. don't be a dick. someone will pick you up eventually
don't take this corner though. This one's mine.
i was about to say that you were allowed in my corner thal
but okay
lol neither am I and I run a proliferative campaign
really don't feel bad about asking for help
there was one session I ran where I was pming mishie, who was the player, how to fucking do combat
what have you read in cleveland specifically, jov?
AQ is my favorite character ever
I've written so much supplemental stuff for her.
hehehe
She is a total brat. She's entitled and snotty and she tries too hard
I'm really excited for her indianapolis stuff because she's evolved a lot. You can see in a lot of ways where she has grown up but also where she's stagnated.
I could talk forever about my garbage child
yeah tubes. shades broke her out pretty quickly
AQ is not a fan of her parents
Redshift, foss
shades wasn't his capename
that's just what Immy called him because she's a little shit
Keep reading, jov
but yeah. her parents were those kind of rich people who get married and then have a kid because that's what they're supposed to do. But they passed her off onto nannies and were never around
so she started doing drugs to try to get them to notice her
and they didn
didn't
until she got a DUI and almost sullied their image
yes! Exactly!
Now that she doesn't have that rebellion she's just. Stuck. She can't get off the shit and the dust devils are fostering the environment where she can just indulge.
And she doesn't see anything wrong with that. Until what happens in the beginning of Cleveland.
and from there it's just this spiral of trying to better herself but also struggling and screwing up at every turn
I also just have a narrative of queen's Cleveland story from start to finish that's written
because my players are so awesome, faust
like
wow
((Are you gonna try for the fuckle?)) (at line 592)
because she was, foss
houdinette was otaku mode, not meme team
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TSInBdVxWJSCx7xSTyphfp510CkMEQ28-mEHQvr8NGQ Jovial
logs of what, foss?
foss?
are you looking for new haven logs?
i'll get them for you in a hot sec, foss
but there's only two
and they suck
also jovial when you finish queen's stuff in Cleveland. https://drive.google.com/open?id=1M5Bv_arseL0Lr67MCE4XOiSRqddNyP7snOf22-lXBqc That continues it.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S8h9IRIlNkGMItjJkXFzPrG3r4LbyUBtwugVc6dcmFE/edit?usp=sharing
what's really good, jov?
Queen has this uncanny ability to live because Shades decided "I don't know why but I guess I should keep her from dying."
pffftt. I say the same thing, Jov.
My second Cleveland character is cool and I love her too. But AQ is my favorite.
Hey. Hey.
):
that's because Gwyn is too crazy for anyone to fuck. They're scared she'll poke holes in the condoms
Even Coldhand was like "Naah"
you don't even know, Jov.
Gwyn is really not someone you should ever do that with.
AQ's worst thing is just that she gives toothy bjs.
She got a mutation, jov
natural trigger mutation
So that killed her civ ID
people treated her differently. She was already a loner with a personality disorder but that broke her. She dropped out of college
became homeless
and then joined blackjack when she ran out of money
So she's a super mess. It's a combination of already being fucked up, society fucking her up, and her shard fucking her up.
He called him Kusubaka.
and I laughed my ass off.
spelt was soooo mad. he was like "it was a typo!" and I was like ANTI NO LEAVE IT IN
yeah. Gwyn's mutation led to a lot of who her character is.
because it makes it impossible to have a civ ID
I've had two capes that lost their Civ IDs. one was because of a mutation, the other because someone outed her as revenge.
So i kind of consider myself the resident expert on capes with no secret identities
my grandma just bitches that I don't know italian when she didn't teach me nor my mother.
So yeah. I have a few characters who are either children of immigrants or immigrants themselves. But I don't use the real language because I only know English and Latin.
pffft. an ancient rome setting would make me laugh.
yeah the motor city PCs are all white girls with like. a few chinese sprinkled in
Detroit is a fun time though.
Verdict is a gem.
Synapse is half korean. Koto was japanese.
now koto is just dead.
Saff is the basic white girl, says tubes the frat boy
most of my characters are gay as hell.
i'm bi, tubes.
yum knows.
he does know
oh no you caught the white girl, pink
Hops is so good.
Yeah.
but isn't bow jsut three lesbians in a trenchcoat?
idk i don't remember the full story jov
we still on for monday, CG?
like idk when I make characters i usually have one trait in my head
and then then i kind of build around that?
like for Audrey it was fucking pigtails and freckles
and everything else came after that
CG is a good
agree with what? Pigtails?
I made Audrey chinese though because non suggested a cape name that was chinese and I was like "Wow that'd add an interesting bit to the trigger event."
Index is awesome
brb faust i'm going to taco bell
foss go home
same
i mean
i'm not watching miami
but the same is to the
grew 25 feet tall
i
Hey dol
No I'm not starting a cult. That's yumgar's job foss
I have the charisma of a broken potato
IRC cloud is great
how u bel?
go hom spelt.
I missed the gf part of your statement, bel. and I was like why did you go to the airport and then go home?
spelt being patient zero isn't something to brag about
pink anti is an engineer not a biologist he can infect whomever he wants (at line 324)
yeah but i'm the biologist, spelt.
that's how you get grey goo
none from me I don't think
lots of good stuff from anti
if you ever need a cheerleader
i can't do pom poms
but i can try
it's like 800k spelt
last time I checked
almost 900k wow
and dol i think he's doing pact like. two sessions a month while indy runs
i dislike u
ooohhhhh snaaappppp
what can I say? I'm a shitter.
but hm. I'm getting mishie's party session done tomorrow I think. I still have to make up nick at some point. And then the second half of party stuff can happen
that sounds ominous
yours doesn't interfere with the party, no nick
but I ditched on you like an asshole
and everyone else besides mishie has had a session
actually speaking of that anti i need you for a mo
PM'd you
nick's character doesn't get to sit at the big boy's table
non is good at clowning people
san raul also has some good fights
are you new?
oh
rip
here lies toaneo. a
same
hey tell
no games active atm
no
hey turncoat when's the next time you wanted to do liverpool?
cool turc. I should be free tomorrow if you want? most times this week are okay too
p dead today
no
i um. nothing much, dol? why?
i'm reading pact and i'm supposed to go to dinner with yum's family later this evening
but until then i'm just kind of dicking around
they're pretty bad though
though if my MIL knew that i was reading up on demons she'd probably faint and die
yum wasn't allowed to read harry potter growing up like it was that bad
pfft. If i get in, ant. I could do that.
motherfuckin southerners
so about them weaver dice?
anti apparently jovial is a fan of AQ
cleveland.
hey vern bullied me into running a game
lol neither am I jov
if you read my logs
i've had dice rolls soooo few times
ayyy
cg beat me to it ):
rude
shhh foss take a nap
shitfister.
WAIT ANTI I FORGOT SOMETHING
for your pact dice.
Little Italy has to be on the map
san raul is v goo
That's mostly because I'm an overachiever teller
I started writing it and anti chimed in.
I really just wanted the transition from 16 year old queen to 19 year old queen to seem more natural
I didn't want her to be stagnant. I wanted to show that she grew and matured.
I don't know. I'm just word vomiting again
I've written over 100k for AQ
Yes
But yeah. So that's what I did. And so the Cleve AQ sessions read differently than the Indy AQ sessions. It's still the same character. But you can see where she's matured and where she's stagnated.
Tubes she has all of her teeth
She would cry if anything happened to her face
He is
I'm still there
The misc document jov
Foss and I share the worst GM trophy
Mostly I just take it from him and beat him over the head with it while he cries
I did
I'm taken.
I'm actually not wearing my ring right now otherwise I'd post a sassy ring shot.
He's right here foss. I'm not wearing my ring because we're at the pool
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/AG8KPGbs/1495931478.JPG
Faust is a tyt.
just keep going
you get better
even if you feel like you suck grit your teeth and keep going
if you cry. Keep going.
I cried a lot when norwalk first started
oh cool anti
i mean it's fucking doctor mother with a blender and she's not asking if you want some strawberries to cover the taste of dead space whale.
hm ix?
"You want some kale in your cauldron vial? How about this homeopathic bee pollen for 5k extra?"
i don't know why this concept tickles me somuch
but like
fucking cauldron smoothie shop
tasty
proth
wrong spelt
vortex was irl
aq is all irc
no
gwyn did
denver that nanti did irl jov
now shes a norwalk npc
i'm doing my nails i can't explain much rn
wink is scary?
foss no
oh it's a newbie
look at that
hi i'm saff.
well non zinc is in a lot of the products you use
for example the US penny is mostly zinc with a thin copper coating...
i'm like degrassi. I go there.
ixi go to bed
same
oh
oh i thought you were trying to
oh
thanks non
that makes me feel better
it's a highlight of my day when you call me mean names.
i thought we had something special, non
he said yum looks like his cousin
not me
yum does not have any cousins though
so he is not
so i'm supposed to run mishie tomorrow
damian running around this party telling utopian he can't keep hitting on gays
oh hell yeah! I'll ahve to watch. what's megs' power?
utopian hit on a pair of fucking lesbians.
I'm already in non
i'm on monday
fortunate for me at least
and at some point evie will probably make millie cry
D:
oh no not a fucking boneitis trigger
just think. would you want to play a character who is full body paralyzed?
we had one where they almost got a fucking tinker who couldn't tink.
I've got a great cape name for them!
Dead.
yes
thalia got a trigger
where the triggeree
had that disease where all your soft tissue turns to bone
and they genned it as basically "You can't die but you can only really float and ram your bone body into people."
boneitis.
zinc you couldn't even talk
oh dear
i think i'm gonna need to headbutt things
yeah but you can't write a compelling character arc like that
break a leg son
yeah anti was the only one that made an okay boneitis power. I don't reemmber the locked in one?
ah that non. I thought you were talking about the trigger that thal initially rolled for Norwalk and we vetoed
boneitis was liverpool
pillow angel thal rolled for norwalk
and I was like hell no
and thal was like hell no
so we rolled may's dog smother trigger
it would have been a doggo some day
Jovial. Read norwalk. I think you'd like it.
and i'm not just saying that because i'm the GM
hello
oh shit malfire
oh good
hey mega
oh fuck san raul right? Logs????
i overslept again D:
thanks megs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_mpaF5-SlU
oh no rip tubes
well yeah megs. He walks into the store to get beer and then turns around and they've just run off
tbh though i'd laugh if you got into indy and biscuit_Tan'd it up
i'd be entertained
i was a fucking emo at 14
tru lurks
oh no spelt fucking read logs
:-P
thanks meg
same
ew proth
i almost took that name for a character, foss.
what's wrong with Dixie?
it's obnoxiously southern
i didn't know winn dixie was a real grocery store until I got to college
because we don't have them up north
so I assumed it was just. made for the book
who second trigger?
I mean. He can roll for it, sure.
Kissing his best friend and the friend running away
!search dark hops
thal and I are birds of a feather
yeah she was busy with school I think, Lurks
I saw her the other day though?
$seen soren
Weej
(I'm so fucking pumped)
i killed tuzi
oh fuck apparently there's mac and cheese in my kitchen
brb
i was gonna make damian roll to drive to the party properly but the driving skill is dead.
what if he disobeys traffic laws, Pink?
ba dum tissss
that would make damian cry
rolls a one. Blows a stop sign. Has to stop to pray to jesus for forgiveness
jesus can't drive, spelt
that's my worst nightmare, pink
i'm deathly afraid of going in water with a car
eat them
in vitro?
something something test tube baby
next norwalk session will be the 50th.
holy hell
Nick probs
same
Hey dol
Ugh my computer is being a buttttt
i think i fixed it
hey ding dong
what anti
what about chicken nuggets changing past the mason dixon?
I have not experienced this phenomenon.
please don't get stabbed
oh my god
thal you can't just ask how big someone's ass is
tubes look. We kind of like you. Don't get drugs shoved up your ass
they wrap it in plastic first, lurks
No cartel worth their salt is just gonna put crack rocks blind up someone's bunghole.
but this isn't WD related
O.O
yeah he's trying to put drugs up your butt, tubes.
:) that's my goal, pink
Ugh have to restart my computer. Brb cg anti
back
oh hey bow
tuzi, div
but yes I am official san raul now
u don it
pffftt vern
oh good my deep frier trigger got in
can't wait to see who's Mr. McNugget.
trigger where you're working at a fast food joint and you slip and dunk your arm in the deep fryer.
(:
well you're cracking me up
reflex, shade
She's so excited. She promised the nice lady at cauldron that she would protect the city
"Will you do anything we ask of you?" "Yes ma'am."
it hurt so much to type that out, you know? Like CG was dangling it in front of me and I'm like NO THIS IS BAD IDEA MILLIE but you know.
She thinks this is the greatest thing ever
oh?
nice
Lipo fat I think
they're both bad though
oh god
i'm gonna go like. Puke now then. thanks.
i have a very delicate stomach, spelt.
i can handle fried fingers
but feces and fat. Nahhhh
okay
oh the 37 times in the dick one made it
edited
But it is the 37 times in the dick
thanks nicko
what
nah it's just. Vern was making fun of me for stabbing iblis 37 times. And I said 37 times IN THE DICK. and then i wrote the trigger.
because it was funny
fuck movies
Technically I did roll it. but y'all refused to gen it for me ):
tally got it though
Oh we're pushing non down the stairs? I'll help!!!!
nick you just. die a lot.
you have to run the gauntlet. Every current Gm gets to punch you three times
if you survive to the end (The end is Teller with a baseball bat) then you can GM.
give me one sec rid
https://charahub.com/character/1079127/Millicent-Moon/public/
Iridium248
haha. If she was an anime girl then artisan would fucking answer her.
artisan looks at her. "Nah too 3D sorry."
oh you're reading it, jov??!!!
Where are you??
hahahahaha i'm glad i'm deceptive enough that you believed me.
Nah i'm actually a pretty good GM in terms of spinning a story. I just hate bothering getting tied up in mechanics.
I order rolls so infrequently.
lol foss when we gen for norwalk I specifically say "Don't make anything mechanically complex"
because I don't give a shit
and that is correct
since I wrote it out on the doc and hand picked everyone I put in
Hand pick players? yeah it's great.
Bow doesn't need to beat you with a baseball bat all he has to do is tell you you're a disappointment.
lol same nick
oh man fuck this robot
If millie wasn
wasn't such a goody two shoes
she would have just punched the thing out of frustration.
i don't give a shit about rolls. Roll social? Fuck that give me some good dialogue and i'll see how they respond from that
my players all know how to handle characterization
so I don't have to worry about them cheating the system
which is why I said teller would be the final boss
he's the killer
Teller is a very nice guy. He's a good dude. But he'll kill you fucking dead.
Like just. Baseball bat to your genitals. Bam you're dead.
oh no
night nick
sleep tight
relaxed after a gwyn sess, ant?
I come off of those feeling like mental crap haha
The fleet one was good.
the one with the sirocco fight though left me soooo drained
I was just like
gah
Imogen stuff does energize me tho
it's still your go ant
no spelt
badtouch shoots hands
she groped me. ):
and pulled my hair
and tried to strangle me
not without her willing consent
plus. she has a crush
not on bad touch
She's fuckin thirteen?
god damn i'm being ass kicked by a 13 year old??
she's not going to die you ding dong
you absolute walnut.
gosh spelt
Pffft. Daisy's alternate name could have been stranger danger
considering that's what killed her
HE WAS FUCKING NAPPING WASN'T HE
FUck you ARTISAN I'M GONNA JOIN THE WARDS NOW YOU ASSHOLE.
(i'm not.)
i don't know, foss. But why are you asking me?
i'm glad you acknowledge me.
THAL I TOLD YOU THAT IN CONFIDENCE
oh no
spelt i have cleveland tomorrow too
no
and foss shut the fuck up worship me.
spelt i swear to jesus if you try to hello friend me i'm gonna rend you until valiant has to yank me off your ribboned corpse
"Yeah totally hahahahaha" *Jumps on wink and starts ripping him to shreds*
I thought presentation fit her backstory better than charm
since she was more "hey guys look at my science fair project" rather then "Hey guys look at my boobles."
i'm talking about millie, spelt
not gwyn
i think he might have
okay so i'm assuming that cg is asleep so i'm gonna go to sleep good night friends
((Cg i'm assuming you fell asleep. We can pick this up tomorrow if you're free.))
Hey
Hey meg
Cg fell asleep haha meg
Yep
Hey bel
How u
Same.
So yeah I made it to artisan and he's making an omelette after I woke him up with alarms and then cg fell asleep.
I had to stay up anyway though because new fire emblem heroes banner dropped at 2AM
And I didn't get any of the new units. -_-
Gonna rebuild stronghold
Or at least that's what Millie wants.
She kind of was like "it's your choice but like i will sit here until you say yes so"
I did the break in a lot easier than anti and non did though
Mainly because they were like GAH CLAWS and I was like. Hey what if I jack the controls DIRECTLY INTO MY BRAIN.
She didn't watch him in the shower
She watched his butt while he put clothes on
Rude
look I need materials my parents took away everything because mom thinks it's gross that I popped out my eye ball
Pfft pink. At least I didn't take them both out at the same time
I teased spelt already.
It was the bedroom, claw
But it was just one eye. And she also has the ability to know where things in her body are without seeing so even if she took both out as long as they were near her she'd be able to get them back in
No need to call the girl that made you trigger
"Hey my lady Contessa come put my seeing orbs back into my skull thnx"
But yeah no it's just the left eye that she replaced.
It doesn't look natural. So she has to wear an eye patch in civ id for he moment.
I kind of just assumed it would glow kind of.
Because of the electronics.
But if anyone asks "hey Millie why do you have an eyepatch" she can just look sad and go "cancer."
She can only replace things related to her brain and spinal cord. And eyes. That's about it
No pumping up the bobbles using things she nicked from the house.
Pfffttt
I'd have to make her zodiac cancer in order to justify that.
But she's an October baby.
I'm not punching an offshoot who do you think I am? Anti?
The birthdate is relevant to the timeline
Or at least the timeline of her events
She started getting sick about a week after she turned sixteen and everything times from there
Nope. No mutations.
Just had to rip a tumor from her spinal cord
She's turning herself into a freak of nature it's fine
What?
I don't have fish eyes it's cybernetic. ):
Hey anti are you on your way?
No no no. foss. It's HAIL Satan. Duh. Worship me right.
Ok ant
Beep booo
You
Rip
I have it set to ping me when people talk about AQ lol.
I'm a vain bitch.
Foss is a cancer on this community. Burn the witch.
Every day.
Hi dol.
No
Have you read logs?
Ah coo
I haven't read sicol tbh
Everyone dies
Cleveland is good
Even if you don't get all the bits it's fine
I GM even though I'm not great with rolls. Don't be afraid to ask questions.
Aw thanks ant
One sec Dan I'll link you
https://goo.gl/g4X9MH
Those are my logs
I don't give a shit about the dice if you give me compelling material
All my players are awesome.
Yeah
Start with a city you know or one you made up
Oh wow
Still in class
Out of class
That was for cg
Coo. I'm on my phone rn but I'm okay if you are?
I don't know how you do it. I hate having to type on my phone
What are these rolls for?
Ah
Bake cookies.
That's the secret
I, however, am not easily bribed.
Nuh uh, dol
How many people have I let into my campaign?
Yum had to sleep with me to get in.
That's different dol
I'd get it but again. Phone.
(Also for those who didn't get that comment. Yumgar is my fiancé. He sleeps with me anyway.)
But yeah.
Come watch me try to convince one of the most hated people in town be my friend.
Lol well. I don't want people thinking the goods are available. I'm a taken woman.
I didn't even dump soc this time and I can't pass a roll
"I don't have to ressssssssspect you."
:)
(:
goodbye, enemie.
same
pffft. Interview rosalie.
"Yeah m8 i punched a kid what of it?"
also turncoat I MISSED AN OPPORTUNITY
I could have called myself AmeFIST
i'm p sure that's right spelt but I think he's at the doc right now so dunno if he'll answer
he told me around 3
but like no more than three words
so she could do "Clean kitchen floor"
pffft true. I think I might change to it. Because it's fucking hilarious.
discount killhand.
spelt it looks like you get to live. Today.
true
spelt
get into the god tummy
when did anti say that, spelt?
it's only 20 minutes past three
spelt it looks like you get to live. Today.'
that's because I sacrificed you to the dice gods to try to get a good roll
Foss. Go sit in the time out corner
lololololol
Yes
you can set your client to ping other things
hey megs
It did! I'm very pleased.
Artisan won't team with me. But i have free access to the stronghold base and I'm allowed to still talk with him.
Which means I can break him.
aw thanks well. :)
https://pastebin.com/wP5meF4U mega
stubborn as hell. She gets it from her mom
Jov holy shit are you okay?????
she's sixteen, pink
and yes claw you are correct
it's fine ant.
that's fine with me, Ant
Okay, ant. I'd like that!!
yeah firlz because I'm awesome :-P
pffft. I'm glad i'm the one that's the NPC tester
I love me some NPCs
tubes you're so frat
skip leg day, you lil bitch
wow ant are you telling tubes to end his campaign?
looks like after BJ went under wink had to turn to other means to get money
jove it's nice nice to call lysa a homophone. She's been very welcoming to people of all orientations.
(that's it from me i couldn't resist i'm sorry how about that dice)
good job, tubes
kinky
*Verdict voice* that's what she gets for being a dirty gay masturbater though, right?
fuck cue ball.
she tried to give me warm gogurt and stopped me from jumping off a building. What a bitch
night nicko
stay here
make friends
make people like you.
read some logs, stealth
i'm gonna be a vain bitch and plug my game
https://goo.gl/g4X9MH
really. don't feel bad if you feel like you don't know what you're doing. I've Gm'd nearly 50 sessions and half the time i'm like "I don't know probably roll stealth idgaf"
those are my favorite.
yeah they are
the first wave of them called us elitists
he took both his eyes out to replace them and then couldn't put the new ones back in
no game no life.
ehhhhh sometimes mish
his dong was replaced by a foam sprayer
when you do roll I do usually have a DC
but i try to avoid rolls
yeah oh man. the failed soc roll is so annoying
man though those social rolls were nervewracking
I was so nervous that she was going to just leave empty handed and be forced to join the wards
Millie would have totally said that, non.
"Hey i'm submitting a tech proposal." "This says you want to cut out parts of your brain." "Yeah." "Yeah, no."
literally who wants to die to behemoth for min wage
it's min wage until you turn 18
that's fucked
villainy pays better
hey faust!
it's good for some people
it was not an applicable option for Synapse
because A) She's worried they won't let her do what she needs to do to get stronger B) Her mother does not like her power and her mother was the one pushing her to join the wards. Therefore she's worried that the wards would not like her power as well. C) She's just a stubborn 16 year old with an idealistic approach to heroism
literally fucking up your civ life is a great way to fuck everything up
I have two WD characters who lost their Civ IDs
And they both get real shit on
Gwyn can't leave the protectorate base without the threat of being killed by wink.
Katz got attacked on her way home from work.
civ half definitely affects the cape half.
just the nature of Synapse's power divides her home life because her dad is rooting for her and her mother is horrified. causes tensions at home. Tensions spread to her.
proth go home
it's not that hard of a question...
faust is the alpha dad
yeah. if one of the two isn't feelin it it's gonna stink
Damian doesn't use his power often either
you stabbed them in the feelings, mish
night cg
night friends
What questions what's up morning
Oh no spelt
What were you planning, iri?
Friday is better for me anti and spelt.
because lab tomorrow -_-
ugh
oh
was iri gonna go for the booty?
man. Looking back. Millie played real dirty. She used the cancer card. The "i was friends with your dead sister" card. Man.
She's stubborn as hell. Gets it from her mom. She was prepared to stay there until he either gave her a good answer or he kicked her out
and even then she'd just go back and beg again
what
i got it one sec rid
https://pastebin.com/wP5meF4U iri
hey dan!
how u
Sssssssssssshut up, sssssssssssssspelt. :-P
pfffttt
you found him
You know. There's a point in every rat boi's life where he has to become a rat man.
Man compared to this my session went a lot smoother
Gotta play the cards, meg
Cancer. Dead sister.
Mega what the fuck is wrong with you
pffff
Wait is there another newbie
Lol dolc everyone gets so excited and then
!search meaty weasel
Applied.
cg why does cashy hate you
index gets shitty rolls too
but that hasn't gotten him into real trouble yet though
just "Hey this dude is trying to kick you in the ballsack
clam down splet
I like the hospital one.
oh but that'll be when i'm in CT. shame.
oh wait
that's june seven
not july six
I can do that
Do we just grab one we want?
oh my god fucking caitiff
this asshole
caitiff is such a motherfucker.
thanks meg
Hey wanna touch my poison dinger
I fucking hate the fake tinker in a tinker suit trick
yeah. Early queen was a lot of me just shouting
pffft. Early queen was very much just. Drugs. She's grown a lot since then. She still likes drugs and uses drugs, but she doesn't prioritize them the way she used to
she doesn't get high on jobs anymore
AQ is my favorite
i'm actually drawng her right now
i'm gonna
i have a lot left to shade
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/FTJYNTJS/Screen%20Shot%202017-05-31%20at%2011.57.52%20PM.png This is what I have so far of the face
I don't draw a whole lot
it's mostly the coloring that I'm good at
She done
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/.../AQ%20hell%20yeah.png
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/LWeKl5gh/AQ%20hell%20yeah.png
it's made of pills
I forgot the skirt part whoops. I'll have to do that in the morning
there's a skirt part that goes on top
they're literally just pills.
gold
pills
i gotta sleep though. Class in the morn
night
Hey
Nm mish.
U?
Heheh cg
i'm running thal tonight meg
fuck quaff.
for anyone interested in joining indianapolis.
Literally fuck quaff.
because i'm getting my ass kicked by a bunch of twelve year olds drinking diet cauldron, spelt.
Both of us?
I'm working a job
but like. This is a case of fighting a t rex sized chicken or 100 chicken sized t-rexes.
I'd take the one fucking hciken
*chicken
i'm getting my ass kicked by a bunch of twelve year olds drinking diet cauldron
thanks anti.
THEY'RE JUST SHITTERS
AND THEY'RE TRYING TO BEAT ME UP AND MAKE FUN OF ME
like twelve year olds do
they're whittling down my self confidence by existing
I can slam dunk a baby probably
I can slam dunk a baby probably
i got quoted twice today
Do you realize how many places people keep the stupid shit I say?
yumgar has a document on his phone. My mother has another.
For a while there was a note on our corkboard at home that had a list of the catchphrases I'd use.
I've been spitting out the gold for years.
but yeah. Fuck quaff.
I hope someone fucking stabs him through the face.
(sorry anti)
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 46)
I uh
Look i can explain.
i've been here for two years it's fine.
(reminder that #blushyplayground is where you go if you want to fucking read them all. if you spam this chat i'll pop up from your pipes and make fun of you while you shower.)
I hope coldgold beats him until he's a paste on the pavement, anti.
he's on tumblr.
game starting in #WDNorwalk
ah the ol tinker switcheroonie
beware, valence. Anti's help comes as a series of bargains.
today i was bribed into doing my homework.
I could lie, but you have my passwords. I did what I could.
i'll take a look at it again when matt's inside
but it's pretty much done
novice?
i get that feeling too. Especially when I get into my stretches where I'm GMing like every day
yes
people are more likely to let you into a game if you GM
Mm. I'm in a lot of games but I don't necessarily get run a lot. I get more than you and more than a lot of people on the server
but when I do GM a lot I have to have some other outlet. Either writing or playing.
I can't believe I'm running a session where "Pop her in the boob" might be an actual strategy
everything.
motherfuck i hate rolls.
yes dol drown the poor girl. She can't get kidnapped if she's dead XD
HER HEAD IS ON THE TOP BIT
I know
i'm just teasing you dol
I know you're not actually drowning the poor girl
though I guess that is one solution
Hello hello
How's everyone
Dol I'll be ready to run you in like five or ten minutes. I have to take the dog out but that requires getting out from under yumgar's arm
dolyn
i am ready
motherfucking arson jones
I am not
holy fuck lag
Game starting in #WDNorwalk
you know how I make gang names half the time, lag?
www.textfixer.com/tools/random-words.php
press this until you find 2 words that go together okay
I mean. Yeah. Anti made the bot do cool things
I'd make a girl gang called the meanies.
Man why didn't I make a girl gang for norwalk?
I love me some girl gangs.
I know. But they probably won't debut for a bit
Indianapolis is gonna be so good
but literally fuck quaff
Quaff isn't the problem. It's what his drinks do
And when fucking morons get ahold of the drinks
Nick I got beat on by a gang of 13 year olds hopped up on quaff
WOW NICK TAKE THAT BACK
THEM'S FIGHTING WORDS
D:
Yeah, thal
protect your giant lesbian
Cassie is what? 6'5"?
She's like. Nearly a foot and a half taller than Imogen.
Tol and Smol.
but you know what Immy has that Cassie doesn't, Nick?
$$$$$$$$
hey she fixed that!!!
Shades kind of loves her in a weird like brother way?
):
but your quality is great, CG.
why not?
it's just confetti. It's not like i'm releasing 10,000 bees into the chat again.
thaliaaaa
CG is awesome, lag.
Like seriously. Dude runs an awesome campaign. he raps. His characters are fucking amazing.
I'm very much in a "Please look at my friends and praise them" mood today. So please look at my friends and praise them.
oh thank
yes continue appeasing the murder rabbit.
man now I want to play all the ZE games again. I still have to finish pact and Fire Emblem echoes though.
Zero escape, Divock
They're puzzle games. Super good series, even though the last one is a letdown
If you have any type of DS emulator, I'd say go play 999
But yeah. Weaver dice
I've had two groin punches at this party
I'm wondering if we need to add "crotch" to the wound chart
Non is usually right.
That's the sad truth of WD
I'd play in that
why build furniture when you have arson jones
i'm just waiting for the day when Marcelle and Nat go to the shelter and come home with like six puppies
And Vortex is like. "Look you can keep them but you have to clean up after them and let me pet them whenever I want."
lurks is our wee bab
we must protect him
never too many GM lurks
THAL NO
Lurks, i suggested the GM gauntlet
line em up. Run them through
final boss is teller with a baseball bat
Maybe, thal.
Meaty weasel
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill. (at line 560)
Yeah. This room is super awesome today
Like wow I'm proud of y'all.
hey dol i gotta run out for a moment. I'll brb
it is a good day in chat
It's near her boob
they were in a hot tub!
high school students aren't the smartest
alaska isn't real, faust.
it's cold. Like probably below zero
yeah spelt
praise me
maybe i'll show wink mercy
she's the only one that got drunk
of the PCs
at the party I mean, faust
and I assume that pit can hold his piss
Rule of threes
huh. Yeah. I don't micromanage
I play it loosey goosey
Brb again dol
I didn't have it I don't think
I'm almost home dol
Lag seems pretty coo
Hey so I have an idea for a thing.
Okay. so. I've made a google form. everyone picks their favorite WD character they have played. Submit it to the form. I make a bracket style tournament kind of thing, and have the chat vote to see who the most popular WD character submitted is. Just as a fun lighthearted thing. If anyone starts getting rude I'll take the whole thing down.
Everyone gets ONE submit. So pick your favorite character.
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe5d6PFzoJy7UL9sLJE2O2AyW9SOfVXKmV3EHGCrxcNSGJD1g/viewform?usp=pp_url&entry.751734560&entry.1355913544&entry.373282925&entry.716199229&entry.33148981
that you've played in WD
present or past.
that's more for people who don't know the character
I'll change it
https://goo.gl/forms/gmdKTS0N5MiqAAWi1
There might be brackets where you haven't read a character
I thought it would just be something fun
I considered doing a "These two characters enter an arena who wins?" type but uh. I don't want to GM it so
smells nice.
teller confirmed cuddle hater
this is why he's the final boss of the GM gauntlet
Tubes just put slither in and be done with it
https://goo.gl/forms/gmdKTS0N5MiqAAWi1
Rat boi beats down on everyone.
No prob, dol! Awesome as always
oh i made the suggestion list
Cleveland and San Raul is where it's at. Norwalk is mine so I can't recommend it without sounding full of myself.
what did I do
his name really is cosmo
my parents were convinced for like three months that he was a greek man
wait for indianapolis to start and then binge those logs
one sec foss
which one do you want
there are two
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TSInBdVxWJSCx7xSTyphfp510CkMEQ28-mEHQvr8NGQ This is her story through Cleveland
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1M5Bv_arseL0Lr67MCE4XOiSRqddNyP7snOf22-lXBqc This is her story after cleveland and before Indy
indianapolis is the campaign anti is starting maybe next month or so
And he's asked me to legacy in Amphetamine Queen
Yeah lag!
I'd probably recommend reading Caffeine Crash before Indy starts, just to see what happened in the three years between
Faust whyyy
shades is good
read san raul san raul is so good
):<
Did you apply for team leader?
PLEASE STOP KILLING MY ALMOST DAD
I hate you all
): pls don't strangle me
Also lag if you read that interlude let me know how you like it. That's like my favorite piece of writing
The main problem I had when y'all were trying to gen it for me is that everyone argued for forever. Nothing got done. And while everyone was arguing I started at least working on a sheet and a background and then I had to scrap all of that because y'all decided that I had to roll a new trigger. And that again took another day.
that's fucked. Powergen shouldn't take two days.
Pink's talking about the first trigger that I rolled that I vetoed.
That's what all of this is coming back to. I didn't like that trigger. I had been talking to thalia about it and she told me to speak up and veto it otherwise i'd be stuck with a character I didn't like. So I took her advice.
But the problem was that even with a trigger that you consider "good" or whatever still took a day to gen, and ended up with a pretty one-note power.
There is something fundamentally flawed with the way we are currently doing gens
Not your power tall
the one I got for liverpool
The crystal punch brute, non.
I heard
that's a step in the right direction
and I agree, faust
It's not horrible. But it's a punch brute.
I was about to say
ugh. anyway. I'm totally burnt out and I need to sleep because I gotta run ant in the morning. Night fam
Hey hey
I still need to read the logs
I'll read it when I actually open my laptop
My legs car
Get in the robot, rat boi.
Roundoff back handspring into someone's dick.
Hey lag
I'm running anti at some point today
Which is cool for me
not... always always. But it's better in the summer when everyone's just here and fucking off
Give me like. Five minute ant
Bel you're a gem
A pearl
anti i'm ready
Hey lag did you read any of that AQ stuff by any chance?
also https://drive.google.com/open?id=1qyI0JnMwqszrLp13-dyWBtJnWr0vN76eeZLrnEJJpBM
Just again. If you haven't submitted a character you want to duke it out with others.
It's just a popularity poll. I'm not bothering to run the fight
but it's a tournament style bracket in the spirit of fire emblem heroes' voting gauntlet
but now that made me think of a card style gachapon game for WD characters.
"Aw man I pulled another Cody."
"I really like this Killhand card but her dex is shit."
Oh my god. Don't give me ideas, ix. I'll draw that
ouch mishie
"Greetings... Comrade."
Bless
I'll do it later, ix. I'm still a little burnt out after drawing Synapse last night
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/16gDF6MG/Synapsing%20.png
But yeah. I'd play WD Heroes.
but I'm a sucker for motherfucking Gacha games
I think the pattern I based it off of was a bike kind of suit.
I can't find the original reference image I used.
But it could work. Her dad rides a motorcycle. Having her eventually follow in his path would be bitchin'
I did get them to adjust, yes
I used the warp tool on photoshop to make sure that they followed
Yeah foss
No
I'm talking about the bike suit that I found
that I borrowed the color blocking form
but yeah. if I didn't have very very limited drawing skills, and no free time I'd just make a bunch of fucking WD PC gacha cards because why not
I am.
Druz do you know how many gacha games i've played?
Mendez's card title would be something like "The scent of fresh coffee." I don't know what the special skills would be
Yum is the one that plays copious amounts of magic the gathering
if I was doing it in fire emblem heroes style, though. She'd be a mage and her tome is just a cup of coffee
Thank you!
I actually learned that trick from trying to make that quaff can
so I'll thank you, anti
thanks nick.
did anyone else want to submit to the gauntlet?
oh my god ix
Bunny girl synapse. I don't know how I feel about that considering she's sixteen haha
If any of my characters are gonna be bunny girls, Gwyn is the one with the stacked chest
well the initial idea was the bunny girl suit.
same
what would Jack's card do, Anti?
!quote 586
idk i just like the idea of like. WD characters as the little chibis from FE: Heroes.
anyone else want to submit for the gauntlet?
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1qyI0JnMwqszrLp13-dyWBtJnWr0vN76eeZLrnEJJpBM echoe
I'm just doing a stupid fun little poll thing
It's not supposed to be mean spirited.
It's just supposed to be light hearted and fun
I'm not though?
I mean. I'd run it as combat fun stuff but I don't have the GMing skills /for/ combat
same
Turcold
SaNicFau
u a nublet
thanks spelt
I needed that
be proud of that GM tag
wear it like a giant golden clock on your neck
yeah
just /nick Valence|GM or Vale|GM or whatever you want
That's to show that you're ending your post, mag
Like the "Stop" at the end of a telegram
yep
See, vale? Isn't it great?
Gives you power
It gives you a seat at the big boys' table.
Puck will be missed
Yeah
$roll 1d46
nice
$luck
$roll 1d6
sometimes you get a gem like "Shia doesn't exist in worm"
yes
!search shia
aww thanks, Rock.
have you read any other Norwalk stuff?
gotcha ant
https://goo.gl/g4X9MH
I'm very proud of my little campaign. but if you like this then you'll like the rest of it
If you read it, keep me updated. I like hearing what people think
np
it's little to me because it's my child.
now if only I could use that proliferation to do something actually useful.
No, that's not what I'm saying.
but If I could just focus my goddamn head and do as much for an original story as I could for my campaign
idk
I'm just being hard on myself.
I love running my game.
But I do wish I could just focus and write my own stuff. But I just. I always panic. I second guess myself. Kill the world building. And then it ends up as an aborted stump
CG you're just saying that because cashy has it out for you :-P
alexandria packages are fun.
like. Gwyn has the /coolest/ power out of my characters. but AQ is the most fun.
man lots of stuff going on
How many games are running right now?
Hell yeah
good job
why would you say that?
oh shit local
it's flora, right?
and no she's not a PRT brat, faust.
meg's kid is a boy i think?
and yes jack met Carol
$roll 1d2 Y|Roland Owens you are NOT the father
oop
it is not an official paternity test
but it was funny
maury is filmed like 20 minutes from Norwalk
did your wife fuck Jerry?
thanks nick.
ant so apparently i'm getting picked up and getting dragged to din. Brb
I have returned from tacos
oops
we got catfished.
the only thing I'm upset about is that I thought we had a cool newbie
I feel like this was an episode of undercover boss
like anti came in and made us all be nice to a newbie.
It was a bamboozle. but a clever bamboozle.
anti you're writing is really good
*Your
wow look at me fucking up my writing now
jack is making friends
night megs
and that canadian author is just 3 lesbians in a trench coat
at least you don't blow yourself up
the indy draft isn't until the 15th if I remember right
I'm around most days, though at the moment, Tuesdays, and then Fri-Sun are my most reliable since labs are a thing
(though I haven't been in a lab later than 4:30.)
same thal
The artisan method of tinkering
Yeah
Like I wonder if teller didn't have WD if he'd just be running around and beating people up.
I mean you did protest that preacher dude?
but that's not really a race riot that's a gay riot
guess we need a perform skill
Cwn is tone deaf
She sings in the shower and they deploy an entire squad to her room because it sounds like she's murdering someone
something something cashy loves her dad.
german isn't a real language
blaze it
vern it's not available in my country
Tur oh my god i fell asleep in front of my computer oop[s
I've been so tired this week
I don't know lys
I just use the one that anti gave me?
https://drive.google.com/open?id=16e0R-5ggZ4ta4yFcN1VGtEhNkDtkLqGKihjE-NVXqw4
yeah, but PHO is kind of the "Iconic" one.
yeah but if I make "X-ample.com" forums people are less likely to participate than sticking the name PHO on it.
It's basically about brand recognition at this point
it doesn't bother me that much tbh. We already have to suspend some disbelief considering we're mostly adults playing superhero on the internet
I was just giving my opinion
it's a cool one, at
Do you understand?
man I need some ice cream.
I feel like young blood is taken?
but I could be wrong?
Cavitate is cool but it doesn't roll off the tongue terribly well?
which is fine in a written format
Hops, Jill, Brass Baroness, Synapse, Ignatius—Wow ouch Iri
The hare, hush, and then the sisters
again turc I'm sorry I fell asleep halfway through. D:
Hey faust
pfft
literally everyone is like "hey hops how about you doing touch the crucible." and he's just like "But like. Siege, man."
we get it. Siege was cute and nice. But like if she's alive she ain't gonna be so cute now.
Artisan is so good don't make fun of him. ):
He made millie an omelette even though she broke into his home.
I'm trying to fix that
BUCKLER IS INNOCENT
PUT EM UP SPELT I WILL FIGHT YOU
THE ELITE IS BEHIND IT ALL
She's not a loli!
I don't know non, they just are.
yeah. It was outright stated.
'Dr. Petit' told her
Man. Cauldron played Millie so hard. Like they said all the right things to get this poor child to eat out of their hands
yeah.
idk I don't think cauldron is behind it either?
I definitely think it's the elite tbh
because they're the ones that wanted the cure gone.
idk
I don't think it's buckler's fault either.
But if anyone's going to find out it's hops or Synapse. Maybe ignatius if he doesn't already know.
Your husband is cheating on you with buckler's ghost.
that's the real conspiracy of san raul
Like. Despite all the seedy shit that Hops has done. I kind of want to see him and synapse fangirl over stronghold.
read it you numnut
so like half the chat.
considering you and anti make 90% of the powers
sometimes I wonder if non is just like. A gremlin that only comes out to log and to claim and increment.
Like. I appreciate you, non.
I mean yeah
but like.
In my mental image of the chat. Non is sitting under a bridge and only comes out under very specific circumstances.
I don't mess with the bot
oh dear
who needs legs anyway?
right, tubes?
give him some bunny legs then he'll really be hops
boing
there /was/ a point when hops cared I think. Now? I don't know.
orlando i think?
night spelt
tubes you did this to yourself
I redacted a large chunk of a log
There is one thing that I keep fucking forgetting to mention
Like I'll start an index session and I'm like "I'm going to remember to mention this." and then it ends and two days later i'm like "FUCK I FORGOT."
it's specifically about your flaw, cg. So I can't fix it.
because he would have to react to it
I should just give myself a prison tat on my wrist that says "REMEMBER THE FLAW."
what's his flaw?
oh
hahaha. nice.
takes siege on a date. Constantly has to give her his sweater. She has too many arms for the holes.
tops was a good quote
Teller is v good
ba dum tish
six weeks left?
Hey well
Yep. Shimmer almost killed shades
Aww thank you cg
I had a lot of fun writing it
And I think it was integral to figuring out how she grew in the last three years.
with shitting backstory everywhere?
yeah
it's like.
Backstory diarrhea.
lol me having ideas for powergen?
idk it's kind of strangery I guess?
you don't have to stick to the books, you know
yeah
those are just guidelines
tbh only using the books makes boring powers
I've seen enough gens to know it to be true.
but the thing is. You see that and now you're locked into "scan thinker."
and you're not going to come up with any possibilities that are different but still applicable.
it stifles creativity
and yeah, spelt. it's because those two classes are nightmares to make fun powers for
and the best stranger powers are applications of other powers
Like. I'm not gonna spoil entity's power in Norwalk. but it's not /technically/ a stranger power
oh shit you're reading norwalk
how you liking it?
Okay. Good. I'm glad we have good synergy.
Arc one is a little shaky because I'm just getting my bearings. But the last pit bull session of it is tops imo.
oh hush you dol I love running you
lexi practically runs herself
you could come to me and be like "Hey can rain piss on yankee doodle's grave?" and I'd be like 'Yeah go for it."
(The man that the song is based off of is buried in norwalk. He's in the creepy cemetary by the best ice cream shop.)
isn't that just thal's alt?
hi thal
:3
the last pit bull session of it is tops imo." I am always waiting for people who read Norwalk to get to /that/ session.
I love my players.
Nick I need to run you soon
I don't remember nick I uh. I think it was last Monday.
Tuesday, Friday, and weekends are best for me right now
Because school. 😑
Because wind tunnel is so good
I'm out today. Tomorrow I should be able to do nick?
And wind tunnel isn't full of morons.
Yeah. She has very clear instructions on succession
She runs it like a business. There are people who are essential and people who are replaceable
There's an implicit threat, but she also does things to boost morale (ex. Bagels in the break room)
The capes. Her assistant. Natalie. And DE's assistant.
She'll probably give Dust directly to Vice
Poor kian.
Kian has no respect.
Hey tel and bow
Lys you killed Vern
rip cayo
yep
I don't know why a character's power, which faust didn't make, is relevant to the review?
yeah
oh wow that's a long trigger.
didn't we make that a cape at one point?
tru
spellspin never gets a power
he rots in WD limbo
forever
character development.
oh my god tubes
XD
night splet
non i think?
As much as i joke about him being a gremlin he's one of the best genners we have
oh my god.
we just. Throw non in the basement
and make him make powers
I mean we talked about throwing him in the trigger sweatshop but yeah no i think his talents lie in the power basement
I contribute to the sweatshop every now and then.
I really want someone to roll the fun times stabby trigger
37 times, mish
and why this faust
I was playing around PMing cashy and oh god I rolled the lipo trigger
Gross gross gross
who wrote that one? fuck you
i don't remember anymore
the lipo trigger makes me want to vom
tbh it's not hard to make me gag
which is why anti used the scale of "which makes saff wanna vom more"
it's trigger 93, SR
pm cashy the command '$trigger 93'
oh hell yeah hell yeah
anti your computer keeps going 'bing'
bing
even my chracter who uses a gun has never been shot
gun
idk. pierce should be scary
a puncture wound is more dangerous than a scratch or a cut
like.
stepping on a nail is more dangerous than getting scratched by that nail
please.
:)
a yard long shaft
didn't you learn that from foss, ant
like. tal it just doesn't come up a lot.
AQ is a trained merc and even she doesn't have a sniper rifle
usually the answer is 'no'
^^
like. dude if i give you a sniper rifle you're gonna get really big shit thrown at you
i think.... i need to sleep.
night friends.
Hey
Is nick here?
Okay nick I just woke up give me like. Ten minutes to get ready and I can run you
And hey cg
Can I get logs from last night?
thanks nick
you ready?
yeppo
finally
tbh I really want someone to figure out what Rosalina is always typing
Oh my god spelt.
ugh nick sorry one sec
bucky pissed on my pillows
bow gave it to you. therefore it's canon.
It's a little how it works
you don't like fish?
oh faust what are you running?
nice
Nick I have to restart my computer. One sec
hank/josie otp
sure?
cool, nick. I posted
Sorry. I had to run to the store
because two of our pillows could not be saved
vice will be fine.
he's kind of like Diet Lung.
pffftt
rip
what
what's about me?
all that whittling is paying off
what kind of knife is it again?
i'm trying to figure out if it's mod or lesser?
That's what I was thinking too. You slashing or stabbing?
Coo
I keep forgetting this motherfucker has a broken leg
Thanks for playing, Nick!
thanks for running. I had a good time as always!!
night!!
Heyo
Hey well
hey tell!
How you?
I have returned
conglats you found me
yeah he just told me
vern likes me for some weird reason
I'm not even done with pact
tru
why would you say I'm a cultist foss
but yeah idk i haven't picked because i'm not sure if anti has approved my idea for his pact dice
I'm gonna fuck the fae.
Nah not interested in being a harbinger
foss you're like.
Sooooo off base for me
vern can you link me the practices doc again?
((Are you gonna try for the fuckle?)) (at line 592)
thanks
tbh necromancy would be cool.
I also like heartless.
I am an inhuman monster.
see. A tol like Thal has many place for the rage to spread out. A smol like I must condense her rage into said smol space
and contents under pressure is likely to blow
yes
Would not
but yeah foss you are literally so fucking off base with harbinger. I'm not selling my soul to anyone thnx
Queen chose her own path.
And technically gwyn did too
she literally had the choice between going back to blackjack or joining the protectorate
and she made a choice.
Actually she was sober when she joined the dust devils.
she literally went to them because she needed to buy shit
it's not a very good joke?
like you're kind of super misconstruing my characters
Like the idea of harbinger does not appeal to me in the slightest because my soul is mine.
unless they're cauldron
Wait is this summer too or just fall?
ouch
I'll be there to cheerlead.
ra ra go anti
hey ant did you get my paste yesterday?
hey cg
how you cg
Sneezy and stressed.
glad you managed to get a new phone. Sorry that it was so $$ though ):
no cracks tho?
Cg who's next in SR?
Oh nice.
Hush and lily.
Dude there are ones all the time when you're on. O.O
what did i do
what
oh
they should pay us
lol i run a game and I haven't read the entire rulebook
what does non smell like?
the perfume: essence of Non.
Nift, if you don't mind me asking which post did you see?
Thal you're Diet Simurgh.
Ah. I was kind of hoping you got here from ColdGold pimping San Raul the other day
You forgot #WDSanraul2 i think wick
I didn't take balance.
faust can you really talk about unmutated hands
Mr. 'Hi my hands are made out of rocks?'
Or is it "Father My hands are made of rocks"?
I mean
you yes
but like.
You have /the/ mutated hands character
A lot of us are in multiple games
and have to pick and choose
(also I can try to fix your hands, faust. we just have to make sure Anti and Non don't bust into my base again.)
Yeah. I'm in a lot and I run one
I'm in... Cleveland, Motor City, San Raul, Liverpool... That's it. And I run Norwalk.
:)
It's kind of mine.
not really
I just have free reign to it
but it'll be mine soon enough.
rip dallas
I WILL WIN OVER ARTISAN
Stronghold 2.0 will be a thing
oh my god
Let me do the training videos
Saff YES
there's no room on my phone or I'd make you a training video.
give it cheesy music.
I would totally make a cheesy video like dude.
"Hi, I'm Saff. You might be wondering what's the deal with this Weaverdice. Well, I'll show you!"
Weird cut throwing me through some sort of wormhole. I'm taking to a copy of myself but they're wearing sunglasses.
fuck quaff
actually speaking of quaff. Anti at any point this week could we work on more of indy?
Thursday should be okay.
Man. Cassie and Interstice def got the short end of the stick
Guidance is just. Poor baby.
I'd say 'I need to protect her' but tbh if queen knew how loco that girl was she'd just shoot her and put her out of her misery.
oh my god. Soda Jerk would have been great
considering he makes shitty soda AND he's a jerk
Fuck that guy
Guidance is awesome. But poor girl.
val are you still doing drugs with your friends in the car
oh
you need your eyeballs
rip
I just came out to my mom as a villain
non aren't you trying to kill andre
so are you
Yeah, val. Mutation
he's creation, I'm mutation
Squirrel. His name is Steve
We made a steve.
XD I'm glad you like Josie and Hank though. They're the dorkiest couple in school
nick is trying his best
did you deaded?
DID YOU TOUCH THE MUTANT BOX???
No val. Do not touch the mutant box
Haha i'm glad you like that line, val. That's one I actually use with my fiance.
faaauuusst
what did I do?
brb 1 sec
rip
Oh no...
Siege....
I'm so sad
Siege no no no baby
div, dear. What did you expect you went into the MUTANT HOLE
DO NOT ENTER
well now you'll fit in with your friends
but your sister will hate your guts
i cannot believe.
tbh since she's invisible going with the clear kind of deep sea animals would be cool
http://www.science-rumors.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Gulper-Eel-deep-sea.jpg
there's a gulper eel
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/18/5b/88/185b88fc4f887d8ced372bb5d3c94cfd.jpg
dick squid
Hussssssssssssssssssh
how i'm just singing superboy and the invisible girl. Thanks dive
that's going to be the most awkward doodlydoo ever,val
oh my god
SIEGE
BUT POOR SIEGE
FUCK
TELL NOW I KNOW WHY YOU'VE BEEN DOING EVERYTHING
SIEGEEEE
yes, dice
*dive
siege is so good
shhh
stop she's my friend
she has one friend that stayed
even the cancer didn't stay though
and she's either going to make artisan her friend or she's going to annoy him so much that he kicks her ou—I mean true
true
but she did them one at a time
Yeah mishie
second eye upgrade
yeah.
one at a time
though I don't think Millie would have trouble with both out. Her power gives her an innate knowledge of her biology
so she'd be able to get them in without looking I think.
still. one at a time is the way to go
I cannot believe
though. is this our first view of someone mutating on screen?
I mean in an offshoot way
not in a cauldron way
because Knightmare mutated on screen too
yeah holy shit that was a p goo session
San raul is some good shit
Seeing siege broke my heart though
No, div
Siege is buckler's daughter
My character was kind of friends with her though
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1a2XfxGciNjGIb0tTYQW6cXDQaZ6CTAHazzyvNJik9EI This is super incomplete but CG and I were working on it.
Was
yes
My character is Synapse.
No
Siege visited her in the hospital and gave millie hope.
Oh haha. That's my bad then cg
poor andre
he just wanted to smoke some weedo
didn't any of these kids learn that crack is whack
Literally the two most awkward people in existence.
a sad handjob
hehehe
:)
You know why, Proth
it's always time for a sad handjob
i'm not jerking you off, proth
seriously how are these two dorks going to be villains
Hank cries over his salad
Well. That went p well. Now I am going to sleep. Test tomorrow. Night frineds.
Hey
You're running Huntsville
I'm at lunch spelt
i have returned from the seven lunch
hey bow-berry biscuit.
weast
East? I thought you said Weast
look man i live for vintage spongebob jokes
Hey div how's your mouth?
Ouch.
Millie is fine
Hops wants to go in the hole
Though seeing that made me want to help get siege out of the hole.
I won't go to the hole
So teller you go into the hole and get her out
And then I'll fix her
Hey meg
Just. Someone get siege out of the hole please.
Teller if you get her out bring her to us.
faust is alpha dad
i'm just
That was a good session
Screaming
Can't wait to see Ig rip her a new one
I just. Seeing the inside of the crucible though. Shit
you basically just wing it
half the time I don't know wht i'm doing.
but the best way to get immersed is to read logs.
I'd recommend reading #WDSanRaul or #WDCleveland to start? Cleveland's got a lot but it's what a lot of people start with
#WDTallahassee is going on right now and that's apparently v good but I haven't read still whoops
I run #WDNorwalk
https://goo.gl/g4X9MH these are my logs but there are a lot of them now so some people are freaked by that
I linked you to all of my logs
just go to the room for the game and usually they have the info in the topic
and coo coo. Let me know how you like them
There's also games going on in #WDTallahassee #WDMegacity and #Other right now. Though #Other is a more comic book based thing than a WD thing
Don't forget San Raul!
Fuck balance.
ah. What have you read, az?
josie and hank are the biggest dorks ever
you have a dog?
DOG
stop being mean to my son, spelt
i'm slightly concerned
Has it? Am I going to have to go back and look at everything oh god
oh. oh dear
Mmmm. Slow death
Malfire, Acacia, Feral, Cwn Annwn. The nudie squad
Indy's acacia
bless
I feel worse for the ones that got named Khaleesi
I'm still upset by the number of people I know who have relatives that named a kid Harley Quinn
Just wait until thalia has to fight someone who's not white. I can see the headline now. "White Lady punches black man."
yes, jad
first name Harley. Middle name Quinn
what else is the white lady gonna do?
Just wait until thalia has to fight someone who's not white. I can see the headline now. "White Lady punches black man."
I'm crying my eyes out oh my god. White Lady, Hate Crime. Why this
the white lady is a type of ghost I swear
it's the one that gets into your car and kills you
Jack likes crime tho
crime brulee
I'm so glad my mom shut that shit down
Faust and CG brought up that my bio father wanted to name me Hero.
which is LITERALLY the worst
because then my mom would have had choice of middle names and I would have been Hero Rose.
yes
I'd expect her soc to be atrocious if her sister overshadowed her her entire life
oh
https://68.media.tumblr.com/02ed224b69d886fc8f547409a5b21e1b/tumblr_oqmi4rRiQT1qewacoo2_r1_540.jpg tubes
https://68.media.tumblr.com/02ed224b69d886fc8f547409a5b21e1b/tumblr_oqmi4rRiQT1qewacoo2_r1_540.jpg tubes" messed up.
it's my yumgar
josie is lame in bed pass it on.
D:
Hey
Ayyy
Thank
Also I finished the shades and AQ thing.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/YxA0nC4k/image.png
Just don't look at his hand
But that's what they look like
lol no
Too much
And I cheat so hard.
It's still a lot. That took me like. Several hours for each
(Seriously most of it is cheats when I do digital)
My trad stuff is nowhere near as good
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/3HJl5cHA/IMG_4745.JPG
Hush.
She's mutated now
Ha brought it back to ED
*WD
Lol dude I can't do commissions I'd feel so bad
He's right
I have a different skill set to get extra cash.
Oh teller you're on. How did you feel about seeing siege in the hole?
Hey cg
Don't lose your phone at six flags again
Rude.
D:
Cg no
That's not hush
Lolololol
I was saying hush to shut you up dingus
https://goo.gl/images/pi6sZd
There I drew hush
but yeah just for anyone who is unclear. the girl in blue is not hush.
spelt is just a dum dum bubblegum
wb jov
claw anti has done a lot of cray stuff
there was one time where yum ran a star wars thing. And Anti was playing in it and GMing me and i think someone else at the same time. While cooking dinner
i've run and played at the same time
rip daisy
rip faust
oooh i get a flawwww
Nonagon: The shit judge
Non you have so many titles now
"Supervisor of the trigger sweatshop." "Shit Judge." "Genner extraordinaire."
I was going to say i like making sandwiches but I'm a chick so that gives other implications.
thanks foss
They are pretty competent mercenaries.
you gots the itis?
Anti gave me reference for shades. I use Sabrina Carpenter as a face claim for Imogen.
):< she doesn't do METH
also like tbh I get kind of annoyed when people insinuate that she looks a mess. she's actually super anal about her appearance.
and no she's limited to like two things because shades procures her drugs for her
After her overdose he hard limits her
that's common on a lot of internet RP things, foss.
but yeah. She doesn't do drugs on jobs anymore. She's limited to a set amount. Usually it's coke, adderall, or weed. Sometimes she'll get ecstasy.
I mean she OD'd on heroin so
She's trying to turn herself around she's just. Not good at it. It's easier to backslide than to move forward
That too
"Yeah i'm amphetamine Queen but like I'm straight edge."
she has a big tattoo of wings
Hmmm which do I pick which do I pick...
I'm between Eve and concupiscence. Hmmmm
eeney meeney miney mo...
$roll 1d2 Eve|Con
Guess I'm grabbing concupiscence.
Hey y'all is anyone around for a gen?
Nonagon? Teller? (I'd ask anti and CG but I know y'all are at 6Flags)
$trigger
foss don't push breaker just because it's low on the count
anyway I've gotta run to class. PM me if you come up with a power and need me to roll luck
anyway I've gotta run to class. PM me if you come up with a power and need me to roll luck
$luck
$power perk
$roll 1d6
sorry I was in the car
can you PM me which perks I got pls?
champion. What was the other?
I do!
Aye aye. gonna work on the charasheet in a bit i'm drawing right now
spelt you're pretty late on that
fulvus' character is a foster kid
):
faust did SC take my organs?
oh
):
they probably won't find it, spelt
oh?
They cared enough
to put out a missing person's
I haven't done stats uet
I only have a name and a cape name so far
I'm exhausted as fuck today
I really like the power though, non.
Her name is Celine. The cape name I'm thinking of is Apate. I wanted something greek, and Apate is the greek personification of deceit. I thought it fit nicely for her personality
(Also i never dump guts come on)
Dump soc is always my first option
instructions unclear
is a bitch
that's a good cape name.
love me some rends
night friends
Hello
Oh Weast
You're back
Hi
Oh shit the lotto is today. Who got in ant
Oh tubes is in are we getting biscuit tan?
Congrats lysa!!!
Oh and bel is in too. And Faust he'll yeah
Good group
Yeah. I get that.
Non is a good element. And van is awesome.
I hope you enjoy your character as much as you liked slither
Try not to blow up this time.
\o/
Tru that's dol this time
Dol. Leah is crazy and won't wear a real bra
Take the sad sack trophy
Faust is gonna be so good
Anti isn't a murderer like teller
But Thalia is.
True
Rip
Sobs
Teller is gonna kill us all
I'm probably priority number one
Because she shot jets three years ago
I had to help anti make a file so I have a bad feeling tell is going after me
Yeah ell. She's the opener to one of the most popular campaigns.
So it makes sense that she's popular
Wait she has a mover category? What?
Ellardy?
Explain pls?
Oh.
I didn't know there was a category after her
Where is that?
Oh cool I guess I am on there
My favorite convenience store
Hey pink people were looking for you
Pls no.
Also more Norwalk today
Finishing anti
It's because when newbies read the docs they get stuck on one idea
And then that leads to crunchy power gen
The docs are a suggestion rather than law
So yeah I'm not a fan of them because I think power gen should be more organic than formulaic.
I don't ever find them helpful. It gets people stuck on one idea. I remember a gen a little while back where the person got stuck on one type of thinker and it slowed the gen and caused arguments. I don't like seeing arguments over gen
Considering this is supposed to be fun
We're all (mostly) adults playing superhero on the internet. Like. We need to loosen up a bit and just have fun
No one is doing new gen anymore ell
I really don't like new gen.
It makes things isolated and crunchy.
But new gen was taking 6+ hours. Sometimes a whole day
Dude new gen was taking 5ever
Old gen goes so fast
Yeah it did
That was me.
And cg saved that gen
By swooping in at the last moment
True bel
Bel are you gonna be the reporter?
Show me your resume bel
Heck that's awesome bel
I will when I'm on my laptop bel
\o/
Nice.
Faust gotta restart my computer
Wait is cg in Alabama?
Dude and you didn't say hi?
R u d e
Tru
If you woke me up before my alarm I would have skinned you alive.
Nobody wakes me up.
Except for yum and Bucky but they get mean looks for it
Hey sanguis are you new?
I'm so pumped for Indy
I'm so fucking pumped for indy I could like. Kickbox a toddler
Seriously. The stuff anti has told me and showed me, plus my own hype for playing AQ again is like
holy fuck i'm so excite
Also jove i'm working on my charasheet i'm just being slow
lol spelt she's already had two and a half you dingus
They're not secret. They're on the doc
They were just done as play by posts
but they're public
Go read them
I'm a pusher, spelt. I push people.
Also those sessions have Lionheart who is my favorite of the NPCs so far
he's so good
I don't ever find them helpful. It gets people stuck on one idea. I remember a gen a little while back where the person got stuck on one type of thinker and it slowed the gen and caused arguments. I don't like seeing arguments over gen" I use them all the time for ideas and direction.
Shades is my fave.
but that's a given
I meant of the new NPCs
yeah but non the thing is
you've done enough powergens
that you know how to use them right
someone who just picks them up will think word is law.
and that's where the problem comes
not everyone is as good as you.
and I mean that in a "Flatter non's ego" way
Seriously you're like one of the best power genners we have here
it's because we locked him in a basement for so long
no supper until you've finished all your gens
Give spelt the eyeball blaster
neep my nop
no mag
back to the basement with ye
I liked the rainbow knight power.
Is there any way
To stop
Teller?
like. Bless him he's a good but holy shit his murder instinct is a pain
even I don't have a sniper rifle, druz
I just want to get money, do drugs, fuck a villain, and become queen bee at school.
dolyn i feel like that comment is directed at me.
though if queen gets arrested again they'll likely try to cage her.
Third.
Yeah
So she's trying to play it safe on that side.
because if it's two strike then a third sends her home running to be GU's bitch.
I don't want to kill anyone unless i'm paid to.
dude I don't do that shit for free
NOT METH
DOLLA DOLLA BILLS
No vern
gonna be head bitch
though tbh if only Immy could do that she's going to fucking hate school.
I know
):
you said the wards weren't real heroes, dol.
I'm p sure you're on the shit list.
jurks you've got two people to die before you get in. Might wanna sit tight.
I'm planning on surviving this shit
i'm interested to see where the new people go
considering we've got two independents, me in a pre-established gang that's working for the elite. CG's got his drips.
and then one big gay
also anti when should spelt and i expect to do that session?
okay. Tuesday and Friday are the best for me b/c no labbo
fuck i'm so ready to be done with this class
if anyone fucks with lionheart i'll rip their spleen out
then, dol. gonna have to join as a threesome I guess.
Sandwich girl AND lionheart? Imogen would fucking die.
druz but if you join the trinitiy of triumph it's not a trinity anymore duh
ah taking a page out of the saff book of nutrition I see, cg
she explains it all
lol thal
I just picked helen because it's the first white mom name that comes to mind
Damian's mom is 'susan.'
i don't know if Jack's mom has a name
I just know that she's pretty sure gluten made her son fucked up
it would be an interesting thing. To see how many names are repeated.
I wanted to do 'Victoria' for my Apolline character, but you know. That name is already taken by a canon character so i didn't
I'm going with "Heather" Instead I think?
Imogen, Gwyn, Madeline, Ava, Rosalie, Mia, Bonnie, Millicent, Audrey, and now Heather
I picked Heather because the character's trigger was literally that she's a mega bitch
I favor the letter M it seems.
dude. Heathers.
it seems we all have a letter we slant towards
M is definitely mine though O.O
Nakamura.
Tachibana
ummm
Ishihara. Kunikida. Kurosawa.
http://www.behindthename.com/random/ select japanese
you'll have to check the random surname box
but other than that you'll get some shit there
just start looking at Yokai
and then pick a cool one
preferably not the one with an eyeball for an asshole.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shirime
Some last names do repeat.
foss. There's the door.
:-P
Also anti i got home so whenever you want to do stuff let me know
I didn't think foss would leave. I was just saying that because he made a bad joke
And technically I just said "there's the door"
Which. There. There is the door.
Druza that's because you're still in the seven hells
Get out of there. Your skin is burning off
DID YOU SAY DOG
SINCE WHEN DOES SPELT HAVE DOG
GIVE ME DOG
oh
I
I guess I'm a bully
I'm sorry
I am sorry that I am a bully.
though like. If y'all are getting bullied by a 5'2" girl who only cares about puppers like.
sorry man but maybe you deserve it
and my puppo thinks that I am awesome
I JUST LOOKED AT HIM
true.
look we're almost a real person
Teller so. who's first on your kill list for indy
Teller I know you.
Everyone. Raise your hand if Teller has killed you.
I was about to say. The fuck happened in detroit when did omen get killed by booty shorts
non i. I shouldn't be surprised.
but like
Why
my general typing speed is 80wpm. interesting.
no
!search watermelon
wait
!quote 586
There
Jack voigt
not jack /slash/
Lysa are you the faceless?
magic cancer.
is spelt boinking his sister again?
I come back and thalia is just. Left nut.
Thanks thal.
THANKS.
rip soma
i finally killed him
i think he was looking for a new job
maybe he found one?
idk. or maybe he did finally die of radiation poisoning
"Hey remember that time we found a dead body good times."
XD
night jove
night nicko
I almost typed nico by accident
nicko nicko nii
Lurks I /am/ love live.
just wait until your donger falls off, val
something somethng dice luck isn't real
anti i think you need to sleep O.O
gj dive cock
Morn
Depends on clearance.
Gwyn isn't authorized for foam grenades.
Comms unit. Med kit. Cuffs or zip ties.
That's about the bare min if you don't have clearance.
A bit higher and maybe you get a stun gun or foam grenades.
Anti probably knows best though
No gunno
Go jov!!!
No running
Thank you. Now. I don't know who appointed me lifeguard but I think I need to give the whistle back
Mmm barbecue breaker
Hey tell.
"Sorry wrong number"
Local I think
Oh hot pants.
I'll be free later if you want to run me too. :-P
No lab today
Yep ant
I am excite
Though lionheart thinks she told him to fuck off
XD
But yeah the clap was taken care of
Ooh tell please tell
Teller's talk show. Tell time.
Hey full
Fulv
Yeah. I think that's a habit you should probably break, tally
Rip daisy
Rip Cato
Cato
CAYO
fuck my phone
I don't believe that girl has ever been to medical school
yeah but I probably trust Adonis just a /small/ amount more
he at least understand sanitation
"I don't ever get sick if you get sick you're WEAK."
Pink how many people in the detroit PRT have personally punched adonis in the face?
yeah i'll play faust
:-P
Shock
I think that's what anti used when I flashbanged myself.
Vale god damn now i see why you take the fucking 'make your powers better' drugs
yeah a service dog wouldn't attack
i need them!!!
give me the SUPER DRUGS
She and Hank fucked in a tunnel under the zoo.
VILLAINS
:)
are you joking, or are you serious? Because I will tone it back if you're serious but I can never tell with you
you're good, bel
what's going on
pretty small.
oh my god anti no
have you posted btw
i'm drawing rn
so i haven't been checking anythin
just let me know when you want to finish, ant
will you be around 2moro
Ah hahahahaha. Hope you find my corpse, Van.
): mouse protector
too bad daisy's pushing daisies. Felicia and Josh seem like they'd be good people to run away to
hey cg
gross
how u
wait did cody lose the cock but not the balls?
does he just have like. This sack hanging there?
that's like. The first thing you DO CODY
"oh I think someone took my dong." CHECK
Like. Yeah I thought he got the full ken doll.
but now I'm just imagining a pair of coconuts without a trunk.
Yeah. That's what I thought too, tubes
like. I thought castration was all about the balls
and the ding-dong was just. Something else.
I mean, yeah.
unfortunately we haven't invented accelerated healing yet
who doesn't like some identity theft?
nugget nugget nugget
God. I don't even want to think about adonis' idea of bedside manner
wow SC is trying to get rid of the evidence of the fact that he KILLED ME
josie is alive and well.
though she's becoming more of a villain now
FOUR SNAKE
That's like three snake but four.
oh come on he was a little evil first.
yes, silv. Four snakes
Lucifer, Phobos, Deimos, and Eden. Four snake.
that's too many.
the fourth snake is his penis.
but yeah she doesn't have enough body for forty snake
it's like. barrel full of monkeys but arm full of snake
she wants to use bugs for things but hank doesn't like them
Josie just wants to help this poor bug on the sidewalk and hank is like "NO WE ARE GOING YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW WHAT HE'S SAYING."
Hey
How you
Oh. Who and which?
Which one is five?
Oh nice
Wait tubes you blew up AGAIN???
You've been blessed by cashy, weast
congrats
same
I am always saff
Usually when I'm not sure what to add i add salt and pepper.
maybe more garlic
yeah you fucking blew up again tubes
what the fuck, man?
yes, tubes
hey yum
they're doing a power gen
which one has been genned?
oh you did mishie
yeah
i think he's prepping for the bar or something
the bar exam. not you know. going to get schwasted
i mean he might be doing that too but that seems to be more tubes' deal
i educated bel
Pink you didn't need to do research for the trigger
which one were you gunning for, lys?
MORE GAY IN INDY
pls
cassie and interstice are gay. Guidance and Queen are bi.
yess
everyone in indy will be friends of the babadook.
Oh jov did you get my $tell?
I was gonna go with heather and then I was trying to name her sister and I saw 'Paisley' and I was like oh man that's a bitch name if I have ever seen one.
like. you hear a girl's name is Paisley and you /know/ she's a c u n t
yeah anti fuckin broke his glasses again what a nerd.
I say as i'm sitting in my bedroom without my glasses and I can't see shit
my dog chewed on a pair of my glasses once.
But fuck this isn't WD related
so how about them dice
hey anti we still gonna do stuff?
coo
ping me when u redy
i'm draw
do we finally have a power?
thal darling. You're trying to steal my soul.
thal it's /my/ soul.
hey vale
ok i guess. bored
i think it's goo
poor tubes
It's taken all day, teller. We're arguing semantics at this point. Like. it's so frustrating.
nine hours. That's insane.
i already dropped it, pink.
blow up lose arms
fuck clowns
What's up nerds
Nm. How you meg
Hey
foss we're grown ups who play superhero on the internet. I think everyone here has caught the nerd
amber is my middle name...
Just take a normal name and spell it weird
Kaytlynn
But there's got to be a section of the baby name places for shitty names because my nieces are fucking. Brinley and Kinsley.
she hasn't been born yet so
NOOOO
there is no amontillado!!!
huh i wonder if my mom still has my poe collection lying around
shhh druz
I will punch all the children.
I am ameFIST fight me
I ddin't die spelt.
what
don't tell me what to dovern
o7
Slow day today
Ur a kazoo
probs
's not really nice to tell people not to take certain people in their games, spelt.
rude
teller is cooking the souls of those he has defeated
so i finally found thal's hideout in liverpool
i'm interested to see what happens when she opens the door and finds a dumb slut in pink sweatpants there
She hasn't done anything sexually promiscuous but 'dumb slut' was the best adjective I could come up with for her
she's just kind of stupid and trashy
AQ is probably the one of my characters that is 'slutty.'
but i hate to call her that because she's my favorite
Cwn's crazy.
lol iri the only reason AQ is alive is because of shades
like he has saved her ass so many times because she's just. a queen of bad decisions
she's trying to get better though
because she's realized that she's not just fucking over herself anymore? Like it's finally hit her that like. Doing stupid shit worries Shades too.
and she feels bad about that.
She visited them before she left ohio for good
but her dad is dead now
Murdered because he was running a tinker supply business
and no
shades was offered the job but he was like "Yeah no."
dunno
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1M5Bv_arseL0Lr67MCE4XOiSRqddNyP7snOf22-lXBqc
that's all covered in the section "Hey maybe let's get a tattoo, drugs are great."
which is one of two section titles that I came up with. Anti did the rest
the other one i named was um. "Oh god there's another endbringer somebody do something but not us."
but yeah spelt that's what happened to immy's dad.
Imogen
though most of the time she goes by her fake name.
like the only person who calls her imogen is shades
legend is the best
oh good tubes
night splet
vale i think it's an add on
yeah vale
i'm fucking pimping now
in faust's thing, mishie
good job hotpants.
):<
Squatting deep into a crouching position, I put my hands into the air in a manner to simulate that of a crab, possibly angry, possibly disturbed, possibly questioning a cruel god who gave me claws but no booty to pinch.
or are you talking about the crabs
A deer based adventure, jygg
As a connecticutlet, I'm offended.
but this covers deer
Um jygg shia doesn't exist in wormverse.
and other is taken rn
i mean there is.
night tubes
don't blow up mmkay?
yesss
i can't believe faust got the power to turn into crab and speak crab
"I challenge you to a bake off."
night maz
Hey
How u
Sleep
i think snapper would be upset that there aren't any nugs tho
morning cg. How's it hanging?
tubes why
hey dol
why this
hm. maybe i should start planning to run one of the three people that weren't at the party. i'm still waiting for mishie.
but the others shouldn't be affected
not mishie's part i don't think, meg.
hey nicko
CLAWFORD the logs are in #ohdeer
Oh valence isn't on I cant talk shit
Sure you made your girlfriend a mountain but I'm gonna shut off a mofo's powers
Saff yes
Spelt to be fair. Gigant is an asshole
I mean. i'd be down for WD. :-P but i'm a slut for games
if i run out of tacos i lose my human form
nice.
yeah. I think that's a pretty common thing
kinky
there's something nice about only having to play one character
instead of having to juggle two or three npcs at the same time
Hey weast
Please don't kill me. ): I love Millie.
ok. tired.
you?
yeah
Artisan: Hey millie don't fuck with that robot it doesn't work right. Millie: I'm gonna punch it.
nah. right now she's just making new eyes and trying not to piss off her mom
teller my man my dude. You're awesome at PCing though????
like seriously.
I probably shouldn't inflate your ego but you're fucking awesome????
i know dol i'm a meanie pants
watch this. Dol, I treasure you as a friend and a person and a player.
i actually haven't seen you GM or play, tubes. SO I can't really comment
and if they fuck up they crack their skull on the boat
Where does Millie live, cg?
i've kind of just run norwalk mostly on the side of town where I grew up
the other side exists I just. Don't really use it haha
flux.
durr i use gaussian blur all the time on PS
Guass' law isn't magnets it's electric flux you shithole.
fuck chemistry
tbh i do kind of want hops and synapse to interact
like. hops is going off the deep end but they both really cared for siege?
):<
I just think it would be an interesting conversation.
but I don't want to fucking fight him
yeah. I.. I don't want to /fight/ hops. But talking to him for a little would be interesting
if he tries to fuck up me or artisan though, Millie will fucking do anything to kick his shit in
oh wow firlz is alive
Always use references.
I can't do traditional art for shit if I don't have references.
Who pinged me
Hm. Interesting.
from the weast
yeah. there are a lot less 53s now
cauldron capes can be fun
but you have to have a good concept behind them or you can get super frustrated
just be careful when they're like "Hey will you do any favors we ask of you?"
because /someone/ will never let you live that 'yes ma'am!' down
but you have to have a good concept behind them or you can get super frustrated" Seems like if you have a good concept you can also get super frustrated.
?
rip
yep.
Ivo is talla, Candela is sicol, Millie is San Raul.
Three very different characters
was
you're right
You've got Dad, sad, and teen.
hush you mishie
no helen was sad
millie is teen
ivo is dad
come on mishie get with the fuckin program
i was going to say "dad, sad, and smol." but millie is of statistically average height.
why this
eat the bread then you don't have to win it anymore
laptops are just better tho.
I think here, and old style
but yeah changer danger.
\o/ i'm the best
I remember non saying something like a dual form changer? Where one had like. A more feminine finesse style and the other was more of a brute-y kind of thing?
I thought that was cool.
I just really like the idea of the dual halves. And that sword dancer imagery.
kinky?
put em up, princess
;)
yeah. okay. I like that.
fuck u faust
no one is ever going to let that go
i don't want to derail the gen though
I do like the switching armors
the dichotomy is something nice
I like that idea
maiden form based more on evasion and agility and stuff? Masculine on attacking and tanking maybe?
i like ribbon dancer
http://www2.pictures.zimbio.com/gi/Nikara+Jenkins+20th+Commonwealth+Games+Rhythmic+IzavaagoaGvl.jpg
pfft. Dancer and lancer
it rhyme
ooh yeah
Maybe the lancer can only move on a straight line?
NICK oh my god
oh i like that, non
Maybe? though I was thinking of something where the ribbons could be the vector the lance travels on?
but yeah backlash
identity backlash of some sort
ooh. I like discomfort in their skin. Maybe a pins and needles sensation?
like a limb that fell asleep and won't wake up
Mmm. I don't know if I like that as much
yeah i think it's a check box, div
the thing at the bottom that says "divided"
i like it?
it is really cool
tuzi stop fapping for two seconds ok
yeah
all your phys stats drop
which is a pain in the tush
like getting it for daisy. I didn't even touch her stats because I was just like. everything is p much already dropped
yeah. like. It's not a bad flaw. Going out of my comfort zone was fun. It's just. I was so stumped as to what to do with those stats
yeah i mean how else do you swear to scion's crotch bulge
i'd imagine he's uncut
I feel bad asking bow the specifics of Scion's dong though.
anti started it
like you can't even blame me today
i'm surprised everyone didn't turn to me at that insinuation.
Yeah. the flaw has it written like that. but it's. yeah. like a kid isn't going to be as strong as an adult, but like. three pips of brawn for an adult should be different than three pips in brawn for a kid.
i'm a little sleepy so i'm not sure if I'm making sense.
but yeah it should be on the GM end
a higher DC as opposed to a dropped stat
because I just felt like I couldn't mess with any of my stats because of the way the flaw is worded
like. there are kids who are good at running. they're not adult good but they're still good.
like i guess it should just be a sliding kind of. Idk
yeeep.
FIGHT ME
i'll get my step stool
):
at least my plight made felicia sad
oh
children are so strange
they can't tell the difference between their stomachs hurting because they're sick and their stomach hurting because they need to shit
they also like. Do the most dangerous things and don't give a fuck
they also like. Do the most dangerous things and don't give a fuck
div i'm too scared to drive.
i don't do dangerous stuff ):
look i'm a diva. doesn't mean i do dangerous stuff
Hey
Spelt I thought no internet
Eat it
Saff yes
Kinky
After my class jov
So like 1pm central.
Eat a brek
he's not roaming right now he's sleeping
a sleepy boar
it'd be really weird if i were your mom, tubes, considering i'm like four months younger than you
gross
hey cg
nm. feel crappo. how you
rip bel
my steam library is sad. I have like four games. Two of them are dating sims.
I have. Hunie Pop, magical diary, long live the queen, and don't starve/don't starve together.
that's my steam library.
it is
i've beat it a few times but I don't have every ending
i want to run more wd this week but i have to wait for mish on saturday
):
Working on it
like. Three arcs left, come on.
so yeah. one more party session, and then one session for each of the PCs. R I P me.
this has been a thicc arc
in circles
all the circles
Jov I'm on my way home but I'm gonna wash my hair super quick.
Aye aye
Up your ass
I uh. that wasn't for teller
also i'm ready jovial whenever you are
oh i'm popping your GM cherry. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing
Ugh restarting my computer
wow they were in high school from '65 to '97? that took a long time
oh my god
how long until evie fucking cracks
oh newbie? heya
Mmm. Dry memes
there are a few games going on right now if you want to watch
#WDsanraul is going on right now. Wellwick are you still running your thing in #Other?
apolline isn't going on right now, foss?
whoa whoa whoa there was an experiements 2?
LOGS
lol vale nice
How long before evie fucking breaks
lol vale you should have seen me try last night
Lost my voice to the gate.
so I had to go around and start tugging on people's sleeves
And I finished the test super early and they're all like "Oh you can't leave until you're done." and she just.
Internal screaming
oh i'm sorry I gave my words to the fucking truth
now I'm stuck gesturing because there's only one dude in central who knows sign language
WHY ARE YOU BEATING HIM UP
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/n5dPYpbh/
*Saff voice* Fullmetal alchemist. *Valence voice* FULLMETAL FUCK YOU
soon
hopefully
like holy shit i think evie is gonna snap
murder them all
less heroes in town means I have a better shot at getting big
I mean
no, don't kill them
that's not nice
i AM NOT KILLING ARTISAN
yeah lurks come on
millie wants some stronghold strongarming
ARTISAN DID NOTHING WRONG
):<
i think that the worst thing artisan did was build the wall
what the fuck just happened
VALE WTF
lol faust put me in coach i'll show em how it's done.
i didn't give a reason for why he put the wall up
just that he did
get... there are these drinks. I can't remember the brand right now but they have melatonin in them
drink half of one and you pass out like a fucking light
idk the one time it happened to me we got the seven hells fiasco which was fucking great
laughed my ass to the moon and back
the fuck are you doing anti
nick is it time for you to trigger?
anti's apparently dying?
gross. put it away spelt
mods mods sexual harassment
holy fuck you rolled a 100 wtf
):
not yet
rip
come watch the full mute-al alchemist
man anti that's savage
good job
they wanted to protect you and be nice to you and you killed them
I cannot believe.
anti you are mudering them
man though. Lily wants to fuck up andre the dragon, evie takes our undertow... man.
what did your parents do to you two to fuck you up so bad
OH MY GOD THERE'S BRAINS
why
fuck
Anti what the /fuck/ man
Man. I guess i'll just let evie make me cry.
I'm screaming this fight is so intense
like holy shit san raul always delivers with the fights
man. Fucking. mucking up this city. Who's gonna clean this shit, hm? Hm?
me.
Andre isn't my problem
Fuck.
the more Evie fucks shit up the more i'm worried she's going to make millie cry her eyes out.
D:
i don't think she can build anything for other people.
i'm p sure all her surgical knowledge only applies to self
Possibly?
That's a question I'd have to ask cg or anti
yeah but it's /her/ brain
Yeah, that's what I thought
evie what the fuck.
also pink jesus fuck XD
THEY WERE TEENAGERS
HOLY FUCK HOW MANY DID YOU KILL?
it was
of course this is thal's fault.
THAL STOP KILLING PEOPLE FOR TWO SECONDS
now you're stuck with me until you think about what you've done.
Dive anti's killing all of undertow
ANTI THIS ISN'T SPLATOON
):
napalm maw
they're not my friends, mishie.
Millie's only friend is Artisan.
'Friend'
she literally bust into his home and was like "Hey so I'm not fucking leaving."
Hey hey hey. I don't have lazer eyes yet
and only her dad loves her. Mom is a cunt.
i
man. that's brutal, ant
man. san raul fights are so good, but they're brutal. I want to get into one but at the same time i don't want to fuckin die
HA
roach
nice
i'm still very happy with that session quote.
"Open the door, I need ice cream."
ice cream.
night everyone
Morning
Hi dol
13.something
I'm working on itttt
good luck spelto
depends on the game, vak
my players don't going into sessions thinking they'll die
:)
Only Pit and Dust have killed.
and dust is feeling bad about it
Oh. wait. May killed too
thal already killed it's fine
and I killed you. :)
then why are you in my graveyard, spelt?
hm?
what I say goes, boyo.
I killed firlz too
:)
but yeah. I don't ever go into things saying "I might die this session"
even in the scarier sessions like a cwn one I go in with "I'm gonna avoid dying this session."
never give up, darlings.
that's saff's good advice for the day
vern shh
also there's a new AQ session on the indy sessions doc. :)
no pink
no coke orgies
just a bunch of quaffed up toddlers
also she gets ice cream.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DN95zeL548DmIaY87zAx5FFossD9yOcZRFb4TIE3OYQ/edit?usp=sharing
ice cream is essential to life
R U D E
i'm not od'ing
he was v upset when I did it the first time I don't want to upset him again
anyway, my stupid life choice for the moment is dating lionheart when I have to take out his gang
he knows
He's glad i'm doing normal 19 year old stuff
I just need to work to get shades laid
because jesus fuck. he's always on my ass about doing normal things or making friends my own age. He doesn't have any friends and he hasn't gotten laid since he was in college.
so my goal is to find my hottest teacher at school, sit in the class, and then fucking wail on some kid until she has to call a parent teacher conference.
and then just let the magic happen
Project: Get Shades Laid
SAFF YES
because jesus fuck. he's always on my ass about doing normal things or making friends my own age. He doesn't have any friends and he hasn't gotten laid since he was in college." Boo hoo. That's true for me, except I've never gotten laid, but you don't see me complaining.
Do you think he'd fucking use it? No. So I'm going the more direct route
but yeah. That's one of the goals on my sheet.
'Get shades laid.'
19
she never had drug addict teeth, spelt
That was pain train.
i feel like I have to go over this every day. She's super meticulous about her appearance. Makeup, designer clothes, keeping her hair looking nice.
No, non
she brushes her goddamn teeths
brush your teeth or you end up like pain train.
LYSA NO
):
I'm just a nice little merc
but
it mine
D:
man now i need to add a new goal
lysa pls i thought we were friendo
):
get an uglier wife
which would be v hard
zoom zoom
there's someone else now.
but yeah gl trying to catch shades
Yeppo
but she would /actually/ fucking destroy someone if they tried to hurt shades
Shades is the person she cares about the most. He's her /family./
so yeah if anyone fucked with him she would lose her goddamn shit
She was clean for a while until he got hurt. Then she relapsed because she couldn't handle i
8it
*it
he is
fuck I remember when anti sent me the interlude where Shades kills mala suerte and then calls cauldron and I was SCREAMING
like. I was so convinced that shades died in the explosion at the devils' base
and then anti gave me that and I was like FUUUUUUUCKKK
like. He rolled like a god. he /shouldn't/ have been able to kill Suerte.
lol that line is from back when i didn't know I was allowed to come in here if I didn't have a session.
i need a new goal fuuuckkk
i can't make drug
and i'm not allowed to find new drug shades will be maddo
we don't try new drug after the whole harmacist incident.
to be fair.
she probably shouldn't have bought drugs off of someone called the harmacist
but shades almost killed that man
okay. I picked a goal.
Morning, faust
thal usually doesn't get home until later this afternoon
but i'll be free tonight if thal is
:3
foss, thalia and I are dream team
very much so
and rosalie is dumb as bricks
i'm not killing thal
I don't want to kill thal i want to work with thal
Hello tello
Hey bow
Wb Fausto
what
Vag keeps disappearing. probs just best to axe him fosso
the draft had nothing to do with you, firlz
you weren't picked in the lottery
Weast, the lottery was for a place in WDIndianapolis, anti's newest campaign
oh nice
tubes try not to blow up
:)
same way? /nick [nickname]
aye aye
ahhahaha. Playing hypercompetent, shrinking violet Astrid at the same time as incompetent, loud rosalie. I'm gonna get whiplash. XD
(Not really. I just think it's funny)
sorry you lost your vag.
that is true. Lots of people want to play
just get a new one
man rosalie is a dumb bitch
A little, yeah.
pffft.
now that you mention it, yeah.
yeah she does.
Except instead of finding a time lord she's going to the nutso tinker with the whip
shut up spelt rose was best companion.
Poor martha got fucked by the writers. Martha was a go–okay, Cg.
sometimes you just gotta dump int
yeah
She's a fucking moron
tubes is from texas wouldn' the know
*wouldn't he
mmm. Would you like some jellied gasoline with your toast?
if you're spending six pages describing boob you're doing it wrong
oh look foss your vaeg is back
fucking christ rosalie is a moron.
I mean. Spelt did name his liverpool character Penis McDong.
okay vaeg if your connection is like that you might wanna try IRC cloud.
because you've bing bonged in and out like six times.
thal how fucking dumb does haiku think Rosalie is?
anti are you no longer organizing indy into arcs?
oh my god tubes. XD
i'm glad that i still start as session 1. I feel that's a position I have earned.
fuck u mishie
R U D E
man anti you're making me so hype for indy
like. we've still got two arcs left in cleveland don't get me this hype
oh
wow
gwyn better fucking live
since may 2015, lysa
no, lysa.
because anti has dangled a nice thing over my head like bacon
and yeah. gwyn is pretty much guaranteed to die in an endbringer attack if she survives cleveland
and mishie i'm not sure if i'm allowed to say
but it's gonna be good
no, faust
anti can i tellll??
damn. okay then. I'll just say it's gonna be good
but yeah the path that i'm pretty sure gwyn would walk is. Once mendez gets fired she'll be bounced around a few departments before they stick her somewhere unnumbered, and then she'll probably die in an endbringer fight.
Dunno which one. Don't think she has clearance for simurgh. Leviathan maybe. Don't think behemoth, and don't know if she'd last long enough/have clearance for Khonsu or tohu/bohu.
i just know a zizbombed Gwyn would be the literal worst
poor mendez
which endbringer do you suppose it would be, anti?
rip rip
R U D E
oh god why this
poor gwyn
damn thal that's a good deal.
braaiiiinnsss
ehhh
rip faust
Hey
oh really? What's the function
WHAT THAT'S SO COOL
i'm so upset
rip shark and squid
hm. it's listen Gwyn as 'Antioch's PC'
squid got turbofucked though
crit bash to the skull.
The hate
non and I team up. The hard and the hate
i'm just. not gonna fuck with evie.
heyo faust
I /think/ i know what's gonna happen in my next SR session.
ugh that's when millie hopes she just tries to destroy her spirit
HAVE TO RESTART MY FUCKING COMPUTER AGAINO
I'm on my phone
Because computer decided to throw a tantrum
pineapple falchion sarcophagus. That's a weird band name.
I got a really shitty bruise from a paintball
): Do not
D:
A paintball would smart but not give you an injury.
Though getting hit in the eye might be a minor wound.
Even I've been paint balling.
I went once for a friend's sweet sixteen.
Hey bel
rip
henlo weast
hey cg
oh there goes tubes
godspeed, my friend
I'm not evil.
I do a job
I read that wrong at first as "How well can you hear containment foam?" and I was like... it doesn't talk, Nick.
But Idk. I'd assume it'd be muffled?
It's porous enough to breathe through, but I would assume the material would dampen soundwaves
Gaaahhhh anti no more foam horror
containment foam freaks me the fuck out tbh
god damnit yesterday I was rolling like non and today i'm rolling like cg.
man anti is going to town with the indy
Are you still planning to finish cleve, anti?
it's a big club
yeah i'm gonna uh. Stay away from the body snatcher
excuse.
I'm not a malignant factor in the city though.
i haven't hurt anyone in town who didn't deserve the hurtin'
it is but don't touch i—RUDE
It's been three years
She's grown up
like. take AQ out of the equation. You do not want to fight shades
Like I will tell you right now. Don't do it. Because you will get your ass fucked.
i've already completed a goal
not /milestone/ worthy, but it was a goal
no!
The goal was to go on a successful date
and it was successful, despite Gryphon Rampant's interruption.
Guidance would have been a good choice too, dol.
oh i'm sorry. Sandwich girl.
I get them confused sometimes.
hey jov
how u
i'm sorry, jov
I know what that's like
anti where did you get all those hands?
well that means I still have my hands I guess
yum's running #ohdeer
hey tell
lysa
join #ohdeer
spelt do not be rude to yumgar
draw me like one of your french deer
night nicho.
*Nicko
back to the curse of the fours. I'll take it
i've always believed in dice magic, non
I'm a filthy superstitious italian.
I once yelled at my boss because he was going to open a display umbrella inside
I made him go outside, open it, and then come back inside.
And yes, thal
i'm very fucking expressive.
WHY
rip cashy
$join #Faust'sexperiments2
thanks cashy i guess
Ah
I'm sorry I pushed cashy for something she just wasn't ready for
I didn't mean to pressure you, cashy
i'm sorry.
Wow I'm horrible
only we get the shiny toys
anime what's that
Ok https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/SNgasEkx/IMG_4929.JPG
(sorry i just. Brut said that and I looked over at him and he was just. making that face I couldn't not.(
fucking fours
or should I say four-king fours
cashy doesn't work for me unless i swear at it.
Cashy darling you don't need to take my abuse
i just got a six for saying fuck.
shhhh shhh shhh non. I got a six because I said fuck to cashy.
i wish i hadn't gotten that six.
man that sucks. Now she's gonna have to do her homework herself.
She's used to doing things the easy way
Fuck this writing and theory shit i'm just gonna clap my hands together and alchemy
except instead of a sea witch it was god
steal shoes at the mall
oh come on. there's a whole group of rich white kids on tumblr stealing shit all the time.
night friends
hey
Yo spelt
you around tomorrow for me to kill you? I mean. What
grossssss
I'm probably not going to kill you. That'll get me in trouble.
but I can kick your ass a lil bi
bit
not a lil bi that's me
is there a gen?
what's the trigg?
nice
that's a little stormchaser's trigger, a little cwn annwn's. Interesting.
hecka
wow they're questioning my loyalty because i hang with the interpreter they assigned me? fuckin amestris.
And astrid is all about playing the game. head down. Work hard. get money to send back to her family.
hey. no one's shot at me.
i'm a good soldier.
become jealous of pretty wife
become pretty wife
please do not take my hair
bless u jov
van helsing is awesome. Anti's told me a little bit about him.
The indy NPCs are some good shit
hey bow
nick lives in colorado, not oklahoma.
Man does everyone in indy have a loved one they'd kill for?
):
dol i trusted u
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill. (at line 560)
she ran into my fist ten times.
oh my god
Tuzi you got the 37 times in the dick trigger.
betrayal.
Maybe a lil mover.
I like the idea of razor armor.
I am /def/ feeling alexandria package on this though
i'm moving to amefist
it's a new project, pink and lys
non is now a gremlin in armor who lives under the trigger bridge.
now I just need bel to roll the shark trigger
anti why this
wait a fucking second are dragon and armsmaster having weird android sex. (at line 51)
Morning
How everyone
There'll be Norwalk later
mishie
so am i killing spelt today?
start singing the song of his people to summon him.
spelt is bruce willis?
don't forget the cheesecake in that song, cg
see, nick's got it
morning fausto
I'm seeing some tink here
Maybe an illusions tinker?
^^
Cg sometimes I think you've bought real estate in my skull
yeah. not really feeling drones.
i'm trying to think of what the vector is. If we're going blastery, maybe tinker 'gun' that projects the illusions?
oh good you here
suit up mish
Go put food in your face you australian fuck
Game in #WDNorwalk come watch mishie get gay
dunno lys
fuck wits
dump wits dump soc
firlz?
Rip shark
non's right
blame spelt
he doesn't want me to wipe the floor with wink's ass. ):
it is, tell
it is
gimme 1 sec vag i'll ask anti.
vag he said "I can provide them.'
dol and I probably have the most sketches for character costumes
i can probably make an imgur album of mine if needed
1 mo
http://imgur.com/gallery/iLcuz
Kind of, pink?
if she overloads it flashes red until she recharges
I'm a fan of the bodysuit.
I haven't drawn Rosalie yet, but she's not really that much of a looker.
She looks kind of trashy all the time.
it's just. When I think superheroes I think bodysuits. So that's what I tend to draw
I like them
yeah. Shades wears basically a suit.
i have a drawing of him too but he's not really in costume so I didn't include it
dolyn designs cooler costumes than i do
AQ's costume is really the most creative one.
and that combines bodysuit with armor and a capelet.
and that's her /new/ costume. The old one was a bodysuit with tron lights
I can try I guess?
I should draw her old suit at some point
lysa, rosalie just wears fucking pants with juicy on the ass
it was a fun costume. I liked the tron lights
i just wish i had drawn audrey better. Her face looked demented.
So the poor girl could wear pants?
short bitch.
she doesn't look angry enough, non
but it's funny to watch nach beat the shit out of people who point it out
OH REALLY NON
i'm not four foot something smol, but i'm short enough that I can't buy pants in the normal section
lysa we're the same size
lysa if we piggy back we might be a normal person
thalia is a good person to shoulder ride
yeah
i'll find out mishie
no. Non wrote it
everything, spelt.
lol anti is in my living room sorting magic cards
i have like. three days this week and then i'll be going to visit my parents.
and I won't be on v much while i'm up north
so if you can't make it this week we might have to :/
(might have to npc you, that is.)
vol 4
ixi no one uses new gen anymore
astrid isn't discombobulated. She's just succumbing to the narrative of what's right vs. what her duty is.
anti stop coming up with cool cape names
what about rube coldberg? that's a good anti one too
Green Bat.
(Though I agree. Titz and Azz are great. I haven't read sicol but those names.)
CG are you getting typecast?
Ghetto G-sus is pretty good.
I'm trying to think of what my favorite npc cape name from norwalk is. And I keep coming back to fire bear because she's literally just a girl who uses fire and she dresses in a fucking bear kigurumi.
i've got a lot of shitty cape names though
god damn. I remember when AQ was named. I used it as a /joke/ to anti in a PM and he decided that that was her name.
HEY. fire bear is a good bitch
rip shark and squid
that was /rough/
awesome to watch, but damn.
they were just kids
miss hiss was great
I also liked Cat girl, dol.
Cat Girl was good.
she was a little girl, jov
I mean, thal. I'm gonna introduce a new gang to norwalk
and the girls are named after candy
Verdict is awesome
Amphetamine Queen is still my favorite.
though Killhand was a close second
because Killhand was picked with me, anti, and snowbird sitting around a table looking at poker terms on wikipedia and trying to pick something that didn't suck
and we ended up picking the shittiest names on the list
because we thought it was funny
Amefist is another one that I love, but Dol gave that one to me so I can't take credit
It is
(I also really love the name Synapse but I almost didn't pick it because I thought for sure it'd be taken)
well, it was because I was originally part of blackjack. So I needed a card name
Astroglia, thalia.
it's a type of neuron
yeah that's why i didn't pick it
I run all my cape names past thalia now
yeah exactly
thalia is my third grade class in this case
I can't remember who picked the name first, non
or if anti decided on it as a joke and I made the knuckle tattoo joke so we went with it
Three snake and windshield viper make my life
I love me some good snakes
I love snakes.
they're like. Good noodles.
whenever we go to petsmart to get food for bucky I make yum take me to the part with the snakes
Poor booty shorts
I was going to say "how has she not frozen?" but then i remembered. Pyrokinetic.
fuckin pyros being able to wear shorts and everyone looks at audrey weird for wearing flip flops
index is good.
though what were the pervy names we were trying to give you instead?
hand job
the love glove
i can punch a baby
guidance is a good name.
though she needs some guidance.
poor girl
AQ keeps that blog open in a tab on her computer so whenever leah posts she can comment "lame and gay"
internet troll Imogen Marshall.
i really kind of hope immy gets into a fist fight at school
which high school are you going to, pink?
ah. so anti hasn't said.
i know which one i'm going to. Leah is going to anothe
I can't remember if anansi is the same as Leah's or a different one all together
idk i just know i'm going to the one with most of the wards
i don't know how to play chess.
I didn't have /friends/ during those formative years.
I also don't know any of those playground hand games other than fuckin pattycake.
I did learn checkers though?
I didn't know any of the other ones though. The miss mary macks or the one where everyone sits in a circle and puts their hands on each other and you have to like. slap the next person?
I mean. 7Up is different
I was a beast at that game
because I'd fucking. whenever I was one of the ones that was up
I'd trick people into thinking i picked them by cracking a 'guilty' smile
and then be like OH SUCKER.
it did start as RP. my character in faust's thing is trying to play chess and I didn't know how
forget chess i'm just gonna talk about alchemy
Who needs chess i can make lightning
At least i'm not like anti's alchemist who gave everyone mercury poisoning like an asshole.
mercury makes you go loco too.
And this wasn't parahumans. This was faust running some fullmetal alchemist stuff
She is short. But yeah they're usually just like "Oh how quaint that a girl can be a state alchemist."
And she's like 'how quaint is it that I can fry you like an egg?'
Yeah. The Pfaff was the peak. The whole time I was like "This sleazeball is trying to try something, he's going to grab her ass. This is going to be bad.'
The thing about her being a mute though. She can get out all her snark and her interpreter is just like "Oh she says you're very welcoming."
yeah. the second pip kind of sucks
but teller. I have all these chips. I want to dip.
dol has it in norwalk
morning, fuckos and fuckettes
howdy
:-P
hi everyone
hi nick
anything interesting going on today?
Meg you're my favorite asshole.
I keep astrid's.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MqtXSbddVhtb79tq6TT09-aBdxDWPCcDRC-O6rkhn4/edit?usp=sharing
i'm sentimental.
hey dive
you were the one that did that, faust?
the fuck did you do, hotpants?
why are you in new jersey? Should I pray for you?
you might want to shower too...
logs for previous sessions
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MqtXSbddVhtb79tq6TT09-aBdxDWPCcDRC-O6rkhn4/edit?usp=sharing
yeah sure
ROLL IT
oh my god finally, faust
good job tally you're gonna die
non you worry me sometimes.
i don't know what's going on, but r u d e
i was making a joke, tally.
something something threat something.
oh hey tell
please don't kidnap rat boi
we protect rat boi
That's a fucking awesome name for a scorpion
holy fuck
morn
nm druz how u
(not to be a bitch but. #parahumans )
hey opt
shh jov. he's an engineer we're not meant to understand him
also anti, spelt? Apparently today is my last lab? So if either of you are free we could try to do that session tomorrow or wednesday? I could also probably do it on Thursday from the car but i don't know how much service i'll have when we drive though like. Bumfuck tennessee
Saturday i'll be in NYC all day.
my availability is going to go down between thursday and the... 9th of july i think it is? visiting my family.
ahahahaha. stimulant addiction
welcome to the fucking coke snorting club
heroin isn't a stimulant, druz
Coke, meth, speed, adderall, ritalin.
those are all stimulants
they do different things, though.
and dol you know why I know these things. :-P
i did a lot of research for AQ.
i don't fucking know.
i play one of the biggest druggie characters and i walk past a party and go "who brought a skunk?"
blitz is really only good if you can hit and run
movers use it best
ur a trigger
thank
Cull cull cull.
Yay
*ayyy
Angerey
Good luck Jov!
Spelt have you tried getting good? :-P
#WDApolline
Hey dol
R I P
I was just teasing spelt
I know.
Either kick his ass or kick him out
JOVIAL
):<
Fuck u Faust
Nick why are you such a bully
Why are you like this.
XD
norwalk when i finish mishie
and return from the frozen white north
nick, be as loud as you want. It's true
what
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/Tt5Zai9E/
he was in wreck it ralph.
idk
non knows all the tricks
man. there are some fucked up triggers.
that too
semi. it's a generic term for triggers caused by anaphylactic shock.
idk. half the triggers I end up writing turn tinker
ur an endbringer
thanks
anti once ran leviathan too. Wayyyyy back in the day. I don't think we were friends at that point.
yeah. Yum was a part of it.
I don't remember the specifics, since I've only heard from stories
i want to say it was brockton bay leviathan. but don't quote me on that. That's a question for yum or anti
faust is running FMA in #faust'sexperiments2
but that's not Wd
oh
#Faust'sExperiments2
apparently.
i mean. thal you'll go down in WD history for killing the fucking entire squad
apocrypha flawwww
tied to her know stat
"Hey lilith do you know what time it is?" ROLL= 1 "Time to die I guess."
every time you use 'pocketbook' faust. I think he's pulling out a purse.
I think my grandma uses the term "pocketbook" for purse.
I don't know if that's an actual thing it's called or if it's an italianism
i guess going back to the subject of endbringers in WD. Unless you're in the protectorate and/or it's a local attack. There's just. Not that much reason for PCs to go. Because that shit is scary and you can fucking die.
like. I only have... Mmm. One cape that would be okay against one endbringer?
Queen could maybe carry away injured people in a leviathan fight? but that's kind of stretching it.
that too
i don't want to do it
yeah. it happens sometimes. but like. you shouldn't go out of your way to kill people unless they're being assholes
and even then it's nicer to just be like "Hey this isn't working out."
Hey dol
And hey tuzi
And lol spelt you should have picked people with bias in the first place.
Like. I picked all my players by hand and I'm having a blast
I'm not really into the whole "make myself miserable so more people get to play" thing
Nice
No dol. I already knew I was letting you in
Eh.
You just have to herd yourself nick.
:-P
I only have one player I really need to herd.
well, yeah. Do you think I wanted to herd spelt and firlz all day?
(I killed them off as a joke, ixi)
(I had too much wine and they were sassing me so I killed them off)
they weren't in the game
you gotta get drunk first, spelt.
I'm a very nice drunk.
mishie is harder to schedule. I haven't killed him because I like him and it's not that big of a deal
he's willing to get up at odd times to make my schedule.
It's just that this week we're both leaving for vacation
that's because you picked proth, foss. XD
i don't want foss to pick me. I'm in a ton of games.
proth is proth
i'm one of a kind, darling.
R U D E
most people don't have the insane single mindedness to write 30k words for one character.
no, lys. I did
faust don't kill mish he's nice
do not beat up this gay angel
and that the department is underfunded
vortex is not a nice lady
Like when she graduated from the wards the protectorate was like 'um yeah no.'
and she is, jov
she's a hot mama. but she'll kill you and laugh.
she'll laugh the whole time
'Hey roland pay for this kid that isn't yours.'
there are also good moms
damian and lexi have good moms
I swear I don't have a thing against moms. I love my mom.
but peggy somerset loves her daughter and bakes her cakes and buys her nice socks and blankets because she keeps the house so cold.
Nah, spelt. if you see the other parents talking about her it's clear that she was a bitch
Jack's mom isn't a bitch. She's trying, she's just kind of misguided
She loves Jack but doesn't really connect with him the way she connects with her daughter.
some people are evil, spelt.
the only norwalk ward with a villainous seal of approval
During, spelt.
oh you're right, megs
no.
puppy was dead
i rolled for it
the puppy could have lived
i didn't WANT that to be the outcome, spelt.
i have a dog.
no, cashy is our god
i am but a humble priestess of cashy
I offer my fucks to her. And she blesses me.
sometimes.
i've been rolling a lot of fours lately.
eh. i'm not bothered by fours.
four is the basic DC i use.
Mmm masturbation.
dunno
nice
that was all bow, lys.
I'm sorry vale.
I didn't plan for a 10/10 booty okay
it just happened
I was like "Well mute should probably be 1 soc but she can communicate with sign language so that's kind of soc.'
and faust just slammed his hand down and goes '10/10 booty.'
i'm not complaining. That 10/10 booty got me a lot of places
i have photoshop open. I could put ursula's face on The Truth.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/nvvYpewG/what%20am%20i%20doing.png
NEVER
not happening for a bit, jygg
gotta finish mishie and he's on vacation and I leave for vacation on thursday
spending a week in CT with my family
lol yeah tubes.
that's your norwalk content, jygg. I'll just take a bunch of pictures of myself around town flipping y'all off.
lol spelt I went there last summer.
I don't need to go again for another like. Five years.
I'm gonna get motherfucking ice cream, though.
and i'm going to NYC for a day.
maybe i should take some pictures around for the campaign.
bring bucky out to the dog park where May was found.
on a leash, yeah.
even if he's off leash he literally dosn
*doesn't leave our feet
why?
i mean we had him off leash the entire time we did our engagement pics
he's a lap dog. So he doesn't go off exploring.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BTvIvT1gnXO/?taken-by=purplepoctopus
but yeah. Some pictures might be nice.
hey bo
night splet
Good night friends.
Ay
Lots to do today ahhhh.
Oh god I ducked up
Showed up to class. Door is locked.
No class today
Rip
Spelt don't quack at me only dol can do that.
Also are there any spots from my campaign that people want to see pictures of?
Because I'm gonna be in town
I'm not going to the aquarium this time. No money.
The admission is p steep. Not as bad as mystic's but it's still not something I can really swing this ear.
*year
Pfffttt
I know exactly how to break in too
But I don't have my old volunteer shirt anymore
Or khakis.
Hey cg! You're alive!!
hey dol
hey jov
i'm still tickled by that name
rude
heyo weast
AWOOO
mom's a bitch.
I ain't joining the wards
fuck that
Look. Look. I was the queen of "don't know when to quit"
I DON'T BANG EVERY NPC, THALIA.
rip
is this WD?
yeah but it kind o turned into firlz an tubes talking legal stuff?
i'm so sad. like. Undertow was just a bunch of nice kids and then anti fucking murdered two of them
what the fuck man
Anti murders a lot of people.
I mean.
yes I did
But they were hurting my feelings
i saw a post on tumblr today. Where it was like. An iron maiden but filled with hands instead.
and I immediately thought of badtouch
oh my god
Just spread around that her name is handjob
though I know anti mentioned that Lionheart is gonna ask about the giant bruises she has. "I don't know. I was strangled by like 500 disembodied hands."
hides the hickeys.
OUCH
like. Badtouch's power is just. squicky because ain't nobody wants that many hands running around on them
I wonder if they're clammy
Anti, does badtouch have clammy hands?
eh. doubt i'll run into her again.
i hope I don't at least
r i p
No?
i'm still surprised he let his sixteen year old daughter drive off with a boy with the intention at staying at his home.
I was waiting for that to blow up and he was like "Okay I guess?"
oh
is that because she pulled the "You wish I would have died" card?
tubes do you live at the bar
like i just imagine you as a beer bottle with sunglasses and a frat t shirt
millie has a crush
I still want the WD big brother house
THALIA NO
rip
i think he just went to the bar
because he was waiting for you
((Are you gonna try for the fuckle?)) (at line 592)
STOP THAL
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill. (at line 560)
FAUST
pfft you didn't have Astrid roll strongarm. is it because 10/10 mute booty
pffttt
I did like it.
i can't believe she took the gear i'm so tilted. like. holy fuck that's everything. the jacket could be rebuilt with enough work. But the suit? nah
i can't kill my mother, thal.
note: Never leave bags unattended in San Raul.
I should have left them in the lab tbh
Millie's jacket x Hops' bike otp
that's how I get my motor cycle
man. I haven't even debuted as a hero yet and shit's getting real.
"No i'm not going to get hurt." "TWO MEMBERS OF UNDERTOW IN CRITICAL CONDITION"
"maybe I should uh. Watch movies and hide like Artisan."
Nah. She'll be back to her normal self soon. she's just a little shaken up from the fight with her mom
Y'ALL
i should have never divulged that story
lurks, long story short. When I was seventeen I asked the guy I liked if we could go to his place and watch the lion king. I assumed that he would know that you know. Going ot his house. Where he lived alone. Was enough of a code.
and I spent half the movie trying to get him to realize that I wanted to frickle frack with him.
and thal and CG though this was hilarious.
STOP
i was seventeen. We didn't even frickle frackle.
So yeah. That's the reason why thal and CG said that artisan and Millie should watch lion king. You now know my shame.
they're going to watch scary movies and then millie will be up all night.
Morning
Yes. Mourning.
Gonna spend all day in a car today.
Nice
I'm just going to CT and NYC.
Gonna eat so much good food that I didn't have to cook
Anyway. Final exam time
I think I passed my physics final!
Now I gotta go pack up all my things and get in the car for eight hours.
Yep!!
Eight hours today, eight hours tomorrow
Hi som and cg
*dol
I can type
Dive cock. Good morn
How y'all
Haven't left yet
Took my final and now we're loading the car
Yeah
We leave today and we'll get there tomorrow.
Saturday is NYC. Rest of the week is in Norwalk.
My family isn't ungrateful?
My family is awesome.
Thanks cg
Hey tell. Having a good time?
I'd rather speak moose
No megafire isn't online
:$
Why did you give drugs to scooby
U
I'm at the hotel. Anything interesting happen
No spelt I see my mom tomorrow
Depends. Lots of flavors
My San Raul cape is tinker/thinker/brute. But she's cauldron so I don't know if you'd count that
Night amigos
Hey
I am in the middle of nowhere.
Heyo
Hey
Has there been a tinker named tinker bell?
Ba dum tish
Speltspin. Heh
Rude
I've been in the car for two days give me some slack
We've hit CT though.
#WDtraffic https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/9ObpcO0b/1498862584.JPG
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/JJRvCfUm/1498863095.JPG
Norwalk high for my high school players.
I told y'all.
ugh i'm finally parked for th night. what's going on
oh good luck teller
rip CG he was a good
Hey mego
Nm
Going to NYC today
You?
Rip cayo
Heyo
Heck
Yeah
Hey anti
Please remove my legs
Give me tinker legs
But minus the bombs
I walked so much.
And you don't need to be a surgeon to remove legs
Just get a hacksaw
Correct.
I'm running Norwalk tomorrow
Lysa stop stealing peoples parts
anti sees all
u
maybe the real face
was the one you had all along
There are like. At least ten skeletons in this house right now
like I don't want to scare you
but that's the situation.
the skeletons is my family
i need to take my legs off
thnx
Nah, I don't drive. They hurt because I was in NYC today
And according to my fitbit I walked 5.7 miles today.
so yeah that's why my leggies hurt
I wish I had a more definite schedule for this week though. I'd like to run some norwalk when i'm actually in norwalk.
I'm doing faust tomorrow but that's because i have to watch my parents' dogs
dog, yes
The only thing is that the campaign takes place in the winter. and this town really only gets okay in the summer.
so I'm inspired by all of these things, yeah? but they're not open at the time of the campaign
because it's too fucking cold.
yeah. i'm going to bug my mom in a hot moment if she decides she wants to come upstairs
i can't go downstairs because I have bucky corralled in my old bedroom.
bucky isn't the problem. It's my parents' dog, penny.
she'll play with him and play with him and then decide "nah fuck you i'm gonna try to rip your throat out."
oh. so just us and buck?
nah he's trying to sit on my hard drive
you just want him to destroy my computer so I'll stop stealing your trophies.
Heyo
Haha. The same as always. There's not much to do and I always get stuck watching dogs.
There was something I thought I should include while we were driving in but now I can't remember what it was in the slightest.
Lol druz I don't swim.
And My campaign takes place in winter
Good luck swimming
I can't swim
Hey bo
i didn't have a pool growing up.
I swear
that fucked me up so bad
I was like "Okay this is going okay" and then
POP
lysa. Pain train took out her fake teeth to go down on AQ
yeah. Don't steal anything from the crystal kings because you'll end up with meth teeth and an STD
if you touch lionheart AQ will pound you into jelly
do not hurt him he's so pure
so my week might be more free than I thought.
Working on it, vern
spelt go home
Flawless victory. Fatality.
AQ would be fun to use in a fighting game.
spam fly and dive.
PHO thread: Is Pit Bull a Misogynist?????
sorry mom pulled me away for a second.
hey tello
Blood sista was like. 18 I think
Young, but not innocent
she's so stupid.
it's so hard to play someone actually moronic.
r u d e
putting someone without a proper license in the driver's seat of a large truck. Good diea
HITTING SOMEONE WITH A TRUCK HELL YEAH HELL YEAH
I'm v pleased
playing a dumb character is. Frustrating but none of my other characters would be stupid enough to steal an entire tractor trailer and hit someone with it
Faust, turn. I'm grabbing ice cream. Be back in like 20 min
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/hmYvgY0V/IMG_4952.JPG
It's not a great pic because I forgot it was coming up
But there's partners
Pit bull's bar of choice.
I didn't design it
I've never actually been inside
We drove past
O.O
He's a good boy, jov.
Nat suggested that
Sorry that took a mo Faust and turn. Brother wanted me to race him
Shh spelt
Fuck social rolls
Like. Give me a convincing argument.
Like. Social rolls are good for gaining information.
I'm not making someone roll social to convince someone
Convince them with words
Not with arbitrary rng
That's my style. It's what I wrote out on the front of my doc
I want good story and good rp.
It doesn't make sense for you to say something stupid, make a social roll, get a six, and pass the encounter to me
I liked how cg did it during my conversation with artisan
Where the social rolls were to glean more information
Like I failed almost every social roll but still "won" the conversation because I said the right things.
Ur a social roll
"Cassette I like miracle whip more than mayo."
New sitcom: Everyone loves Hana
go to sleep tubes
go to sleep
go to sleep little tubesy
jov don't give away my plans
i thought we were friends
I'm glad you had fun! It was a good one
Night everyone
Morn
Mm
*nm
Hey mego
New Norwalk log up
It's a good one
Tubes going tubing.
Oh, meg?
She was not entity
Entity is the hostess at tequila mockingbird.
There's more to her power than that.
It's actually really cool
YOURE NOT MY REAL MOM MR. OWENS
you can't even dad your own kid
Right? Maury is in Stamford. Call him
I'd laugh my ass off if I had to run a Maury session
I'm a Scorpio.
So is anti
I didn't pick what time of the year I was born
Hell yeah mega
This is gonna cause a lot of ripple though
Oh. That makes me happy
Which ones are you reading?
She got it fixed.
And yeah I really like the Indy ones. Immy is gonna have a good arc. I'm excited.
She completed her antibiotic regimen.
Anti and I actually did the research
FUCK QUAFF
I fucking.
Quaff makes things so hard
Not like THAT MISHIE
you pervert.
And no iri. That's Fistress
Bad touch is a completely different cape
Mr. Sandman. Man me a sand.
Rip
R I p
hello
thanks vale
Her soc 3 breakdown. 1 Soc for existing. 1 for Tits, 1 for ass.
she's a mute and i gave her soc three without thinking
Hey
What up
Ayyy
what was the trigger?
hey teller
rip that soc roll
teller i'm starting to wonder if you programmed the bot to kill CG
yep
CG always rolls p bad
well developed and en masse don't seem like they'd mesh
idk. i have my own method
same
he needs all the bling.
night friendos
Morn
i can fix that, foss
anti wtf
i'm getting jealous. like. I know i've had three indy sessions but these fights are making me want more AQ
I want to go ham. But the elite wants me to go to high school.
i'm gonna fucking beat some girl's face in most likely
the plan is. Find the class with the hottest single female teacher. Then immediately pick a fight with someone. Pound their face in. Get called in for the parent teacher conference. Hey shades here you go pls get laid
USA USA USA
I was about to make a joke but then I realized this isn't tumblr I can't just say that i'm going to shove an entire bald eagle up someone's ass
USA
tubes on a scale of one to dead how drunk are you going to get tonight
tubes just is alcohol
i have zero chill does that mean i'm pRT?
oh. darn
I feel like I should send cookies to teller to try to keep him from turbojailing me in indy
oh no
cookies do not soothe the teller soul.
rip spelt
oh yay
'Reeeeee'
get good, spelt.
Rude
Morning jov
Go home spelt
Smear on pavement
Oh
You can beat up the crystal kings
Just don't get the clap
WXCUSE
I FICED THAT
FIXED
hi hebi are you new
$welcome hebi
 I finally got to use that function
I've never even heard of that person.
It is!!!
We have a lot of fun here
Oh
Lol shows how much I pay attention to the fandom
I run my game and play in games and that's about it
I had only gmed some shitty 3.5 before I ran WD
Wellwick is awesome.
And I like you too lysa
Am I a big name?
O.O
Oh god you're gonna make me blush
I try?
Irccloud has an app
True
I'm also a huge diva haha.
I also start Indy too now
AQ is love AQ is life
Please no
It's mine
Oh thanks gord.
Oh god you're gonna make me blush" if it helps, Saff, to me you're still the person who was almost never around.
<3
I did leave a few times
So you're not inaccurate
Wb
It's a little confusing if you don't know what you're doing
I uh.
Yeah I'm p sure that's right?
Never, lysa
Rip
Oh a ghost
Depending on when you want to run, az. I'm an experienced player and I don't mind running gms through the gauntlet
I'm still on vacay though
Ur a snake
I'd read logs first, heb
#WDCleveland is good. I run #wdnorwalk
#wdsicolbend is popular
A
#WDSanRaul is a favorite of mine
God I can't type today
\o/
Of sessions.
https://goo.gl/g4X9MH
Those are Norwalk ones
Mostly you go the game channel and they're in the topic
I can get you more when I'm not on a phone
https://goo.gl/v9S02p
https://goo.gl/79kK5G
San Raul is a good one to start with.
It's so good
I have the FMA logs
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MqtXSbddVhtb79tq6TT09-aBdxDWPCcDRC-O6rkhn4
Most games aren't ATM.
You've got to stand around and get lucky
Ur a proper game
Spelt thinks he's cool
Anti is alive
Anti fixed it
You've got to summon him
Thanks spelt
I ate too much sacrificing me was the kindness.
Yeah it's really just megacity I think
Norwalk's queue is "aha hahahaha no chance."
Sicol is a year wait at least
San Raul closed a bit ago I think
Indy locked
Yeah.
Unless you make cookies.
True.
I cheated
Yeah. Well is awesome
Basically throw yourself into things
I basically genned an entire setting because I was pissed off and then picked players and decided to run it
I read the rule book like once.
That's the best way to get me to do things. Get me angry first.
I created an entire WD setting after a bad test. When I saw incorrect Latin I made a whole mess of transmutation circles.
HE ALREADY DOES
It was just.
It was so bad.
That professor was the worst
And he kept interrupting us
So I got home and I needed to get creative
also Vern bullied me a little too
He is
So yeah
That's how Norwalk happened.
Who needs experience
Don't let anyone tell you you need experience
You did good job
lol I never mechanics
Wb Athena.
At least it wasn't jersey.
Jesus queen
Yeah I thought you were talking about ne
Please don't throw shades
He is dad
Immy doesn't do meth!!!!
she already did that
and while shades is more fragile he can heal himself faster
spelt you're not even in indy
ayyyy
yeah faust. anti's running me thurdsay i think
and yeah heb
#WDindianapolis
https://goo.gl/g1tEKM
these are the sessions thus far
bots are people too
fuckn. I'll do it, anti
fuck quaff
quaff gives you temporary powers
but there's only one copy of each flavor
my personal favorite is Quaffee
):
morning
yes it's a me
saffio
hey bow
hey dol how u
hi citrus, are you new?
$welcome Citrus
Nice.
how willing would you be to give up a kidney?
look, it's a good resume. But this is for an entry level position. You need at least ten years of experience and the willingness to give up a kidney to the good of the WD
it's a lot of being patient and a little of making people like you
\o/
IXI
excuse
give me back my extra F
Am I the only one who doesn't mind the pings?
kill everyone, cg. then take all the money. no more work
and you have all the money
also a warrant for your arrest
but that's fine we can change your name and hide you somewhere probably
spelt you spend a lot of time telling me no
and not a lot of time considering the brilliance behind my plans
Hello tello
Wb citrus
All you independent heroes
Y'all gonna die bad
And I am going to live
ME
Foss go to bed
Nah they came in 2012
They have not shown up in the continuity of Indy.
Khonsu has.
But not Toby / body
Tony/bony
I
PHONE
the endbringers, tony and bony
GM is like. 2013 I thought?
I can't remember the timeline tbh
The endbringers mapo tofu -yum
Rude spelt
Hey vale
Eh. How you
Oh dear
Sit down friends I have some pics from STEW LEONARDS aka where kian fought firebear and got ditched by his friends.
imgur.com/a/CiQGs
NO
R U D E
why are you scared of my main man the dairy squad
rip
and then she'll steal your face
I'm drunk Vern rude
oh
Rip
Norwalk is freak
*great
Spelt go to bed
Norwalk: why doesn't Vortex have a kill order?
Speltnis the only one upset by it
Yeah
Kill orders barely ever go out
And all kill orders have to go through bel
I haven't even asked him about grenade
Yeah just foam
Thal isn't allowed real grenage.
Foam is fucked up
Faust don't take her arm
No real grenades
Puddles????
Douche means wash
Ugh.
Un cafe sil vous plait
hello ori
^ bug lady is a good
mishie u trash
van is a good bug lady.
he got a trigger i wrote and he's done it justice
rip daisy she was so yung
maddy
thank
thank you van
protect my corpse
you can adopt my corpse
dress it up
keep it in the house
i need to sleep
ngiht friends
Morning
Nah
today's the last day so eh
hey citrus
wb
ah.
i'm trying to think if there's anything scheduled today. Anti was supposed to do cleveland with me today but dunno if that's still gonna happen.
is anyone else planning on running stuff today or are y'all asleep?
morning spelto
O.O
Pink. look man. Look. there's a point where you make the rest of us look bad
"Oh I just had four wisdom teeth out sure let's play detroit."
and I'm like "well a squirrel looked at me the wrong way and I've fallen into a pit of despair. no norwalk today."
also for those that missed classic norwalk pics. http://imgur.com/a/CiQGs
hey cg
okay. how u
oh shit oh shit.
who's gonna be slamming, cg?
or is that spoilers?
i don't have any of my gear
because MOM STOLE IT
"Hello yes police i'd like to report a theft my mom took my cool superhero shit"
are you talking in game or irl?
*Marlin voice* "HAVE YOU SEEN MY WIFE"
like I get you're upset about your missing wife and everything but like
my mom stole all my gear
Mooooooom you're ruining my liiiifffeeeee
like. I can build a new and better jacket in a few hours probs but like. MY SUPERSUIT.
IN HER CAR
or maybe she fucking threw it in the alleyway with hops' bike
lexi's mom isn't a bitch
technically jack's mom isn't a bitch she's just a little misguided
Damian's mom is nice
it's just may's mom that's a cuntbucket with fries
i said May's mom, not  millie's.
nah.
may's mom is the worst
she deserved the grafitti
D:
Yet
if millie dies i think that would fuck up artisan even more. So i'm gonna try to refrain
pffft. I can fix that
who needs brains
i have technology
the prt gets turbocorrupted
too bad
abominations like yourself can't be choosers
hey vern
I called him an abomination because he's not a person anymore
oh sorry
he wasn't pulling it
so someone had to
nuh uh, dol
r i p
):<
kick spelt instead
at least we have hush as a new offshoot
since she fuckin didn't read all the "DO NOT ENTER" signs
it was, anti
because pierce was wearing a red sox hat and index was like "Cool hat but the bucklers are better."
yeah. Cleveland is a month before p much and norwalk is a month after
yeah i think pueblo and norwalk are at the same time
oh that was sykkia? nice
don't talk shit about butler.
*Buckler
I'll fight you
I'll fucking fight you all
HE WAS GOOD
rude
i don't fuck with anti
oh hey faust.
everyone fuck with ignatius.
people broke a lot
thanks
oh dear. Same schoo.
hopefully you won't be the person that gets punched in the face
drips drips drips
but yeah immy isn't really 'going to school' so much as showing up every so often and trying to find a ward
STOPPPPP
I DIDN'T MEAN TO
leah is lame and gay
SHE ALREADY FIXED THE CLAP
It's not /that/ long of an antibiotic course
D:
Yeah
just got to shove someone into the orgy
I"m NOT GOING AGAIN
immy has a gentleman caller now
she doesn't need an orgy
maybe you shouldn't be such a shit, cg
true
's why Immy never joined
oh you mean. iced out like covered in bling
i thought you meant iced out like
drugs
wards are lame wards are lame
hey jov
how u
nice
hiding
because family
no
hey vale
u don it
go home spelt
oh shit y'all. new season of degrassi drops tomorrow. get ready for fodder for norwalk.
i think emma was the only one that got an STD. I can't think of any others.
but yeah there were a few people that got shot
it wasn't just jimmy
who, brut?
anti wants to know if i can kill you
oh, drew, right?
don't get too hype.
are we going now?
gwyn is captain blueball
there are several ways this can end, spelto.
and i'll try, thal.
dunno if valiant will let me take a souvenir
he and topaz might be like "hey no cwn you can't take his heart."
lol since when does everyone root for spelt
<3
your girlfriend is so good
you had to blow yourself up, dol
):
;)
hey tuz
hops hops hops
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
RIGHT?
like
i was so mad
Lock tried to fuck him over
and i just flashed my tidds and i got brande d
Yeah
Yeah
Hey spelt did you know you can PM people?
Yeah well I keep getting pings.
Because I'm on mobile
And I set it to notifications for the channel
Because otherwise I won't see
I can't change my settings on mobile I don't think
Either way. I'll still miss posts if I do that
Ok. Then you'll get in trouble for killing a protectorate hero
Good job bud
Ok
\o/
I see all
Yeah that's how WD typically is
The Cleveland session right now is an anomaly.
Wink stop trying to bone Avalon. :-P
Groooosssss
Rip
Duck boxkcars is gonna fuck my shit
Spelt r u alive?
L o l
Yeah. Millie needs brains.
Intact dead brains.
Yeah
That's a thing she probably will never find out.
YOU FUCKING FOAMED ME
YOU COCK
SPELT IM GONNA SHIT ON EVERYTHING YOU LOVE
THATLL MAKE MY COCOON SMALLER TUZI
I'm already in a cocoon.
Because I couldn't run away from Wink
So I blocked line of sight and protected from gunshots
I CANT WALK THROUGH THE RENDS
Lol spelt has already decided he won this I'm not giving him the satisfaction.
That's coldhand's move
but like I did the only thing I could because spelt is actively blocking every other fucking option I have
So yeah I took the boring route but it was my only thing
Unless I want to get shot
I'm suicidal half the time and I still don't want to get shot
Brb dinner
Back
no?
I'm back
I literally said "Back"
rip
you wouldn't have gotten foamed if you didn't try to SHOOT THE GRENADE OUT OF THE AIR
now we're both sticky
did it?
i was trying to read while at a softball game
and the other team was fucking screaming at everything
yeah
i'm bummed too. san raul is always a delight to watch
i'll be traveling tomorrow too.
after sunday i should be good though?
i don't have labs anymore so i have more time
thanks for running ant
i'm excited to see what happens with norwalk because some shit's fucked
and y'all don't even know
night anto
i can't stand the word 'cuck' though.
night friendos
Morning lysa
On the road today
Eh
Rip
I need a nap
Nm iri. In the car
Nice
So yum and I planned how arc five of Norwalk is gonna open
So get hype
Shit is gonna get so goo
And Vern I'm in the car rn I'll try when we get to the hotel
I thought he did as well
Idk though
I haven't paid attention
I've been a little preoccupied the past few days
Boooooo
Get out!!!
Hey cg
FUCKIN QUAFF
San Raul!
San Raul is shorter though
and it's v good
https://goo.gl/79kK5G
I can't recommend my own campain, dol
*campaign
I can type i swear
yeah i've been here
I show up more than you nerdo
Gimme one mo, heb
https://goo.gl/g4X9MH Norwalk
https://goo.gl/v9S02p Cleveland
Norwalk is shorter than celveland
*cleveland
I SWEAR I CAN TYPE
I'm in a hotel
and this time i'm not drunk
I can't even get drunk. Yum has the car which has my wine. ):
Motorcity is detroit. Megacity is an AU
Yumgar ran one IRL. but obvs there's no logs for that
Cleveland is amazing. It's just long and I know anti hesitates to recommend it to newbies. If you want prime anti, read indy
fuck i'm gonna have to narrative-ize all the new immy material aren't I? I set a precedent.
tru
tbh I kind of want to write her call from the clinic. Because I'm a piece of shit who likes breaking this poor girl
the indy stuff, dol
fuck i cannot get comfortable on this goddamn bed
Nah it's more the pillows are flat so I can't sit right
i'm not trying to sleep
i'm trying to chat and watch motherfucking degrassi
nice but #Cooking
vern why are you still up?
go to bed
go home panda u drunk
i mean he is
but what makes you say that
that's pretty nice
St. Teller of IRC
hey cg
so many tab
oh dear
sorry proth you'll never be back
foss you have to ask people before you grab them by things
you could have hurt spelt.
excuse
do not threaten my son i will actually kill anyone he's my baby
foss maybe u need a nap
i'm a chihuahua with a kitchen knife. come at me.
i'm gonna go to bed. more driving tomorrow. -_- night
Morning
On the road
Morning heb
Oh that's awesome, lys
Can you PM me that please
Meg did you get my $tell?
Ace
I'll check when I'm not on my phone
Not you proth
I've got the next arc planned out, meg. Shits gonna be crazy
You're gonna be busy
Thal you're gonna see some action that's not pussy
Hehehe
Home yay
hi lysa
nick, did you get the link for the next round of norwalk signups????
i figured that was the case for you
i just haven't heard anything from nick
no, op. it's for my players to sign up for their sessions
I schedule all my things using a document
's how I blow through my arcs so fast
Norwalk is currently not accepting anyone.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vZXFcYHro0TMsDODA16GEBiQuVk_cv3FEzYUmDOKhRQ/edit?usp=sharing just as an example. For my GM friends.
bork bork
she'd try
depends if she lives
rip kumi
should i queue up taps?
it's CG and I that don't like it
idk why the word rubs me the wrong way
I think it's me associating it with certain people who use the word? idk
I know some people that use it all the time and i'm like "Okay can we pick another word to call people you don't like?"
get creative.
so thanks to lysa i now have a shiny new PHO page for norwalk
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V8C9UxNSuoL9ygleKpRY20XIegxlAir0X1ORZYok6II/edit?usp=sharing
it's not a real link, faust
the others are
:)
oh man i'll fix it. Thanks faust
go home mars u drunk
is kumi dead???
div there was one rule
DON'T GO IN THE MUTANT HOLE
and what did you do?
now you've got a cool bug jaw
does hush have firlz's wits stat?
u spooky
thal i need a dirty joke here.
CG is a temptress
luring you in
you're already mutated and your sister'll hate you
yeah go back in and get siege out
or at least get buckler's corpse so artisan can let him down one last time.
boing boing boing
my money is on hops
gah i hope so
the crucible is like. the coolest part of san raul.
fuck you anti you killed two kids
D:
pls no
please do not harm artisan he just wants to make omelette and jerk it in peace
i haven't even taught him the wonders of 3D girls
yeah
special sauce.
kill
Hey thal
me
Hey mego
hey anti
Yeah I think nick died.
Yeah I think nick died." Vengeance for killing Serk.
D:
Who's on the list?
Evie I assume. Hops? Hush too? And the hare?
Do you think artisan has ever put his dingle in anything made of flesh?
I realized that too late
Wait is that confirmation that artisan has swiped his v card
I mean soma's local character made his wife into a waifu
synapse is gonna do stuff.
it's just at the moment she doesn't have any of her shit
because her mom probably threw it into the bike hol
millie isn't gonna kill her mom!
millie would not go into the mutant hole unless someone seriously tricked her
oh nick's alive!
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vZXFcYHro0TMsDODA16GEBiQuVk_cv3FEzYUmDOKhRQ/edit?usp=sharing Nick it's that time again
oh
we were worried you were dead
that's close enough to dead
okay
hm. I was going to say that we could skip you if we needed to. but kian just had a huge character dev thing so I don't particularly want to miss the day after that.
Hi friends
Oh SR today?
Holy shit
Ah nice
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EARMuRAW8Q15k0B8lecFnKILbIJATY-nPF5SuW1Ymas/edit?usp=sharing
here friends
go
Oh fuck
working on it
i didn't sleep last night
it's fixed
saturday
where is tubes i need biscuit_tan
$welcome Freeboota
 how is everyone
yay
ur a power
i got into san raul with cookies
poor hush
also posting this again. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EARMuRAW8Q15k0B8lecFnKILbIJATY-nPF5SuW1Ymas/edit?usp=sharing
Kali is kind of a bjtch.
"Shouldn't have gone into the mutant hole you stupid cunt
Vale you beautiful pervert you
SPELT
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EARMuRAW8Q15k0B8lecFnKILbIJATY-nPF5SuW1Ymas/edit?usp=sharing shitpost
rude
Hey anti
I'm not
I'm cooler
I mean
Lysa ilu
thanks mom
<3
no, this is threatening.
:)
excuse, spelt.
lysa's gonna dieeee
everything
indy, iri
wait tubes you're alive
i need your shitposting skills
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EARMuRAW8Q15k0B8lecFnKILbIJATY-nPF5SuW1Ymas/edit?usp=sharing here tubes
shit all over it
yes div
tubes is A+ shitter tho
yeah don't be me or thal
just breathe u ok
\o/
u don it
immy just falls for boys she shouldn't fall for
"Am i a boy? Am I a girl? Are we human, or are we dancer?"
:)
gotta climb to the top of the social ladder, pink.
it's nothing personal.
she hasn't really done anything to warrant dying?
Mmm. In a way.
she also dedicates a lot to training, though.
She's serious about her job.
): rip
poor andre
s u b m i t
night friends
Hello
Hey
good morning friends.
hey nicko
dollo dollo bills
oh hey cg
we still on for index today?
oh hon hon baguette
excuse me i'm not a bastard i know who my father was.
i think foss just called my mother a whore.
no
I posted pictures, foss
I posted a lot.
STEWS IS FINE
R U D E
thanks athena. :)
but yeah i don't really want to talk about my trip.
FB is bi.
though at the moment she's seeing a man
lolololol
Norwalk isnt that small
Like. There were people in my graduating class who I had never seen before
And there's still a whole other high school
i am home, coldgold
now's good
that's a good one
TIL in Russia you just shove the fucking vodka bottle up your ass
No more dead child triggers pls
): but snek is so good
poor puppy
thal wrote a harambe trigger
No more dead child triggers pls" It's been like five hundred years since there's been a dead child trigger.
does that mean we bring back the peanut triggers too?
Stupid are bad.
Damian was a religious trigger too
every day in norwalk is like christmas. But when you open the box it's not an iPhone it's a dead kid
^^^
a head
Ye
you two can talk back and forth
I'll ... if i need to interrupt
yep
clair is faceless sorry i lied to everyone
faust oh my god i'm laughing so hard
pit bull is actually the hero we all deserved
you don't even know. when faust killed kate i was just like shhhhiiiiiiiiiiittt
and i was scrambling trying to figure out what to do. Which led to yum and I brainstorming on the drive back to alabama. So arc 5 is gonna be fucking intense
pit bull is playing the game smart, spelt.
and he didn't /know/
faust didn't figure it out until after he already killed kate
thal you forgot how your gf triggered?
true
it was poison
fuck CG you're making me want to run the sunday now
fuck i was just gonna skip it but fuuuuckk
GIVING ME IDEAS
god damn you people making me want to run shit
Hey jov!
or I could, spelt.
because index and pit bull is something that i've been wanting to see since index was made
let me have my GM wish fulfillment, spelt.
you fuckers.
oh hey I was just in NYC
go to the cock and bull if you like chicken pot pie.
i don't remember where it is, though. we passed it on our way to grand central
the mac and cheese was banging too
but we only walked in initially because it had cock in the name and i couldn't stop laughing
anyway yes
so arc 5 is gonna be AWESOME
yum and I planned it.
i'm really happy with how things are going
tbh i'm in a p goo place right now
bork bork bork
rocky doesn't shed anymore, tho
you did
faust killed a faceless
oh shit oh shit
like y'all i'm the GM
and i'm screaming right now
this is so good
\o/
I'M HAVING SO MUCH FUN
like this is like. what I GM for
these momens
moments
the OH SHIT
moments
sorry i'm having trouble typing i did my nails today
they're falsies that my grandma gave me. so they're like. a teal ombre with cherry blossoms on them. They're p rad
I love intrigue sessions
's why I love running mega so much
snaps to your tech
good job you hit the nice officer with the shit your pants beam
it's just easiest for me to call it a shit your pants beam
B A M B O O Z L E
fuck i'm so excited
i just let anti do my tinkers for me
i outsource my work
anti is our god
i say as he's covering my kitchen table with magic cards
there are too many magic cards in my house
someone save me
i don't even play the game
i just like opening packs
faust do not rip his face off
they're not my cards
they're yum's.
but i have better luck with magic so I open his packs
it's the herp
maybe the real cancer was the friends we made along the way
at least this time index hasn't gone to the bathroom
$power flaw 63
index
what about RUIN
thal and i play ruin without having it
he didn't need a dick
he wasn't using it right
night splet
index drops dead of malnutrition
pit bull is ultimate dad
thanks for dropping in, faust
and thanks for playing, CG!
it was a blast
holy shit
norwalk's past 300k
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11aqCVCpRT7IX4GSRP8iqsyBi2FVJa0xOQ_ChpoxZxCo/edit?usp=sharing
oh right i forgot he cameoed
Night friends
Hey sol
Sol
SOL
DOL
ducking phone
On my way to my test.
Will run you around like 2CST if that's okay
Thanks dol.
Or you're like me and you say FUCK ROLLS
Hey well
Rip
Hey mega
Thanks meg
#WDNorwalk starting now
i think i'm doing cleveland tomorrow, nick
ye
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vZXFcYHro0TMsDODA16GEBiQuVk_cv3FEzYUmDOKhRQ/edit?usp=sharing
fuck meg uh
i'm gonna have to reschedule your session i think
i forgot i have a hair appointment on saturday
and i don't know how long it's gonna take
i'm so so sorry
what
i mean. getting my hair done is fine considering i like looking pretty
I may be hit with the depression stick but i'm still a vain bitch
Hey tuzo
ur a shit design
i must have done something nice to teller because cashy has blessed me
idk what i did then
I've rolled two fives and two sixes
that's above average rolls
yeah, meg
sorry
Remember to claim and increment.
oh
I was
non gets really good rolls
no spelt. I'm a different kind of gremlin
spelt that's a lot of salt in your soup
and there's another five
bless you cashy
\o/
fuck
tru
but now the streak s dead
non gets good rolls when it counts" They're actually perfectly average you just call them good because you can't accept that the real reason I do so well is my eXtreme skillz.
I know that statistically speaking they're just average rolls
but it's still funnier to say that you're a dice god
claw don't you have a butt to pinch?
and I found the session quote.
"I bet people would remember a girl in a bikini and sparkly high heels doing a gymnastic dick punch to a drug dealer."
evening
called it
$roll 1d6 watch me get a one on this guts check hey vale what's up
Saff|Silent "watch me get a one on this guts check hey vale what's up" [1]  = 1
i'm ok just sick
hey teller
I called it
i also kind of blame you
the whole time I was rolling fives and sixes and you show up and I get a 1
i didn't drink river water!!
i did not cuddle transmute
Fraternizing is strictly forbidden.
gosh valence I am his superior.
They both opened the gate
so kind of.
Also astrid isn't good at doing flips and punching people
She's less angry.
But she is a bitchy little shit sometimes
<3 you mom
#faustsexperiments2
https://drive.google.com/open?id=18MqtXSbddVhtb79tq6TT09-aBdxDWPCcDRC-O6rkhn4 logs
Wait is there an apostrophe in there?
fuck
#Faust'sexperiments2 sorry
rip
but yeah iri it's a fullmetal alchemist thing that faust sometimes runs.
I was going to say i'm the hottest state alchemist but roy mustang exists so
i'm like the only female state alchemist.
):
She's not an alchemist
that was her dad's work. She is not an alchemist
She's a first lieutenant
All state alchemists start automatically with the equivalent rank of major
SHe's not an alchemist either
she prefers swords
there's one woman in one of the video games I think
I did some research recently.
and ok faust
oh no another law student
is that some lawyer speak?
oh yum's here
hey yumgar i think you have a stupid face and also you hog the bed. xox
foss dear. You can't type on the norm.
Thanks nick
<3
-_-
How about I get put in the bisexual 20-something prison
O.O yeah why would you run in faust's channel?
rip proth
you never answered why you'd take faust's room, foss
it's meant for faust's experimentation
that's why he put his name in it
no.
"Here I run adventures in established universes, or just fly by the seat of my pants, in order to improve my skill at GMing and maybe provide some fun. If you stumble on this place, feel free to stick around if you want. Currently Running||"
i'm gonna go take my eyeballs out brb
heyo ant
how you
nice nice
and my streak of good rolls has come to an end
thal you can't tell me what to do
WAIT WHAT
DID YUM SELL ME???
and mishie this is more. my character's sick so i'm trying to roll to not puke everywhere
don't get weird desert diseases
no!
is it?
yeah
aspiration pneumonia ain't something to play with
no, iri
Shock
Don't be mean to vern
vern is a good boye
i'm gonna go to bed. night friends
Hey
How everyone
Same
Cg is great for fights.
I don't know if I go a specialty at all
Anti are we doing Cleve today
Oh wow.
I barely even talked to badtouch.
ah. Nice
what flavor is it? Nacho cheese?
pffttt
ur a wd
why are you like this, antioch
SR is a good one to brush up on tho.
no, i'm not cleaning up the glitter tho
good luck
bubbles!!
https://68.media.tumblr.com/7f9240585a594e3dccf000728662be1a/tumblr_nn4lt1AMQg1tfnarlo1_500.gif
VERN
why this
):<
spelt are you around today?
anti wants to finish cleve today
anti spelt's in
ace
senpai hasn't noticed well yet
Aye aye ant
i'm ready whenever y'all are
i can't give you the heart
just do us all a favor and swan dive off of it. Makes my job a lot easier.
hammerwatch is a dirty rotten memer
you're sirocco
sriracha
he's great
he's just a memer
i love how like the first question everyone asks me now is "Does wink really do the hello friend"
i better get to fight caitiff holy fuck
sandwich girl is in fact guidance
I love this speculation on what Immy and Lionheart do
LH doesn't.
so does this mean we're inviting sandwich girl into a threesome
Give him to me
I just want to punch him, megs
he gave a hobo a ton of cash when he was on the date with imm
yeah, meg. possibly in the dick
lionheart is too pure for this world. though the motherfucker held the sandwich over her head
the real question is, ant. How big is his penis?
"Oh hey boss I heard you were interrogating Wink I just wanted to say hi." *Punches him*
pfft
thal why this
julia has two mommies
;)
immy fixed that, thal. ):
Well I never thought that sandwich girl would assume immy was into erotic asphyxiation
):
That was the first strangle
I wonder how that conversation went down. Lionheart goes for the neck kiss. Gets concealer all over himself. "What the fuck?"
"Got strangled by disembodied hands?"
Oh my god dol you summoned the trinity
TRINITY TRINITY
I'm so excited.
i just looked that up, iri. While she looks cool, synapse doesn't look like her
oh rube coldberg is there
maybe if I wasn't too busy getting pounded by lionheart I should have shown up
"Hey why are you so lame and gay?"
but there is the secret menu, dol
my goal is to make it on there
I'm trying to think of what Imogen would put on a sandwich
anti you've also drank corn syrup
I would say grilled chicken, avocado, bacon, swiss, and a lemon poppyseed dressing on a poppyseed bun
and guidance gets hit on
speaking of flying too close to the sun, don't melt your wings, dol
i'm just sayin
don't do it
oh
yeah
do coldberg and princess december fuck?
Night friend
Hi everyone
Put nick in the crowd
Same.
I haven't
Done shit yet dol
Yeah. My combat options are insane. I just haven't gotten to use them yes
Yet
Though man. Running into evie would make me shit my pants.
I've pvp'd with. Katz vs herrschaft. Cwn vs Wink. I think that's it
Cwn hasn't gotten into a good fight since she left the hand.
Gwyn did some cool stuff in the irl sessions but obvs there are no logs for that
Who got captured?
Dude she's protectorate.
Nah. She left blackjack willingly
In the wink fight she accidentally got foamed
yeah. I mean
Spelt was making it so I couldn't do like anything so I decided to protect myself from bullets by wrapping in rends
I haven't even gotten into a small fight yet
and I DON'T HAVE MY SHIT BECAUSE MOM
yeah but I didn't roundhouse kick mom in the face
i should have just left it at the lab
like. What was she thinking taking it home?
true
Yeah. I think after the movies with artisan, she would have skipped sleep and just. Started working on her jacket because fuck sleep
I've pvp'd with. Katz vs herrschaft. Cwn vs Wink. I think that's it" Wow. Just wow.
I didn't really fight you, non.
I hid in the basement
yeah, faust. 'working on her jacket' is just an innuendo for 'giving artisan a handy'
trigger 29
it's cold in here
hi tubes
no?
She's got a boyfriend now
yes, cg
the first time they met she asked him for a number for a dealer
that was the one where she met him
but in the one where she went on a date with him she was like "Are you bothered by me doing drugs?" and he was like "Nah it is what it is."
yep!
i need a fuckin nap
in class
i probably will when I get home
So many d10s, anti
SO MANY D10
I do miss the moxie stat though
Also the sanity stat.
That was fun
Because I ranked poor eureka's and rose my own.
*tanked
But anti. Anti.
Arsenal.
Ask him about arsenal.
Fate/stay worm.
Norwalk tonight
Thal
Hi
gonna run thal when she gets off work
until then i'm rereading some of my favorite fanfics so maybe I can be inspired to write the one i haven't updated in two years.
suit up I guess
vale i'll be your frand
even though you made me ROLL A ONE ON A GUTS CHECK
"Hey you destroyed an entire city here's the pukes have fun"
why did you poison the water hole
you shit in the water, didn't you?
i could have gotten post genocide canoodles and instead I had to try not to die
hey hey hey. I don't have any blood on my hands I use lightning.
and my subordinate would give me the canoodles because that's not illegal at all
oh right. he's a doctor.
it's just a physical.
can i fingerpaint with my bloody hands
"Ishvalans go home"
and i killed them all. :)
hey man look. They were just orders.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MqtXSbddVhtb79tq6TT09-aBdxDWPCcDRC-O6rkhn4/edit?usp=sharing logs for anyone interested
i killed a lot of people. it was great
idk i just fucking shot lightning at the city
I was on a tower i didn't see them
excuse me it's "Silent Storm"
not for long
what about craft (French cuisine)
I've taken Craft (Satanic Ritual) before
Hey hey
Just talk English really angry like
A what
Hi anti
Are you in my house
I'm getting bleach out in my hair.
Jygg do you. Not know what hair dye is?
Thanks tubes
Rip cayo
Thanks mom
Cry
Rip vale
That's what you get for fuxkin my roll.
San Raul is fun in general
 /me laughs
What
Why
There was a space
There we go
Prince Charming. Bless him
Kinky
Bless you claw
Yes
Lily is such a bitch
He was gonna give you drugs.
He wanted to help you
Ur a fish
Tru
Poor buckler
Is she venomous?
Stoppppo no being mean to buckler
He tried
):
Sobs
XD
I'll save her!
Moooooooom
HOLE HOLE HOLE HOLE
HOLE HOLE
Yeah
Thanks dol
Look I watch a lot of degrassi
I uh
Jygg do you need glasses
I am green
Rip cayo
Hey no
Bo
Fuck
I fucked up lysa
On my phone
Oh shit
Good luck
who knows
jesus christ hops
but he will
fight fight fight
he's in my house
foss i let him into my house
foss go to bed
i am all powerful
oh i left my water in the hallway
i should get that
i'm almost done with the bottle faust i'm not dead yet
i drink sparkling water.
beautiful
i think that's his face
is this boku no hero academia now?
night splet
night friends
Hi.
I guess it is saffternoon
$welcome trico
So how is everyone
Fuck you anti
You hid the keys.
You did
The bookshelf
I was not
):<
I am not a drunk. I just play one on tv.
$welcome JustaLackey
Oh poor
Pooh
Which fight
holy shit manhunt manhunt
oh man
probably a good idea
nice
tell the PRT to get a big can of raid
faust is cult dad
more people need to post in the guidance thread because right now it's just me and dol going back and forth about guidance being lame and gay
fabulous
night everyone
Morn
Mega link me your logs in pm
hey cg!
HI VERNOLD
HOW ARE YOU
MEGA THIS IS JUST MY VOICE I'M ITALIAN
hey anti
nice nice
good luck wellwick
\o/
'Saffternoon, Faust
hey teller and opt
anti and i are doing some indy
sounds like one of my relatives
Hey Jov!!!
:)
is it because she's a thirsty bitch?
Imm has no reason to think she's not cool
teller is a beast
also the more times you shout fuck at cashy the better your rolls are.
but make the bears gay men.
ahh galatea
night mego
hi dive cock how are you?
MEGA GO BACK TO BED
RA RA RASPUTIN
valence ilu
probably, you ding dong
i saw the anastasia musical
it was amazing
hey hey hey. the bolshevik they replaced him with is my broadway bae okay?
ye
his name is Gleb he's the best
(But this isn't wd)
panda is planning a worm AU
campaign
so a little fate/stay worm
i haven't been paying too much attention so I can't give a better explanation
anti went to bed
panda you don't know what fate/stay night is?
for fuckin shame
anti ran one once upon a time.
's kind of how yumgar and I got together, actually.
I technically won
hey i mean. how many couples can say that they started as master and servant?
night friends
Hey
Delete your account.
(I kid)
I am a sleepy saffo
i'm drinking a monster
but i wanted a blue one today so i couldn't buy the giant one like yesterday
hey mego
It takes a long time
Literally just sit around and make people like you.
Or run a game yourself
I use a combination of backroom deals and homemade cookies
I like backroom deals
Lol div
!search that boy ain't
i return
hello lysa
hello meg
and no lys i just woke up
he hasn't answered my messages today
he's probably just in the lab
aye aye
hops, go to HECK
that boy ain't right
the bike ends up in the crucible
Oh fuck
Rip
hops, hare, hush, harrison. san raul is the land of H
a literal spoon or a metaphorical spoon?
oh
i was about to say
if you're searching for a metaphorical spoon just to eat you probably shouldn't run today
what
that's not
have you not heard of spoon theory?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoon_theory
oh anti the date on indy2 is wrong
in one indy room lysa is getting tased. In the other i'm having a rom com moment.
This is weaverdice
bork
the prt never listens, kumi
man i feel left out of the cape fighting.
maybe I should just sock LH in the jaw
chinese?
oh you're saying
like a knockoff made in china
i was about to be like "nah imogen is a basic white bitch."
yes
why do you think lionheart is doing that?
are we gonna get an interrogation from March?
oh shit
look man. The threat of march is scary
I'm gonna be real. Imogen is like. Fuuuuuuuuuck this guy.
stick it to the man
lol lysa you'd have to pay me to break you out.
I ain't doing shit like that for free
have your people call my people.
buuuurrnnn
but my prices are pretty steep
Gotta pay the bills somehow, darling.
If I don't get the dough, Sandwich girl doesn't get big bucks tips
you went grocery shopping at ten at night?
well i do not want to fuck with axis.
not much what's up with you?
looks like kumi learned the lesson that immy learned three years ago
don't fuck with the prt
hey man look. look.
cocaine.
excuse she's doing okay now
making money. has a hot boyfriend. speaking of which anti when will that thread go up?
rip
i mean
bad things will likely happen
!quote 89
Train wrecks are more interesting that characters with no personality. :)
It's about the balance
Cash is feeling merciful
anti did you change the session logs to say "Amphetamine Queen gets Choked"
good night friendos
Hey friends
I've got a test in a mo
Thanks
Rip me
That test was bad
Yo Faust
^
#parahumans
hey tell and becc
#faust'sexperiments2
\o/
motherfuckin' envy.
^
MAN UP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ccCSGudyFw
hey tuzi
ho u
I can probably try?
not much WD going on right now
Faust is running FMA in his channel
and i'm realizing now that I probably should have made my tag for this 'Storm' as opposed to 'Silent'
because there is some confusion there. I am not silent. I will scream.
<3
some indy shenanigans too
lysa's in jail.
rip cayo
hey
Saffternoon, well
tubes is gonna fight an endbringer?
tubes are you a fucking MORON
Dragon is my wife.
I'm just teasing him. :-P
Mostly because AQ would literally call him a moron
GRYPHON IS A BITCH
Gryphon is a bitch
SHe CALLED ME A SLUT
I DIDN'T KNOW I WAS GOING TO AN ORGY
look the entire time imm was like "Stop i want to get off the ride."
):
no because she didn't want Pain train to rip her intestines out through her asshole
):<
I DIDN'T MEAN TO
Dolyn she was scared to leave ):
peer pressure
tbh i'm excited for imm to go to school
She knows how to hit. She might not hit super hard, but she can chip away at people.
And maybe use a desk to her advantage
I know someone who broke a kid's jaw at twelve, and he's not a big guy.
Tru cg
you're not in school, thal
maybe i'll bully julia
that's the point, anti
you find the weakest person and make their life hell
:)
lol same
So yes. gonna beat someone up. Mostly to try to get shades a hot teacher GF
neither did Imm
no she's going now to find the wards
idk that's what the elite wants
foss take a nap
I drank a WHOLE water two days ago
i want my suit back
I can build a better jacket
but my super suit
"it's in the crucible with Hops' bike"
Laura Moon is the real bike thief of San Raul
"I hate those fuckin offshoots, let's go."
i still want millie to get a motorcycle. I hadn't thought of it until CG was like "her dad drives a motorcycle" and I was like
OKAY THIS IS BITCHIN'
Hey meg
And yeah that might be the next project.
Since I've got the eyes done. And jacket.
Don't call him fuckler. ):
):
what
oh
to you being a moron
yeah
rip
first you blew up and now you gonna drown
ye
r i p
i don't know who i'll end up fighting.
just make sure axis protects her heart, tell
um excuse thal it's "Blunt force Trauma"
bzzztt
oooh leah's in trouble
oooooh
kinky
rip cayo
leah is a gumdrop.
I will corrupt sandwich girl
"hey sandwich girl want to snort some cocaine?"
lol no i'm not.
i've got so much other shit to do
find out the identities of the wards. Win fight at emcee. Get paid for shit. fuck lionheart. Bother shades. It's a busy life.
who's mary jane
sandwich girl is leah
.....
i know, foss
marijuana is not wd related
i'm being peer pressured
I uh
look teller.
look. I just do what the elite tells me
pls don't put me in prison
pls no
i'm just dong my job
i don't know why the elite wants the identities
but they do
so i'm stuck in calculus until I do
wait i don't think it's calculuss. I think i'm taking algebra
let me double check that
yeah. I'm taking algebra II
lol foss i'm not going to school to learn
I'm taking algebra 2, english, ap psych, chemistry, drama, spanish, cross country, and music appreciation.
the rest of the schedule is listed as "Skip school"
i don't know what that is
i know thal. ):
teller did anti ever give you my dossier?
i mean it's true
i didn't mean to give her a type
i just
it happened
and I was just like "fuck"
i'd like to see march with a big dossier on his desk, and the top page is "Amphetamine Queen like tall people with dark hair and blue eyes"
i'll kinkshame you.
i'll kinkshame you all until teller tells me to stop because it's off topic
wow leah your friend is a grade A lesbian.
bless u nicko
and dol. i say that because she wants to fuck leah.
i mean
have you /seen/ leah?
you're not people
lol expecting an answer from bow
"hey bow how many toes does tattletale have?"
is it the normal amount of toes
oh my god
ant you've been spending too much time around me
that wednesday tho
i mean if you're on the east coas of american you would be american and tomorrow
since it's 11 for me and i'm in the america
faust alaska has like three people and a moose
Hey
Hello
D:
Well I'm going on an adventure
For coffee
):
I miss the days of "aq shot jet stream"
Those were so simple
I mean she knew how bullets worked she just didn't think she'd HIT THE HEART
to be fair. That only happened because of an insane roll
no, jets
the thirteen year old wasn't gonna get hit
TBF she /knew/ that because Shades had drilled it into her. But she was high and scared and didn't want to go to jail
it made sense to her at the time, non ):
oh deer
this isn't the channel for games. Every game has it's own
but right now I don't think anyone's running anything?
oh, cool!
Yeah. This is the place to ask questions
Quite a few of the people on are GMs themselves.
Me, Faust. Teller, are you around? I think Anti's out right now playing magic.
Thalia is technically a GM
Lysa is.
wow faust I. I read "LL" and I was like "What does love live have to do with this?"
look faust. Look. Best girl's birthday is tomorrow.
fuck it, I'm running a bonus session
#WDNorwalk if you want to watch, Tarr
lysa girl you're a gm
Yeah!
Actually
Nico, Spelt.
One sec tarr
https://goo.gl/g4X9MH
There's the session logs for norwalk
I'm also gonna link you indy because it's short rn, and san raul because san raul is v goo
https://goo.gl/79kK5G
https://goo.gl/g1tEKM
I started playing when I hadn't read worm
blame anti
i didn't even know there was a web serial until like. Maaayyybbbeee a few sessions into playing Queen.
and then that turned into me livechatting what was going on.
!search are dragon
wait a fucking second are dragon and armsmaster having weird android sex. (at line 51)
jeez that was two years ago. Insane.
so yeah. You don't /need/ to read worm to play. but it's better if they do because then they know what's going on
and they're a little more invested
yeah the quick rundown is definitely needed
yeah.
that's what I got when anti was running IRL and I played Vortex
teller is p goo
N E V E R
Just like Norwalk is the land of the bad moms?
(which isn't true. there are some good norwalk moms(
closest i have is AQ. And Idk if Shades is "Healthy home life" or not
dol, your character has the best parents
liar liar
ye
It's the hobo that's hiding in your attic.
I mean. I guess you're in the right place
$welcome helpmeimscared
He's already frightened
Wow jygg you take that back
I have a reputation
i don't fukin remember
that's a question for anti
but he's playing magic still i'm p sure
ur the thing
norwalk, nick
probably cayo in a minute
yeah
cayo
you better
there were a ton of trumps if i remember right when Yum ran atlanta. Shit was crazy
lolol helpme, that's literally what happened in yumgar's atlanta
I was the stranger that was running around and fucking everything up
I accidentally took out an entire gang in one night
That my friends. That was some good fun
i was only supposed to steal like. 200 dollars out of a safe and I just. I decimated
Morn
Irccloud lets you set things to ping.
I have Saff, saffo, Norwalk, AQ, and a few other things.
Wow that's a blast from the past. Hey Mari
Hey thal
!search I'm Saff
i'm saff (at line 557)
he can't read (at line 573)
It's close to 'saffternoon
It's 12
#WDNorwalk
tacos?
because he's proth
!search one of these fucks
is that because those are both names I call you?
:-P
Meeeeeeeg so you have wink now can I punch him in the dick.
i want to write a few I just
haven't gotten around to it
nah. #fanfic is the channel for that
or is it #fanfiction
i can't remember
i'm not in it, because I don't write wormfic
oh cool. hops again?
yeah
you were a sleepy tubes
running norwalk, vale
I mean. I guess?
valence i'm still v mad that you made me roll a one. you shall pay.
good job panda.
use words
lol i'm not a goldmine of advice.
most of my advice is "Piss on it" or "Stab it"
yeah i'm just gonna watch more anime l8r nerds
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/756/008/29d.jpg
oh shit
i did that yesterday boos
panda, be nice
If everyone's lacking imagination, why don't you write them all? :-P
Mmmm infant mortality rate
i'm always dead
Faust is a treasure
proth you named a character "Dick Butt"
I think that's what he made the name for the cape he was supposed to have for New Haven
Or am I misremembering
NO THAT'S WHAT IT WAS
he named the cape "Pussy Destroyer"
then again, mishie just made his "Steve"
new haven, proth
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT FI—Oh sorry tell
help me i'm scar. The lion? The Ishvalan?
wait wait wait. I haven't really been following the san raul session because i missed so many bits of it. Are y'all motherfuckers going into the mutant hole?
look. look. I like siege as much as the next bitch. But you should PROBABLY leave her in there or shit's gonna happ
because she's gonna try to go home and I reallyyyyy don't want to deal with a fucking mutant freak who's probably really fucked in the head
siege was millie's friend. If shit goes down idk if Mills could kick the girl's ass
heaven knows artisan won't be able to
he can but that's his Sister
like. he /can/ do it. but like. Jeez he already watched his entire family die in front of him once.
he doesn't need to see that again
"Surprise, your sister's alive. Too bad she's blue and has PTSD and is trying to kill you"
-_-
oh gross there's buckler's corpse
Hops: I loot the corpse
"Hey Mr. Buckler sir I know you're dead but your daughter is hot"
then again i'm playing the character that's "Hey Mr. buckler sir I know you're dead but your son is hot"
oh no siege scream
fuck
I'm so torn. Because like. Siege is a perfect gumdrop and she deserves to be saved
but at the same time
FUCK DON'T TAKE HER OUT OF THE HOLE
send hush down there she already fucked up
HOPS OH MY GOD
I'M SCREAMING
HOPS WHY
THE PUSSY AIN"T WORTH IT
NO
step right up come see the mutant hole
only ten dollars
it'll keep people out of the hole then
I'm not going in the mutant hole. I'm just gonna like. Punch people.
tru
I was going to work on a cure but you know. Mom took my shit
i'm not going in the hole.
Helpme, the hole is causing the mutation
she's just stuck in there
and we don't know what'll happen if she gets out
Nuh uh
YOU"RE NOT MY REAL MOM
Hops no
and i'm not mutating myself
i'm probably just gonna have to go punch anti in the face and he'll cleave me in half.
I'M GONNA BE A HERO
there was just family drama that happened first
nuh uh nuh uh
I'm gonna fight
oh my god
all of millie's quotes end up being about checking out artisan, like all of index's are about having to use the bathroom
She didn't have to cover her eyes. she just had to switch off the xray vision
it's not my fault that index has a urination issue
i uh. i don't know
oh
thal knows what's up
as a GM, i'd be very uncomfortable too.
hops is going all out
i'm like. fuckin screaming this is insane
like. shit this is why i recc san raul to newbies
This is good shit good shit
yeah that's a good plan
jeez
hops buddy your momma isn't gonna want you back like that
oh my god.
If she's told him once, she's told him a million times, don't come back into this house mutated, mijo.
when i'm a hero i'll cite you for property damage
fuuuuuuckckkkk
HOPS LEAVE HER IN THE HOLE
LEAVE HER IN THE HOLE HOPS
fuck there's no heat she's NOT ALIVE HOPS FUCKIN LEAVE HER IN THE HOLE
hops is being the white girl in the horror movie right now i s2g
same
damn hops
holy fuck these rolls
like i should go to bed
but this has got me so fuckin jazzed
fuck i gotta sleep. someone $tell me the logs
night friends
Morning and saffternoon
rip pink
nugget nugget nugget?
hey dol
vale. Tubes' detroit character is stuck in nugget hell
also hey vale how u
oh cool. seems like everyone's been in nyc lately. I was there. Jov was there. You were there. Not at the same time
taco hell too
heyo cg
hey pyro
same
holy fuck
cg like.
shit got real
I mean yeah. San Raul is real as shit
like the stakes are high
but that
like
We've been waiting for this for like 5ever
and siege is out
or almost out
and like
fuuuuckkk
same
Especially because I will likely have to deal with it if Ig accidentally lets her escape
because she's gonna wanna go home
and right now i'm chilling in her home
fuck man.
who kno—oh my god
They haven't done anything! Though they kind of arranged a date by accident while getting mastered
"Oh hey siege uh it's me the girl from the hospital. I lived uh. No i'm not banging your brother whaaaat? Who would do that? Not me."
DO NOT
somehow i have become an NPC fucker
I didn't mean for this
IT'S NOT LIKE I SET OUT FOR THIS
AT LEAST I DIDN'T MAKE MY GIRLFRIEND THE SIZE OF A MOUNTAIN, VALE.
i hate u all
D:
rp
*rip
sorry bucky is trying to climb up onto my lap
also, morning, fausto
soon, meg. Sometime this week maybe?
tru
like. Fuuuuck. Siege is a gem but like. fuuuuuckk
nuh uh
she's a sweetheart
i'm just
fuuuck
First of all like. If siege even remembers anything. You think she's gonna wanna hang around someone like Hops? Second of all like. fuck is hops gonna tell artisan? Because if he does then well. Shit i'm gonna be elbows deep trying to figure out a cure.
Hare Voice: HAVE YOU SEEN MY WIFE???
Do i?
huh
hm.
teller ask her what her favorite ice cream flavor is
i'm reading through this stuff that CG gave me and. Hm there is one thing that's sticking out a little bit but I don't know if I'm barkign up the wrong tree
I'll test it more!
no i'll
idk i'll work on it maybe
lure some offshoot into the base with a cracker crumb trail
that's no fun
Fuuuuck
!search mijo
BECAUSE THEY KEEP GOING IN THE HOLE
like lurks
it's like.
there's this pot of radioactive waste right? and everyone's like "Hey don't touch that you'll get radiation poisoning"
and then you go and touch it
and now surprise.
you have radiation poisoning
no, spelt.
wow teller i didn't know you were a fuckin' furry
please don't throw artisan in
fuck it's the whole cave. Damn
you know what's not right about him?
he's got too many FUCKIN ARMS
if anyone needs me ping me i guess
just read logs for a while
#WDIndianapolis is a good one to start with since there's only a few sessions, but it's antioch's so it's koala tea.
thanks vale, you're a peach. ;)
yeah. that's why i recc'd indy instead of cleve
san raul is good though
I spent a good chunk of time earlier digging through logs and hints to try to figure out what's going on
i am now pretty certain as to what hops did.
and i do not like it
i like ATM.
I like teller as a person
but holy fuck hops WHY
like. I'm not gonna squeal because it's some juicy shit.
teller is a cool dude
dadstus
Well, fam. Do I have something for you
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1M5Bv_arseL0Lr67MCE4XOiSRqddNyP7snOf22-lXBqc
you wanna know what she did in the three years in between campaigns?
Bam
i'm trash.
(you're lucky i had that folder of my Gdrive open already.)
:)
it was fun to write.
yep!
hey jov!
how u
b-baka cogo
go home splet
dol ilu
shoal has a retainer.
how u anti
lol
proth? a big name?
yeah
okay then. that's not a big name
that's just people you recognize
omfg
yeah
like. I like proth
but he's like barely around
O.O
nick ilu
player character
why don't we be nice to the new person who doesn't know things and asked a legitimate question?
I didn't say you're being rude. I said you weren't being helpful.
PC stands for player character. So the character you control. NPC is non player character
that i don't know, mess. You'll have to ask panda
holy hell that's a lot
i have eight and a half players and it's a lot to juggle
i'm confused.
if people are playing then they're a player character, no?
i haven't been paying much attention tbh
night friends
Sooner than you think.
I can assure you you're pinging me
Though I am no longer in all caps
I was falling asleep until y'all started talking about Norwalk
My phone started buzzing.
I'm gonna put out the signup thing again tomorrow probs
I can't right now because I'm on my phone
My campaign pyro
And no it's not sign ups for spots. It's sign ups for my players to grab sessions
Because I operate best on schedules.
I was trying
Now I'm gonna be up until 2 to get my fire emblem login bonuses.
Might as well
^
Hi
Rip me
I have reawaken.
Hi
non is pretty useful like. 99.9% of the time.
the .1 percent is like. when he's asleep. Does non sleep?
the sky
tuzi you fucked up
i never made the connection
i just assumed you thought we would bite you or something
only thalia and I do that.
that's because all my GMs cockblock me
tuzi go home
from fights
i don't have a penis.
R U D E
a few.
it's a surge month
it happens
some will stay
he's in south america
i'd say rip kate but no one misses her
tubes you blue up
*Blew
wow i know how to type guys
i shot a protectorate hero in the chest while high on cocaine.
i haven't killed anyone in session
wait no
i killed a 53 during the aus fight
oh and terry
i killed terry
he dropped me he deserved it
straight into the rend hole with ye
hey mess
cwn has a strong power. She's just fuckin insane
just. teller please don't bring her to the stronghold base
like first of all. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with her.
second of all you're really gonna kill the mood if you bring artisan's dead sister in while i'm trying to put the moves on
did i say moves i meant movies
you're not my real mom, dol
RUDE
he just wants to find his wife
what if the real mutant hole was the friends we made along the way?
^
is evie gonna come busting in?
^^
man i can't wait to get into a fight with synapse.
her power is so cool.
that's because they have too many eyes, cg
you are a villain, non.
you fucked your husband's best friend
oh my god
Good morn
How y'all
Tired
then you'll have three sessions of a really awesome game and then it'll never return
-_-
jygg anti is a person, not a GMing machine
if y'all like FMA. #Faust'sExperiments2
then go in anyway.
I have all the logs
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MqtXSbddVhtb79tq6TT09-aBdxDWPCcDRC-O6rkhn4/edit?usp=sharing
I'm always wondering.
lol no CG you're better than a shitty santa movie
oh
I wasn't wondering about that
I was wondering about cats
they have little paws.
him cold. Him gold
that link doesn't work, cg
oh my god
i'm just laughing because I've actually hung with CG
he's been to my house, panda.
hey anti
how u
You're doing indy today, right?
you strap that many babies to you and you get a minor blaster rating
well I would assume you'd put them on face out.
though i guess ass out also counts as blaster too.
i mean. When my brother was a baby he was easily blaster 3. The amount that kid spit up was. *shudders*
thankfully he grew up to be kind of normal.
wait so ant who's up in indy? Lysa?
all hail nick, the giant lesbian
Wish for bees
I should make an npc cape that just turns into a swarm of bees
You wouldn't bee-lieve it
AZ OH MY GOD
canada isn't real
yeah. all the poptarts ended up in Norwalk instead.
what did I do?
yeah?
do I?
Fuck i killed a lot of people y'all.
oh
anti, i have now killed more ishvalans than you
dead, proth.
that's what they are
look, foss. I'm trying to make Colonel by 22.
you've gotta crack a few eggs to make an omelette.
yumgar is a matt
so does that count?
considering yumgar is sitting next to me
:)
you forgot one endbringer, friends. Saff.
yes I am, proth. I'm like the simurgh. I scream
the italian simurgh, if you will.
maybe you shouldn't say RIP about him
considering he was hanging on by like
life support
ianti, i'm glad you always show how horrifying containment foam is
anti
not
ianti
G'night agaon
Go to heck verno.
I've been trying to sleep and I can't.
Print that explains so much
I missed the timing window for the joke. But I am going to bed. Night everyone
Yeah. Good luck
did lysa get jailed?
XD
gl
What's going on Fausto?
Well is a good.
Look man. You killed 12 of my men. Don't take anymore.
Was it thirteen?
You left me with eight if you count rein.
Oh
Bro I haven't finished my monster yet
Give me a bit to wake up
Wow that sounded really dude bro-y.
My nails are sparkly.
Monster is amazing fight me
I taste the same
*u taste the same
Fuckin phone
Ruining my jokes
Rip
norwalk tomorrow
meg
i'm gonna beat u up in school pink
idk maybe getting shades a date
anti is the principal hot?
^
"Hey shorty!" "Lady you're like an inch taller than me."
oh no
I think cassie is blonde, but don't quote me on that?
imogen accidentally has a type
tall, dark hair, blue eyes
one mo
tellergram.github.io/log_formatter.html
DOL
tru
rip
i didn't even know that he did anything tbh
so no
panda /says/ he's running a game.
:-P
why's that, pink?
I'm not quite catching the ref
that explains it pink.
and idk. i haven't heard anything about sessions
but I also  haven't been paying attention at all since I don't particularly care.
firlz was never a real person
i've never given a care in my life
that sounds awesome, proth
i don't think there's anything tonight
there's stuff planned for tomorrow
Norwalk and Indy
well now you jynxed yourself.
hey cg
illinois isn't real.
how u
hi
nope
not tonight
poor andre
he just wanted to share drugs with people and then lily came and tried to kill him
XD
she's been back.
dude
where have you been the last like four months
she's in indy. anti and I wrote a huge interlude explaining what she did in the three years in between.
plus shades wouldn't let her die in a ditch
-_-
fix isn't even a fuckin cape.
wait shit was i not supposed to say that?
no.
dude was just a jackass who pretended to be a tinker
dude literally had no tech.
he had us all bamboozled, yeah.
but the fuckhead didn't have powers.
l o l
sure, firlz. keep telling yourself that.
<3
Smells nice
Anti posted a pho thread
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YnUhTJ4bbVAqAfAvcHxbkYeyLRC72Ks7xsmBE6_4Ncs/edit
Rip
): she doesn't do meth
But apparently she does have fanboys?
Let me
Find the line
it's not crack.
and she never did meth
coke and speed mostly
The forums finally load. Indianapolis's PHO is a lot harder to trawl for meaningful information, just because it's so much bigger. There don't seem to be any new threads about her, at least, though one of her creepy, die-hard fanboys is trying to keep the copycat "Spot the Pothole" thread afloat.
Amphetamine Queen, Pyro
but yeah that's the line. From session 9
I was very surprised by it. But I guess you know. If you play the villain game long enough, someone's gonna poke their weiner while thinking of you.
what?
She covered them with makeup
I can quote the lines where she did it
but she had enough time to go home before the date and she did spent too much time covering up
Faust 4 mayor
huh?
i was wondering what the huh was referring to
but that's because my head is pounding and i should probs go to bed
but i'm also watching stuff so i'm not gonna
I'm still kind of confused on the why? Like. Idk my npcs are my favorite? It's strange to me that you're outsourcing that role
I'm too fucking tired for snark.
I'm genuinely curious
Because I don't get it
If I were being snarky, you'd know. Subtle ain't my middle name.
Waiting for people is the legit worst part
Right now I'm actually dying because I want to get onto the next part of my campaign but I still have other people to run
Same as mishie.
Having a ton of people is cumbersome and there's a point where you've gotta just grow the stones and say no.
^
Okay. I was just staring my worries. No need to jump down my throat?
Potty bless you
*proth
I don't know why my phone hates your name pro tho
I swear
I s2g
I'm laughing so hard I'm crying. Potty.
I'm cutting the rest of arc 4 short so we can move into arc 5
Because four was big for the teen characters. Five is gonna be good for pit, Roland, Hartmann, and. Probs thal too
I'm poor.
Know the risks. Age of gods may cause itching, rash, eye irritation, mood swings, pain while urinating. Ask your daughter if age of gods is right for you
Doctor.
It's 2AM Faust
I literally cannot sleep
What was your top pro th?
Lol
Then take it to PMs because this really isn't the place for fighting, y'all.
Not mint you donut.
-_-
Well talking got unfun real fast. Guess I'm gonna try the sleep thing again. Ciao.
Hey meg are you around?
Hi dol
Ah
That's fine. I don't have any caffeine in me yet
That's fine
also, for the morning crew https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YnUhTJ4bbVAqAfAvcHxbkYeyLRC72Ks7xsmBE6_4Ncs/edit?usp=sharing
?
yeah.
yeah
\o/
cg you're a peach
the initial one is 118x118 i think?
fiiinnnneee
bongboi420
cg pls
it's p goo
thanks cg
rip norwalk
ayyyy clawford
hey teller
mega u alive
fuk u
your session today?
You still want to do it?
I know it's kind of late for you over there
i'm gonna be slow for a hot second.
Same
can't do tongiht pink
that's a party trick
not a fun one
but it is one
and she can tear down the whole house too
"IS SOMEBODY SINNING?"
I don't think Audrey has a party trick either
wait no
"hey look guys I can make all my skin come off"
AQ can tie a knot in a cherry stem with her tongue?
tying a knot in a cherry stem with your tongue isn't hard
I taught myself to do it in a week in high school
clawford has a stubby tongue pass it on
really? Oh gosh I'm glad
running you is always fun. I like putting together mysteries
you ruined the birthday surprise
happy birthday mommy's dad
*Dead
engy.
!search clumsy contessa
oh fuck march
kumi already got destroyed
i have a bad feelign that i know how this session is going to end
oh shit burn
oh man i don't make the desk?
I mean I haven't done anything yet
but man
yeah
Valiant has Valiant action figure. Nick has it Without Motorcycle
but the new model is With Motorcycle.
fuck eidolon
pfft fire bear's toy doubles as a cigarette lighter
right, thal?
yeah but the fists get lost super fast
because they end up under the fucking couch
she's not PRT, iri
an SHE DOESN'T DO METH
):<<<<<
!quote 529
when does freddy get the cwn annwn action figure? you press her tummy and she has a nervous breakdown
there you go, iri
):<
AQ Vs Jetstream playset.
blind box rats
"aw man, I got dad rat again."
the best part is, anything can be a houdinette fig if you try hard enough
i just want a verdict who you pull the string and she goes "I see you sin"
but all year round
beholder's figure has a camera in it so you can take creepy pics
"gross this rat is scented"
pizza rat
yeahhh
we really don't
"Hey look at my feral toy all her body parts pop off"
^
anti and I have kind of talked about the future of Gwyn
lumina and valiant, thal
gwyn would be good for like. A hoodie maybe
(#parahumans, mari)
i'd wear the cwn annwn branded hoodie
how's indy's prt in terms of marketabili—rude
thal I was just thinking that. since she has the wolf kind of hood to her costume
they could base it off of that
Anti. Does van helsing have a branded crucifix
Now you too can slay vampires.
Boo
i'm still really glad tell is director for the PRT in Indy
he's fantastic
i'm one of the few people that knows what's going on. (:
SO I HEARD YOU WANTED SOME LEVIATHAN
lol AQ isn't going spelt
Why the fuck would she
Her stance on endbringers is "yeah I'm gonna go fuckin somewhere else"
redshift is of the same feeling, lys
let me look up a quote
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/TGO57uWe/
and
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/1qCIJIi5/
so that's how AQ and redshift feel about that shit
hi dol
How's it hanging teller
Nice
Excuse its blunt force trauma now
No
Bless
I just hope lionheart doesn't bite it
She's dated him for a day
She's be sad but she'd probably snort coke and bother shades
She doesn't do meth
no? amphetamines are a class of drugs
methamphetamine isn't the only amphetamine >.>
it started as a joke, too
and then anti was like "Yeah that's her name now"
that's actually right, claw
Amphetamine belongs to the phenethylamine class. It is also the parent compound of its own structural class, the substituted amphetamines,[note 4] which includes prominent substances such as bupropion, cathinone, MDMA, and methamphetamine.
oh wow bupropion is an amphetamine. Well. TIL.
no wonder that shit made me unable to sleep.
anyway.
amphetamines are a type of drug and methamphetamine isn't the only amphetamine.
SSRIs are selective seretonin reuptake inhibitors. So maybe?
Serotonin
I don't know much about the neurochemistry of ADHD unfortunately. I uh. I kind of failed neurobio. For a dumb reason. but I still failed it.
tangentially related, technically. I'm just kind of annoyed with the whole "AQ meth no teeth" thing because it ALWAYS comes up and i've explained it enough
eh? It's played out and it makes me feel like everyone just glazes over all the characterization anti and I have done.
Nah, I like vale.
even if he made me roll a one on a guts check
fuckin.
got the fuckin ishvalan flu because of vale.
AQ doesn't have the clap. She has a goddamn standing ovation.
and she can transmute via clap. but you can't transmute away a flu
because that's not how alchemy works
i'm saff (at line 557)
and she's not a medical alchemist, she's a lightning alchemist
lol i don't think aq has ovulated in a long ass time.
her body weight is too low to menstruate, according to anti I believe.
sorry spelto
he is a busy piggy
eat it
asking the real questions, vale.
that scene was brutal to read. like i felt so squicky
oh man that would have been so creepy
az is running something
that's about it for the night I think
I'm not doing anything.
anti's at friday night magic iirc.
so no indy
dunno what cg is doing but i don't think it's san raul.
hey thene
oh my god
faust kind of made his daughter trigger
she loves the puppy
he's a good boy
tbh if you sneezed on the girl too hard she'd trigger
faust is p goo
hey i think we're getting kind of in the territory of #parahumans or #worm
ago
Well. Ago is Latin for "I give" if I recall right
rip
anti's at friday night magic iirc.
Heyo
Booooooooo
Pinks pun
you shouldn't shit outside, tubes
hey teller
THALIA
You free to finish tomorrow?
Ace
Now I'm headed to a baby shower. Rip
It's because I'm out
I was at a baby shower
I'm at dinner now
But I was suffering because I hate babies
Gross
Talking is usually 12-18 months, foss
Not six
Six is like "maybe we can give them some solid foods"
Firlz go to bed.
Cat
night friends
Hi
go home spelt
there there lys
spelt doesn't know shit lys
so how's that weaver dice
yeah and then my face decided to swell up
i ran out of my allergy medicine last night so i mean
my body decided "hey man fuck you."
nah i'm just a dumb bitch who runs around in Juicy sweatpants
didn't you name your character Jimmy McJohnson? Penis McDick?
"Hey leviathan. man. I've got someone I need to get rid of. If I slip you a 20 can you do me a solid?"
p goo vale
i'll let you pass. For now.
please don't let lionheart die
i totally read that wrong dol
XD
I looked up very briefly and I was like "WOW OKAY"
but then I read it again
i'm sorry
i will not, however, be killing lionheart myself
Treason, however. He can get fuckt
gu-ass
i was just making fun of his misspelling
similar to Slither in that way.
:-P
hey proth
Sorry lysa you're facing tubes in a STEEL CAGE DEATH MATCH
IN THIS CORNER, THE HOT HEADED UPSTART, GAUSS. IN THIS CORNER, WE HAVE THE FACE STEALER HERSELF K K K K K KUUUUUMIIIHOOOOOOOOOOO
AND IN THE CENTER WE HAVE THE MONSTER, THE MYTH, THE LEGEND
LEVIIIIIIIIIAAATHAANNNNNNN
idk nick i don't watch wrestling
i just kind of winged it. Wung it?
hey at least you're not going through drug withdrawal in the cell, lys
jeez. Interstice is the worst wive
*Comes home with a kid*
Cassie is just like. Bitch we can't even support ourselves
THALIA YOU'RE LIVIng IN AN APARTMENT WHERE YOUR WIFE KEEPS SLAMMING HER HEAD ON THE CEILING
having a very confused child doesn't help your situation
yeah
even nick can't fit in the bed
sorry nick you had the option of being a smoll but you chose being a tol
lionheart is dating a short person. Yumgar is dating a short person.
):
"how the fuck are you gonna get Daybreak off the ground, if Leviathan turns your rookie ass into watered-down ground beef?"
that's beautiful
anti has this. Way of stringing words together into the most. obscure, yet poetic way
YOU PLEADED GUILTY?
how do you plead "Idk bitch where's my lawyer?"
have you had legal representation ?
antioch you unconstitutional motherfucker.
did you even read her her rights, anti?
lol tubes beat me to it
Rude
i'm gonna hit the hay i think
night friends
hi dol
hey lys
hey verno
verdict balloon is back https://68.media.tumblr.com/ea196508555d4c5b431f14f9ab78b06b/tumblr_mjmk3fFV7M1s71q1zo1_540.png
that balloon is detroit Ward, Verdict
hey dario, are you new?
just scream until it works, lys
not for long
Penny?
Lope.
it's like jonathan going by 'Than'
the endbringer stuff should be fun.
little bummed I won't be participating, yet again. But there's no way in hell Immy would go anywhere near that shit
even if her boyfriend is.
bro did you miss the session where they were like "So what are we?"
yeah.
yeah. it was a continuation of that scene though.
but yeah it's not up on the logs yet
it only happened like a week or so ago though
he did the knight thing
it was p cute
i'm getting the logs for you, foss
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/lqMbJwdJ/ first half
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/1RvShDOI/
second half
you can just call me Saff. You don't need to be so formal, calling me by my real name.
you said praise satan.
and I am satan
of everyone here, Anti, yumgar, and CG would know best.
do it tubes
isn't that on jack's sheet too.
i think i'm gonna go to bed. night friends
morn
gmorn
vern is a doc
dear god that brings me back. I was in a superwho RP for most of high school.
the badtouch vs aq fight was done as play by post
go home spelt.
he usually comes on in like two hours or so
o7 np
Anti and I have done a couple
I did one with mishie
hey faust
I can't wait to be useless
fuk u
what the fuck. holy hell
changer/tinker maybes
!search abort
isn't it great?
a fun game to play with it is generate three hobo names and then go to your friend. Read off the names and ask them which of the three hobos they'd give their dollar to
i'm glad they enjoyed it
night friends
Heyo
Heyo
Anything going on today?
Nice
It's because I've been playing vidya geam
is that a threat? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
i won't stop you from suplexing foss. I'll probably pay to watch it
bro that's just my kitchen
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Kmrvj1Li/1501711001.JPG
you were saying, spelt?
(and now back to WD)
firlz, wits 0.
oh. it's anti and yum's lovechild again
p okay. finished dinner. gonna hang out with a friend in a bit
i'm behind on running my WD stuff but i'm just kind of. it's a weird week and i don't feel like running.
i am kind of itching to play something, just because it helps me get out of my head. but when I think about running right now i'm like. screams.
yeah thal i'm trying to get that job as a cicada. I have the screaming down but i need to get over my fear of being in a tree
don't touch me, peasant.
$trigger
I feel like this one has been used?
I remember it being rolled. Did we skip it?
iirc, non wrote this. So if it was used, he's gonna pop up and yell at us for forgetting to increment.
idk. whatever category it is, i'm almost 100% sure it was rolled.
What
Sorry I stepped out what's going on why are people screaming at me
Guzma
Ye I'm around
I'm just on mobile.
$luck
Az if you can pm me the stuff
sleep tight
don't let behemoth bite
tubes we get it you dead
i'm gonna play vidya. if anyone needs me, ping me i have my phone. if not. night friends
Hey
Everyone wish me luck. I have a test at two
It's my final final.
Ever.
Ye
So I should rip it in half and slam dunk it on the ground and then go to my professor and be like "I'm glad your husband got stung on the face by a bullet ant"
wow spelt W O W
oh my god
she wouldn't be able to run then
or they'd just have to have hatchetface in the audience
she'd just end up punching someone in the dick
i'll punch cassie in the vagina then.
oh
fuck
nevermind
hey jov!!!
sorry nick
dead
JOV NO
I am done with school forever.
It wasn't cumulative. And she made it really easy.
So now I'm just waiting to be picked up from campus.
no. It's yum and anti's love child
they're always running off playing magic together. a girl wonders.
ALL OF MY MEN ARE DEAD
well. nine are alive. one is missing both his arms and his legs tho
if i don't make colonel after all this shit i'm gonna be so tilted
and vale is here to kill my rolls
hey boo
<3
he's getting automail
but it takes like three years at least to recover
so i mean I can't just like
throw him back onto the battlefield
Lan Fan, you philistine.
that was only one arm and it took her six months
this guy is a chicken nugget with a face
it took ed a full year
and plus i doubt he'll want to work with me again because it was my alchemy that caused it
i didn't know he was in the sector I blew up
I was just trying to take out the snipe that almost shot me
Medical alchemy requires a philosophers stone
Which. I have a lil bit of one left
But I'm not using it on rein.
That's being saved for if something happens to my boo
#Anime probs, guys
again. #faust'sexperiments2
and here are the logs https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MqtXSbddVhtb79tq6TT09-aBdxDWPCcDRC-O6rkhn4/edit?usp=sharing
yep
sorry I killed so many ishvalans
look man. people were threatening my family
it was all "You kill ishvalans or we kill your family"
and I was like "Fuck but I like my family."
thay, I know. it's gonna suck ass
hey meim
GOD DAMNIT VALE THIS IS YOUR FAUKT
i'm really hoping that i'm not walking in on my soldiers doing the fuckle right now.
non you're looking a lot like faust today
kinkshamer
is that still happening? I haven't heard anything in a while.
wow I read that wrong, fulv. I read "It's worse. It normalizes sword culture" and I was like
i'm your favorite garbage, thal
fuck clothes
Shades had Jaunt and Cronos if I remember right?
same
sounds like something you'd blame me for.
I hate you all.
WOW THAT SUCKED
ebay
breaking shit is no fun
wow that's not a nice thing to say about pink, iri.
:-P
sorry i'm a squid
I like that. considering I used to go by Purplepoctopus on the internet. I've long been a cephalopod
how about that wd
foss that doesn't even make sense
if anything I should switch back to my "I'm playing vidya" name
I like snakes.
but welsh isn't real sorry
it's okay bro. Literally we were out all day because we had to run a ton of errands
we got a nintendo switch though so that was fun. worth running all over town
#worm or #parahumans
Guys. I really don't want to minimod, but like. Both nick and I have asked y'all to move it to a different room?
oh nick beat me
sorry for stealing your thunder, nicko.
^
seriously, y'all. Don't discourage people from GMing
Mari, he said "has only played DnD"
heyo
Hey
the war is over, spelt. So no. Now I get to be used as a tool by homunculi. :)
genocide ain't cool, dol
there are probably plant alchemists
it's not taboo to make chimeras so
Astrid would scream if anyone tried to deny what happened in ishval.
holy shit she killed so many people
Lightning.
oh my god faust
lol spelt she's still a colonel.
and if you don't get fucked in the head watching all of your friends die in front of you, then you're p wrong
she didn't start like that. War fucks you in the head
VALENCE.
yep
yeahhhh
dad died falling off a roof. Sister fell into a trench. Brother fell down stairs.
The dressler family should not be around hi thing
hey
foss, you are a typo
i said you were a typo, not a mistake.
hey
wow nerd
what no. I've never worked for the elite
that's not something i'd ever do either, faust.
rip vale has slayed me
it was slayed with sass
I am still alive and i succeeded a guts check
she gets her drank on so much. "I hate being drunk" she says, and then drinks everything
"I'm not an alcoholic" she says, before running across camp, blaring the national anthem with wind alchemy, and falling flat on her face
it's just patriotism.
Amestris, fuck yeah.
no one expects the tiny alchemist to drink a bunch of men under the table.
She can't develop a crippling alcohol problem, though. she wants kids
i thought the booty alchemist was u
whiskey from the bottle
because she's a classy lady
why go to real school when you can just study alchemy all day
vale why this
let this be known. every bad roll is vale's fault.
it's the charge from the extra electrons
fuck being well. I'll eat half a pop tart and six potato chips.
I... i don't know
THE CURSE IS REAL
idk i took some pills mishie
this time a doctor gave them idk
i mean it's the truthhhh
THESE GUTS ROLLS
I can't even blame vale this time
yeah
i can see sounds
i don't know
i've failed too many guts rolls to count
so many failed guts rolls
i can't blame valence anymore. I can only blame myself.
reactions to medicine
The end of times.
Do it
#politics
because i'm a squid.
depends on my mood
because i'm small and full of hate
the off topic has been a problem a lot lately.
i still blame valence.
yeah
it's his fault
sorry boo
I don't believe so
foss, go to bed
and thanks vale
tell, that was beautiful
thanks mom
this channel is blowjobs
can't wait to get me a blowjob on the internet. Do I put my dick in the disk drive?
don't tell me what to do
no. AQ, mishie
night friends
morning
what's up
hi
hi!
Yeah.
it was good bread, though. I ated it all. No one else at the table got any
which led to everyone thinking astrid was pregnant. R I P
no it's. a roll. is bread.
the real rolls were like "hey will you have a bad reaction to this medication?" and the answer was yes.
you.
rip
yum has said he's quitting hearthstone for good now. But he's said that like six times before
rip tubes he tried
I'm sure as hell not going.
very few people can take a hit from leviathan.
please rip my face off thx
Hey
I think it's classy
$welcome sulfurado
$welcome sulfurado
$welcome Sulfurado
oh
did I?
huh
Hi
Hey cg
I don't even remember what I ate for breakfast.
spelt go to bed
why are you smashing val?
Is he dead?
What happened
CLAW WHAT DID YOU DO
Yeah
I'm a vain bitch
OH NO WHAT HAPPENED TO THE HARE
So five bucks nick dies in three sessions
Oh they old yeller'd him?
Oh wow
Rip
We're all going to have to deal with what teller did.
I am a bully
hi
go to bed, spelt
Hey
Saffternoon, my friends
back from my job interview
I mean it was for a receptionist position at a senior center. So if grandma wants to stab me, good for her.
beat up the water monster
spelt go to bed
What about the Guillo-Teens.
when is tubes getting run?
Nice
We're about to get din, tubes.
We have anti for the next hot second
bath boy is going
BATH BOY
ANTI
is lionheart checking his phone?
dunno?
oh he said good bye.
he better not die
D:
guess who fell asleep in fornt of her laptop again?
it was saffo.
yeah i'm a greek poet
tubes are you dead uet
i can't believe tubes is talking to bath boy
if you get lionheart killed I'll piss on everything you love.
it's so tubes can pass his classes thal, duh.
AQ drinks water and pepsi
tubes you can't give this kid advice. How many times have you blown up??
\o/
watch me suffer
yeah
i'll flesh out bath boy. Let me punch him
hey man. Hey.
mute PC all the way
hey mego
HOW U
wow why was my caps on
hey fausto
gross, spelt
fuckin player one
spare the rod, spoil the wink
hahahahahahahahaha
AQ fucked two people in that aircraft
fuck you
):<
Lionheart is a good to fuck
you'll chime in with a "Haven't you people ever heard of closing a goddamn door?"
poor lionheart ):
she won't do any new ones. Shades would kill her
yeah
sandwich girl
queueing up taps for tubes
taps for tubes sounds like a really lame charity
lionheart pls do not die-o
Anyone have my luck roll from edmonton? I can't find it in my notes.
Faust, or non maybe?
I know how to get the logs.  I just don't remember the date the power was made
and non typically knows everything that happens on this server down to the moment.
Az got it.
thanks Tubes
:)
Immy is probably sitting in the living room of her condo right now, TV on, laptop on her lap as she scrolls through all the updates. She's also probably high as shit and chain smoking.
pain train might have shared
If Imm can get herself away from the screens, she's punching the shit out of a punching bag in their cool secret training room
rolls a zero on an ath check
ends up falling on her face, half drink, wearing a tank top in the middle of the desert, while blaring the national anthem with alchemy
fuck yeah amestris
i mean. she did. that's how she got pregnant.
she wanted a baby
yeah
rip tubes
though i am surprised astrid didn't twist an ankle when she busted it like that
fuck ANTI why this
dead npcs
i hope lionheart is okay
lionheart is front line. He has invincibility but i know what controls his power kind of? so I'm worried.
bath boy rip in pieces
hm?
i scream all the time. How come I'm not an endbringer?
i'm 5'2"
it's short when everyone else in my family is over 5'4"
shades doesn't let me smoke crack anymore
same teller. Same.
Immy doesn't do that shit.
Imm helped with auswahlen and that left her fucking traumatized
that would have been a disaster
Kiera: *Fails a knowledge roll* suddenly everyone is dead
let her out for gm
oh my god. Verdict at an eb fight
stick her in a pack of villains
so she gets swole off their sins
and then SEND HER TO PUNCH
Saffternoon all
How u
what's evie doing now?
lol
hey lysa you're so fine you're so fine you blow my mind hey lysa.
hey hey
hey lysa
go fuck yourself, anti
i was referring to the leaf on the wind thing
pray to dice god
i follow a few witchy blogs. Usually they don't promote curses though. ):
hey yo mego
SURPRISE
I'M GONNA REND AN ENDBRINGER
or if you will, Rendbringer
probs
with the way gwyn's fights have gone
I half expect leviathan to see her and go back into the water
"Someone else can take over, I'm done."
rip valence.
means my rolls might be okay XD
who?
I have literally never heard of that person
brb 1 sec anti
and yes nick
Anti and I have had this planned for months tbh.
And I've been dying to spring it
But I've been a good little saffo
Indy2
Yeah.
It's anti's campaign.
Like I didn't ask for this. If he says it's okay then it's okay?
back
when do we get to find out who bit it, ant?
wow you two.
lol it's valiant.
gwyn gets distracted. Spends too much time ogling ass. Gets killed by next wave.
no, he took his brother to the pool
yum told me i'm not allowed to die at this fight because he worked too damn hard to draft this power for me.
yes
yeah but he still worked hard to get it for me
I was at work when the draft was happening
so yum showed up, cleaned everyone up
and then when I got home he was like "So I got you that power you wanted."
o7
I'll try
even though you're not my boss anymore.
XD
OH MY GOD GOLDENROD DIED
Holy fuck
member of indy protectorate
was stationed in Akron, Ohio for a bit. She's the one that told gwyn she got powers
Indy2, teller
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/TbNeQbkC/
:)
oh that's right. SHe's one of yours. sorry, teller.
I'm like. On the edge of my seat waiting to see who lives and dies
nut
DOLYN
SHIT HAS HAPPEN
Goldenrod is an indy protectorate cape, iri
a powerhouse too
fucks teller p bad
I can't believe the piggyback trick worked
you just realized this?
and not when she killed two teenagers
two teenagers that had taken care of her?
evie you're a stone cold bitch
the true foil to leviathan: Piggy back rides
I'm meeting new people by putting their heads between my legs
Liquid snake.
is he related to three snake?
FUCK
FUCK
THEY MADE HIM ANGRY
#indianapolis2 iri
rip pain train
I DIDN'T DO IT
did I spell indianapolis wrong?
No
i forgot the WD
#WDindianapolis2
sorry. eggs are scrambled I just had PEOPLE DIE IN FRONT OF ME
omg thal
she's not dead?
we're pausing
i'm so sad. I had gateslinger for two seconds and I already liked him
anti does this to me. "here saff have this NPC that you'll like" and then he turns around and goes "NOW WATCH THEM DIE BEFORE YOUR EYES"
i mean. I'm not broken up about pain train but like.
tubes why do you have to have a life?
pain train is funny at least
She, iri
we had a girl in my high school strip at prom, kind of
Lionheart isn't dead?
Pain train and goldenrod are
No
?
I didn't say anything like that
both people AQ slept with went to the fight
):<
are you new, Bam?
oh wow shows how much I've been paying attention
night friends
Sorry tubes
People are dead
I want to know how the rest of the fight goes but we have to be kind of in sync. Rip
Hi
I'm around whenever tubes gets on anti
I'm gonna stab u in the eye.
Not you anti your eyes are fine
WRAFF
Rip tubes
jinx jinx jinx
i'm just messing with you tubes
lionheart ISN"T DEAD
suck a cock, non
tubes i s2g D:<
i just want to know who lives and diiiesss
anti this is no time for hamilton
(i'm just messing with you tubes.)
anti's just dangling some shit over my head and I waaannntttt it because I'm an impatient bitch
it's not just about lionheart
#faust'sexperiments2 for FMA shenanigans
yeah. I hate waiting for good stories
anti dangled the tiniest bit in front of me
so of course I'm trying to grab it
TELLER YOUR BOT IS OUT FOR BLOOD
sorry mom
it's not just me, Dol. Anti was getting bad rolls yesterday. Coldgold gets botslapped all the time.
very unlikely
but this roll was for a different thing all together
my team won't let me make a phone call because I'm 2 preggo 4 egoo
*eggo
let me play with my team, Gartner.
Like I get he's just following orders from the fuhrer but like
Fuck I want to do field work
Astrid's not that pregnant she'll be okay! Maybe.
until she rolls a 0 on an ath check and falls on her gotdamn face again
it's 3 baby actually
I uh. somehow rolled really good on that
One gets all the alchemical power. One gets the ability to punch, the last gets to be a sneaky sneak
her husband?
She can talk now ):
you know how they say "Sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelette?" Well sometimes you have to kill a few Ishvalans to get a philosopher's stone
I didn't make it, Mega. I just used it.
I just you know. Killed a whole ton of them
technically it's not a real baby right now. They're just little bundles of cells that can /become/ babies
I killed /a lot/ of them, Mega.
I believe the threat I received was "You kill the ishvalans or we kill your family"
the choice was easy
yeah. Ahya'ari was overboard
wait anti did you died?
lurks didn't you already look for cyn earlier today?
he was on just yesterday or so
I gotta be the greatest hero that ever was
please don't arrest me
Hasn't this one been rolled?
Or am I thinking of a different "child of a superhero" trigger?
did someone say meth? Rip Pain train she was too young
SOMA's local character is a waifu bot maker kind of
don't set the table on fire
oh fuck it's time. I'm here too, ant. got damn. who's gonna die
aye aye
I mean. In a way, we're all being tested by the universe...
cashy hates us all
fuck fuck fuck faust is trying to give me a heart attack
oh so now tubes is at the downed building
rip
i'm so sad about gateslinger
nice roll tubes
rip tubes he was so yung
how are you still alive, tubes?
"whoa whoa whoa man, no homo." ~Gauss, probably
now tubes is caught up. fuck
who dies next
Heroes win this one
Giant Quake seems pretty OP
night anto
sleep wello
I gottem
but for a price
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/84LqVo8g/
hey
Ay
How everyone
Ok. At lunch
hey bow berry biscuit
don't touch me, peasant
's what I figured you meant
holy fuck yeah I'm super concerned about the guy wanting to put an underaged character in a sexualized costume. O.O
oh my god
let's kill puppies in front of May over and over. Great plan
none of us are people
Next week should be good, az!
oh god this guy's post history is horrible
I bite.
actually az i need to talk to you in a mo or two
oh no
you rolled two dice
it's the second dice roll
$roll 2d6
wait that doesn't work sorry
$roll 2h6
the one that isn't used is in parenthesis
but you still rolled two dice
man cashy why couldn't you give me sixes yesterday
watch thalia do shit i guess
$join #WDnorwalk
finishing thal and then sometime by the end of the weekend i should have the opener for arc five done.
just depends on how much yumgar is complaining. (He got himself sick like a chump)
which means I'll end up getting sick, like a chump
am I the only weirdo that gives blood types to my characters?
Imogen is B+, Gwyn is AB+ (that one was actually rolled for, because she got shot in the kidney and I didn't have one written down at the time)
most of my characters are given a blood type based on the blood type personality chart tbh
Millie/Synapse is A+
the story was. This was when Coldhand, Anti, and I were doing meatspace sessions for gwyn
so we were in my living room. Gwyn got shot while raiding the pawn shop. They take her to the Huangtian's old underground doctor that spelt then got. And anti's like, "What's gwyn's bloodtype?" So I rolled for it because I didn't have one down. AB and then a coin flip for pos or neg.
And he's like "Yeah they don't have AB+ so you're getting O- good luck."
at that point the DMH couldn't even afford the good anesthetic so they basically gave her a rag and some whiskey and were like "Well here we go."
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
Gwyn's had a rough time of it
Wolf attack. Shot in the kidney. Branded.
and now she's on top of a building and watched her friend die
"Friend"
i need to bother anti more about the department she was transferred to.
she's a brute!
oh my fucking
XD
rocky doesn't wear clothes
he's just a good boye
you have to find one that's open and ask the gm how
most of the time it's a waiting game
more players than GMs
it's a lot of waiting
make people like you, run a game, get involved in the community and it gets easier
who would that be, Thal? :-P
cwn killed people too
she's a dog girl. wolf girl. Canid girl.
so are you!
that was literally the creed of the middle school.
there was also one to get us hyped for the standardized tests but I can't remember what it was
actually, yeah faust. that was her trigger
a little more complex but yeah boils down to being bullied
np thal
arc four is wrapped up now
yum and then faust.
right now he is. he's leaking disease
woke up to him hacking in my ear. -_-
go to bed spelt
go home then. then go to bed. duuhhh
what's money i've never seen a money in my life..
there's none in my wallet it must be a lie
it's two in the got damn morning i'm gonna go to bed
Get
Hey
Duck
Fuck my phone
shouldn't you be in bed, spelt?
vern stop weeing on newbies
I never changed my name lol I haven't played splatoon in hours
fuck it i'm gonna go grind on ranked again. Sayonara, bitches
carbon copy is what they named the first cloned cat, I'm pretty sure. I think they called her "CC" for short
just. interesting trivia
pretty much none
it's a waiting game
more players than GMs
just don't bug GMs because that's one way to get people to want to rip your face off
nm how u
hi
hey wick how u
Yeah. Finished thal's session this past friday. need to get yum's shit done but he's been busy all weekend. You'd think sharing a bed with the guy would mean I have his full attention but nope XD
not anymore
he's just been workign
well I mean i'm marrying him so sure.
the sky?
BALANCE IS FOR CHUMPS
JUST DRINK IT
I almost took balance for millie and then I was like "Eh she's already dying let's just fucking kick it up seven notches."
usually you make a character concept and then the gm is like yay or nay
One sec I'll link you my san raul stuff because I still have it all
this was the app I made https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ceSskDbOj4nWeil-vIKsfMdnpjoGGqIs_ip12qngvro/edit?usp=sharing
this is the letter I got back
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O5jm9yoQHblE3Q_lv5uyXmCuXIBjX0Y_wmXUzwuS07E/edit?usp=sharing
I didn't link the damn thing
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uP4Cl5gtFAfpjhTNugQjXkKyNhQCdjJ4-ny4OqJKNys/edit?usp=sharing The power
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nuM49_4h9Tn8-HPjz9_rhUHSYCb6dXWniyHxG3_2DCE/edit?usp=sharing the session
so that's basically the steps for a cauldron power
fuck balance
bye spelt
have fun in hell.
:)
it is
like
you work on this character concept and then
man wipe
I don't want to go to wal mart
I'm a target gal
arson jones
Yumgar in cleveland
Knightmare, sidezero
foot
night friends
Hey az
How u
Ok. Got chores to get done today.
Ding dong the spelt is dead?
done with chores for the day
Now I just got to get yum to do his. -_-
hey fausto
hello
are you okay?
I ask because you can't remember what you did yesterday?
"hey lily your sister bit it, so uh."
I'm gonna have to deal with all these people in artisan's base
"Guys, really. Stop breaking in."
go boink Evie's husband too
pretend to be both sisters
"We're not buying any girl scout cookies right now."
"Sorry, Artisan isn't home this is Synapse can I take a message?"
"Me. I just said that."
are we human, or are we dancer?
D:
please don't bully synapse
i can't wait until she gets to kick ass
like it's a great power for a CG-GM'd fight
please don't bully synapse " You have to know that this only encourages bullying.
I mean you can bully synapse but she'll be like "I'M NOT BOTHERED" and then she'll cry herself to sleep in her pillow when no one is looking
and then $join #roomname
firlz go to bed
I BEAT YOU BEL
HA
who needs fruit when you can snort coke?
hm. can you screen grab your settings for me, opti?
$moderate bash
if you want in a specific location
$moderate bash leg
oh valence you're alive
i've got FMA logs that you missed
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MqtXSbddVhtb79tq6TT09-aBdxDWPCcDRC-O6rkhn4/edit?usp=sharing
it's somewhere under the October banner
I mean it's mostly just for me.
I'm not making 20 gdocs when i'm the only one who cares
It's got a nifty table of contents though
I keep it around so I can see what shit I missed when faust comes to taunt me
why tho
vale's always trying to kill me
it's fine
the spoiler alert is that I made everyone cry and it's not just one baby
making people cry is my specialty
the tear alchemist
yeah thal normally I'm the one crying
:)
every single one
"hey guys remember that time we watched all our friends die?"
"Well I need you to remember every detail also here's the diary of the girl who blew everyone up."
I'm a great commanding officer.
Promote me to brigadier general because I'm just so fucking good
I did make him cry.
I made him lose his shit
nothing considering she's married
foss what does sex make?
Babies
it's really hard to get promoted when you miss a year and a half of work because you got knocked up with triplets
^
human sacrifice~
the fuhrer went to her wedding.
excuse me they're beautiful children
though only one is an alchemist. -_-
NO STOP
well i mean there was an eclipse today but no one used it to harness the powers of god for himself.
and also foss. She's a colonel, an ishvalan war hero, and one of two state alchemists in West City. So they're basically like "yeah do whatever."
what was that thal?
she didn't even want to take time off yet but they were like "yeah no go the fuck home jesus christ."
is that Rhinoceros or whatever it was?
Yeah. teller explained the ban.
temp ban because they kept disconnecting and reconnecting
and it spammed the chat
yeah. Antioch are you still awake or are you playing league with yum still?
i'd say anti can do it but i'm pretty sure he's in the middle of league
I can't tell how the game's going. Yum is clicking a lot but he's not yelling. So that may or may not be a good sign
it's like tokyo drift but waifu drift
A single solitary snail. Life is simply unfair.
i'm excited for my edmonton character tbh.
Idk. He's on the other side of town
http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/phineasandferb/images/7/78/Da-da_doesn%27t_work_for_doofenshmirtz.png/revision/latest?cb=20120106215038
i think i'm gonna sleep too
night friends
Help
I need caffeine.
Rip
Hi Faust
Save me
gross
i can't believe you killed andre
you're a monster, non
suplex leviathan
I'm not a suplexer I'm a slicer, god tubes
suplex you into a death field
tubes try not to die pls
then you'll have to go back to crying at pi—WHAT DID YOU SAY PUNK?
SAY THAT TO MY FACE
go to bed foss
hey
hey fausto
idk
ba dum tish
how u today fausto
I had tea this morning as well. mostly because I'm still out of coffee creamer
it's not like I don't broadcast my location. Come on, guys. Bring me a dunkin iced coffee
sounds about right.
either that, or it's the college freshmen that took them
just like you tubes. <3
dol, tubes, thalia (technically)
I think pink is hero too?
Idk i feel like I'm the only villain
Immy doesn't need health insurance we've got shitty underground doctors
right
i forgot cg
how did I forget cg he's a good dude
with a gun
at the moment, yeah.
it's not /in/ indy
it's in RIo
it's the indy campaign but there's no endbringer in the city of indianapolis
I don't think the logs are up yet
and it's not going right now
i think tubes has another bit tomorrow
(because tubes is a butt and has to be free on one of three days that I can't play)
nah it's not your fault tubes. My family is coming into town and they're just being pains about the whole thing so I'm salty
"What do you want to do while you're here?" "I don't know." *sends them restaurant menus* Pick some? "We don't want fried chicken and burgers" "Well you probably shouldn't have come to alabama then...."
^^^
Don't let anyone stop you non
Slam dunk babies
When.
Same
oh dear
dear god
though rebel yell could just be a billy idol fan...
exactly
look man now i have that song stuck in my head
you're all going to suffer with me
not my area of expertise. I know cheap ass wine
wrong flavor, faust
i just don't want to think about the hero/villain teams based around SEC football
anti and I have discussed the horror that would be a WD Tuscaloosa, AL.
Everything is crimson and houndstooth. There's probably a cape calling himself Bear Bryant.
maybe he's an actual bear. Who knows.
oh my god
Valence is the reason my rolls are cursed
I mean i've gotten bad rolls without vale there but like
I'm blaming him
faust and famine
Hell
That was an unintentional typo.
But same
Oh it's apocalypse
I.
Thanks phone
Hell apocalypse. I think my phone is possessed. Do we have an old priest and a young priest or is it just firlz today
I'm not having children
So that won't work
I am Satan
hi dol
dol is dolyn though. Dolc is the other
we've been over this
https://68.media.tumblr.com/8f3522dd92c5da37814b16fd1e7d2ab0/tumblr_ouhznrfzMl1ugx5dko1_500.jpg
Why do I feel like this is pink's character in Indy?
true
audrey would probably fit in the locker too
poor girl
yeah
canon rio
depending on how school goes I might be bullying her. :3
gotta be queen bee somehow, dol
Imogen doesn't cry.
She snorts coke and passes out
nick sits in the corner facepalming. "how am I supposed to work interstice's PR when she keeps calling people cunts?"
See, I don't have to give a shit about my PR.
"Amphetamine Queen Robs Ice Cream Store."
:)
just snort coke with me like a real friend, thal
you're no fun
currently i'm creating life not killing it, spelt
dude she's fucking pregnant
faust's right
pregnancy IS state sponsored parasitism. (at line 46)
-I'm- not pregnant. My character is.
I still don't want a fucking baby. But some people od
*do
look man I'm typing and trying to play fucking. Anime phone games.
Love Live! School Idol Festival is a treasure among mobile games
the new one is amazing
cashy you're a cunt.
I already fucking fucked up you fuck
it was a wits roll too
now I'll never know if I'm being followed or if I'm just paranoid
Yeah spelt a baby dies when you fail a wits roll
-_-
seems like you failed your wits roll
u thicc
what is the ass layered with?
but what about liquid snake, anti
YOU DID IT TUBES
YOU KILLED BATH BOY
CONgrATS
pls no
i love me some grits
tubes killed bath boy
hey take that back
or I'll trap you
Bath boy is dead because you talked to him
oh I'm SORRY I just watched a building full of people DIE
lizard ass motherfucker
oh i know that neither of us affected it.
but it's still fun to blame tubes
because he took some responsibility for the kid
PUNCH MeN
so you're just a fake lawyer
you only play one on the internet
bath boy had it coming
Bath
BOY
HAD
IT
COMING
what's an inside voice?
tubes this man will die
good job tubes you killed him
Did you put that one in or did I do it?
I can't remember
lol finding a pyrokinetic in this watery mess? good luck
wait so you're saying Khandhas' name was Hairy, Dick.
oh. I didn't read like any of khandhas' sessions so I wouldn't know
only one I really read was "Khandhas fucks up with the dust devils"
I wasn't in it. but it was relevant to me
Sure, Az. I don't have anything planned next week.
thank god i'm not the evac flyer.
you will not click click click
in this episode of WD Indianapolis: Tubes gets PTSD
Tubes plays doctor
D:
Niooo
Tubes you're gonna kill him
Good job tubes
You killed him
Is thbes dead yet?
I'm on my phone my fingers don't work
yeah
you're a dodecahedron, anti
I thought hedron died already. O.O
ah
rip
anyone else die since I left?
OH FUCK ACACIA
sorry teller you lost two
also. 5.0 of norwalk is up. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o9bWIfspycepoosf362j94KWnfsHRmBzM1b5BQeQkVU/edit?usp=sharing
poor acacia
never got past her tiddy issues
right?
"Look. own the tiddy. here."
what
dude
she got taken into the protectorate?
she never violated probation?
yeah, but that wasn't a violation
she got a slap on the wrist
because Sirocco literally provoked her
And she only killed one person
Literally one.
and it was another cape
it's not like she attacked a civilian
that was the only one, you donut
Like. it takes a lot to be birdcaged
and she literally showed that she wanted to be rehabilitated.
she only killed one person
Nick I'm going to shit in your cheerios
that was the only one, you donut" minions aren't capes.
NON KILLED COLDHAND
she told nach where coldy was convalescing, but cwn didn't' kill him.
jygg you're making me Saffer.
nick <3
Nick I'm going to shit in your cheerios"
Oh I meant jygg oops
no wait
no your cheerios
that was for the AQ comment
sorry my eggs a p scrambled I should go to bed soon
):<
acid
the burny kind not the trippy kind
ew yeah
I once spilled a doctor pepper on my lap while I was in the car. Yeah. 0/10 experience would not recommend
no
Extra Virgin Olive Oil
jygg fucking fight me
i'm gonna fuckin' sleep. night lameos
Yeah.
I thought I killed him for good
wait valence is playng something
I should curse his dice rolls
foss I am mean
yeah i'm a bully
nope
if you touch my dog i'll fucking stab you
): be nice to my baby tuzi
I'm gonna go to bed
We get it you sore
*sleep
Hey tell
I am home
ur on dvd
what's going on?
yeah
where adonis got eaten by a dinosaur or some shit
Took out both his eyes and didn't know how to put them back
I gotta tease you for that one, spelt. XD
Synapse doesn't have laser eyes either. but she has the internet in them
no, because she doesn't want to connect to an unsecure network and get a porn virus
imagine that? download a virus straight into her spinal cord. Tries to sleep? "HOT SINGLES IN YOUR AREA NOW!!!"
;)
oh no
I don't want this
pls don't give poor millie a virus
*connects to the Stronghold database* *gets a virus from Artisan's porn habit*
oh go
pls no
Anti wrote the table. CG is the GM. what OS do I run?
oh god
XD
that would be so fucked up
discussing tinker operating systems
*installs 50 bagillion toolbars onto her internet explorer*
oh god pls no
Mormon
Morning
How u
Hi dol
no
rude
hi
gonna run faust in a second just need to get a drink
!search medical school
!search med school
gimme 1 sec
vern's a real mod now?
hi dol
hi cg
norwalk, vernold
hello az
when did you want to do stuff this week?
I'm good whenever. Still don't have a job.
Okay! Sounds good
that's why I don't make them, spelt.
either I outsource to get anti to do it for me
or I go, "I don't fucking know she's got a visor it does some shit."
i didn't even know spelt was still running since he's a nocturnal slave of the Wally world now
I'd possibly be up for playing? Depends on if I pass out between now and then.
dunno yet
i'll figure it out at some point. Right now i'm gonna make some more korean death noodles
because i'm hungry, and also hate myself.
once you pop the fun don't stop
Hmm. mega you might be next
i'm not sure what you just said, azer?
i didn't see that until I already responded whoops
but I was v confused too?
it's not a server chan
San Raul is so good
It's v nice
thanks
i'll accept an interview
yeah sure meg. when are you free?
hm. mayyybe sat or sun then?
spelt can't come to the phone right now, please leave a message after the beep
BEEP
https://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/fma/images/4/4f/Nina_ChimeraForm.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20081113020905
as is most of what foss says ever. :-P
Teller, I'm concerned that you're advocating for making deals with devils
Isn't that against TOS?
i mean. I'm satan so
are we?
O.O
I mean tomorrow is fine
I just didn't know XD
i'm just glad Lionheart is safe tbh. Because Immy didn't need to fuckin lose her shit over a guy she dated for two days
oh. poor bath boy
she was kind of a bitch tho
doesn't make her not a bITCH
pls stay out of my base
like. I get I wasn't the first person to break into it.
and it's not really mine
but like.
bro I called dibs
We have a white board that says "There have been x days since the last break in" actually
and nah foss. No distractions. We did decide to go to a movie together after getting mastered hard
Yeah
she just hacked into the building
talked to a few robots
and then ended up bothering artisan until he said yes
even got an omelette out of it
She literally only got him to say yes because she played two dirty cards
"I had cancer" and "I knew your dead sister"
making anti groan is easy tho
one time I made him just walk out of a DnD session he was running because of a bad pun.
liquid snake
go cg go
morn
how u
so rip cayo
I change imogen's all the time but it's always a Panic! at the Disco song.
Anti r u alive
aiight
ayy
leggo
I almost accidentally wrote "Gayn" instead of "Gwyn" and I don't know how the fuck I managed to do that but.
but my thousand folded nippon steel, faust
tru
:)
I'm gonna get bath boy's blood on my face, iri
faust that's like every day for you
"Hi faust." "kys, Saff" "ok."
oh
wow spelt so you're not telling me not to die
R U D E
FUCK FUCK FUCK
I GOT STUCK WITH THE ONE GUY WHO'S GONNA DIE
ttacker
Bath boy is dead, Mishie
I'm STUCK WITH BATH BOY
Indy, Iri
i think technically at this time gwyn is part of the... milwaukee team I think?
gay
yeah
he didn't call it but it can be edited in
bath boy was pre-rolled to die though
tbh I knew before y'all did because I threatened anti in my kitchen
literally he's been slated to die for a long time mishie
most of my knowledge of stuff comes from me looking vaguely sad while anti is in my house
I don't get everything
I did get lumina's secret like a day or two before everyone else did
I was so mad
because I was sitting on a rock in a creek crying my eyes out
thank you anti
LEVIATHAN CAN WIN
FUCK BATH BOY
MAKE TUBES SUFFER
Not like that mishie, gross
there's like. Disease water everywhere
I CAN"t SAVE BATH BOY
He'S DEAD
D:
YOU'RE PUTTING HIS LIFE IN MY HANDS?
THEY'RE CLAWS, ANTI
CLAWS
iri you're rivaling firlz with your wits score...
Cwn was never meant to be a hero
we're all nuts
oh dead
*dear
happens
night friends
HELLO
sorry I took a hot second to get on, Az. Yum and I tried to stay up late for phone game shenanigans and we ended up passing out and not waking up until now
I'll be ready whenever so just give me a yell
sure!
you guys are the worst XD
I should.
spooky scary edmonton
AYYY
"I see through your slime"
I am the slime
i'm glad you are!
I'm excited. Even if I have a guy spying on me through my slime
):<
it also helps if your players exist, foss
yeah the frowny face was to faust
foss I spent less that 0.0004% of my day thinking about you
he's such a fanboy
the groupies are so much fun
Synapse is kind of a cape nerd in a way, but she tries to keep it on the DL.
because you know. Running up to artisan and going "I HAVE A HUGE CRUSH ON YOU" is a bad idea
"Wait a girl who's not an anime likes me?"
It's CG's game, which is basically an anime
Norwalk is an American Canadian teen drama.
though pit bull might be the protag of norwalk.
Thank /you/! I had fun!
He's gotten involved in the most. I think if something happened to pit, though, index would end up being the protag
yeah hops is pretty protag-y
even though he's fucked in the head
berserk was on a boat.
vale you haven't read norwalk? D:
ayyyyy
so I did a thing
No I mean
I know I pimp Charahub a lot but people are like "oh I dont' want to make an account"
so I copied character questions from a few different sources
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nmaNSXVF2NDHWN6C2GT86g_IfDIvv1vPOoDkxzQSGJM/edit?usp=sharing
And made the mega questionnaire
have fun friends
my hands hurt. there might be typos
i don't give a fuck anymore.
make good characters that is all.
I'm sorry faust
You don't have to answer them all
but it's good if you're stuck
I find these kinds of things help me a lot.
and I have fun doing them
yeah. Definitely Verdict
character questions, tubes
16personalities.com also easy way to find out
hey man, as a scorpio i take offense to that
most personality tests are garbage anyway. might as well obsess over one of them
how about if you don't like that question, you skip it?
I didn't make the questions up
Okay, pink. then don't do it. I just know people have asked me about my process, so I thought I'd share
Didn't know I had to put a LJ "Don't like don't read" on it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
It's not a "fill this out and share uwu" thing it's a "I'm stuck with this character I need something to help" thing
grondo the barbarian
that's how I would answer history questions in high school when I didn't know the answer
"George Washington: Was a man."
Hi
oh thank you!
well, 2d4 is just two 4 sided dice
nick sure does. :)
rip cg
teller is a good
yeah. it's the cult of cashy
I tried to give teller a blood sacrifice once and he was like "Why are you at my doorstep and is that a dead body? I'm calling the cops."
I usually just pick whatever icon i like for armor slots tbh
I used a flower for synapse. I think for pit bull faust used dog emojis
bork bork
hey
sorry meg I had a really bad night and I'm just. Not in the mood to run today
I'm really really sorry
what is the reason for your visit then?
don't use mibbit
idk. Maybe you should ask this kind of stuff in #parahumans though, since it's not WD related?
ay
凸( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
They at least know how to eat and walk and stuff
And read?
No
Sometime this week? When is best for you?
Thursday maybe then meg
oh hey. Yeah i'm ready
you might need glasses then
I wasn't being mean! I was making a joke!
"Thank you, didn't think I could see them from here." thus the comment on the eyesight
i'll try, tuzi
You..... you.... motherfucker. Wait. no that doesn't work for you. Fatherfucker, tuzi.
gah. after so long playing in Faust's FMA campaign, I keep fucking up my quotation marks. Nearly ended this one with apostrophes instead
$mutate
Like that
Rip original walloped
Rip puck
it's a great pep talk, tubes
spelt just has to salt because he doesn't ever get lucky
i'm gonna diiiieeee todayyyy
firlz I swear
$roll 1d6-3 firlz wits
oh man that was almost really bad
I have a feeling anti put bath boy in my hands to give him some development before he dies
sorry
yep
\o/
well. I didn't save bath boy
but gwyn lived to flip out another day
thank /you/ anti
 I hope i sufficiently gave the worst pep talk in WD history
which was worse? "We're gonna fucking die" song, or "Top Gun by Gauss"
Bath boy floated off into the sunset
We go from "Amphetamine Queen gets Choked" to "Amphetamine Queen chats with Lionheart over lunch."
nah non
yeah
bakuda comes from bakudan i believe? which is bomb in japanese? if I remember right?
Saffternoon
Yeah. I'm Saff-dead
What's up
I killed bath boy
He's dead
Look man I tried but he floated off
Not my prob
Okay
Not my fault BATH boy couldn't swim.
I COULDNT SEE HIM
I didn't murder him
He does
Does
DIED
fuck my phone
I LOST SIGHT OF HIM
ayy
How about we don't fight endbringers and we just you know. Go
Tuzi just wants to get into your pants
everyone's dead. the world has ended. We blacked out the sun.
iri did you drink whatever firlz does?
thanks, hal
thal
go home spelt
Hi
Anti get the cat off the keyboard
sorry az. anti is just four cats in a trench coat
he tries his hardest
oh nice az
amen to that tuzi
teller
I
too many ts
sorry i was talking about you
wow i'm embarrassed now oopsie
yeah, az
same
yeah, az
i'm v sleepy
i'm cooking dinner
so if I fall asleep my soup will burn
and everyone in my home will die
vale i curse your rolls
was the leviathan fight tuesday the fourteenth or wednesday the fifteenth?
oh god bel are you gonna interview me about robbing an ice cream shop?
I didn't even steal it i tried to pay for it
at least imm didn't flash her tits like gwyn did
):<
that's gonna go on my grave
Here lies saff she killed bath boy
pain train was a woman
her
because I fucked her, firlz
probably
she's done a lot
no, it's sex with a clone
completely different category
bang the clone.
but you are dad
teenagers gonna do the doodle it happens
sexual intercourse, Zero.
it's better than the love glove
amphetamine queen and synapse are my favorite pc names I think
like AQ is Iconic™
synapse is just one that like. It sounds nice and it fits with her power
I did that you numnut
i love deus volt
good night friendos
and friendes
hi
Ago
You ready?
Ago
AYO
fuck you know
*pjone
My phone
Is
Fuck
sorry had to restart my computer
so i ended up having to use my phone
never trust a spelt
everyone died
There's still another one lysa
R I P
night friendos
hey megs
still feeling like absolute shite. I was up half the night sick as fuck. Don't think I'm gonna be in the mood to run today. I'm sorry I keep cancelling on you.
i'm sorry I keep getting you down
it's just that this cold is kicking me in the ass and it hasn't gotten better.
I will
get some robot hands, tubes
and stop blowing yourself up, jesus
ayyy
we have a thing going, me n vale
and that ishvalan flu was one of the best things that could have happened. meant i was absolved of most guilt when most of my squad was blown up
children
three
faust had me roll. I got the very very slim chance for triplets
I thought the equivalent exchange was the sex life?
me? yes
three.
none of them are full siblings so I don't think I count
one is a step sister and the other two are half siblings and twins. Just gotta go once.
fine. equivalent exchange is happiness
but yes. there's three. Lily, Rolf, and Eli.
um rude
I don't think I could pull off the hohenheim though.
like. hohenheim is sad and he tries. Astrid is just kind of like. Smol and angery
like. he's prime anime husbando. astrid isn't prime anime waifu. She thinks too much for that.
spelt you might need to chill your nips
code gauss
he's probably fuckin dead
man. sorry, bath boy
anti told me exactly how he died today. and then accused me of having no object permanence
as soon as bath boy leaves LOS. Bath boy? who's that?
I COUlDN"T SEE HIM ANYMORE
not my fault he fucking got impaled with rubble
not my fault he fucking got impaled with rubble" I mean... it... literally is.
I didn't push him
he floated off
what was I supposed to do? risk life and limb to swim after him
i mean you're kind of right non
but without her you wouldn't have killed your archenemy
anti am I allowed to say?
he drifted off and got impaled on rubble
the current was too fast and carried his raft and he couldn't counter it
so the poor kid, who was like sixteen, died on a rod alone super far from home
rip bath boy
HE FLOAteD OFF IN A DIFFERENT DIRECTION
god
y'all are on my ass for letting him die. Thal's on my ass for not flashing him before he died
pffft someone make a pho remembrance thread for bath boy
"Love and prayers to his family xoxo christi in dallas"
tuzi you're so behind
$welcome grondo
yeah you already got it
there
case closed. everyone hit the showers
there's donuts in the break room
tuzi if you eat the last jelly filled again I'll fucking kill you
oh mega i have something i saw that screamed mendez. let me find it
i am a monster
i can't find it wtf
man i thought i reblogged it but i'm like 12 pages deep into my blog and it's just anime and dogs wtf
black hayate is a good boye
Hey
Who are you
O.O
Hey druz. How are the seven hells this time of year?
I'm sorry I'm a bully Vern
Put me in jail I guess
Look what you made him do
Hey
Well you're s good
A
Not s
Phone why
oh buuurnnn
it's okay bel. I have a crippling smoking addiction through my characters
I wouldn't have /picked/ to play an addicted character but Amphetamine Queen is literally my favorite now
^
yeah. i've never done drugs in my life and yet I play fucking /Amphetamine Queen/
you can't have my precious daughter
Yumgar. He's my fiance. Shows up here every so often
yes
Oh Deer, foss.
it's a choose your own adventure game
based on a deer
Why not?
also I got bored last night and made an instasnap feed for indy https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EtEukNKTDExH_Wkziw-pwa2ZCuqd0nyYPI3RxnxpBBM/edit?usp=sharing
i think it's a chocolate drizzle
idk it was a stock photo
you're just a shit in general. :-P
it's our schtick
oh dear god no
yumgar is yumgar
he's in the living room sorting magic cards
here lies spelt he did something once
dunno
i fugure you breathe sometimes
san raul is so good
can't wait till cg runs more
rip puck
nick tried
i'm probs gonna have to fight him which makes me super nervous
like. I want to fight with millie because her power is suited for cg's action packed style. but holy fuck I don't want her to get killed by hops
hey. she has some regen
and as long as there's a stable wifi connection she should be okay
"Sorry can't talk not connected to the internet"
pray 4 rio
vern made randomguy10 in a san raul pho thread
it was basically just "sending love and prayers"
yes, Bel. Fish.
we're back baby
find a queue that's open and ask the GM
most of the time though there's a long wait
like mine.
not having a queue i mean
I don't want a first born
I don't want any children please keep them away from me
i'm very sure.
don't touch my son with your filthy hands, foss.
he's a good boy
but yeah pic. it's really a matter of having good timing
and being patient
most gms are nicer than me tho
you basically have to exist to do that
Look, I may not be nice.
oh. I'm just a bitch whenever. Gotta keep up my image, ya know?
faust is the only gm who's managed to kill me
you take that back.
inside voice, druz
i'll shank you and feed you to the bears, foss.
i've never been chill a day in my life tuzi.
i'm around, pink?
https://68.media.tumblr.com/df2fd79002a914c2dc13c46be7e8bf4b/tumblr_otlr3h0DMk1u6n5tio1_540.jpg WD Norwalk
well, RoD is wildberry, of course.
I'd say pit is sundae. Index is s'mores. May is brown sugar cinnamon.
Kian is blue raspberry. Damian is strawberry unfrosted.
Jack is cookies and cream.
so that leaves the director as strawberry frosted.
and yeah spelt. he's a good boy.
go home foss u drunk
https://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/fma/images/1/11/9-1.png/revision/latest?cb=20130322010222 his breaker form
I said /his/ not /mine/
foss u fukt up
it was
Koto. Koko was her sister
you'd have to ask cg for that
and why would thalia want spelt?
i guess i'm sacrificing foss to the dice gods next time
wow div you're a NERD
yeah but at least i'm marrying someone tuzi. Ooooh burnnnn
oh damn. the curse to get rid of firlz didn't work
blushy is dead too and no one's crying about her
damnit, I was going to say Miss Fisher's. I couldn't remember the name tho
https://68.media.tumblr.com/772e47cbc72dc0030603d4cf9264e698/tumblr_ovzjxmmqDC1rqelmto2_400.png Coldgold is this the sign we have hanging up in the stronghold base?
XD
hi
heyo
get some depends
It's kind of gross that your flesh minion tastes like nacho cheese
What would you rather your flesh minion taste like?
What would you rather your flesh minion taste like?" Potato chips.
oh. that's disappointing
back to the drawing board, I guess
vale it's time to not
yeah. i'm not too keen on the marshmallow idea
it's just a little too much. I think your minion should maybe go with.... yeah i'm leaning towards pork as well
meatball could work
but saltwater taffy has so many different flavors
I'd lean towards watermelon, maybe. or peanut butter flavor
then someone gets the licorice taffy and that's just.
a crime
vale we /talked/ about this. Don't do that, man.
you know what else is fucking loud?
me.
no, because i'm italian.
i'm disappointed no one is an otter
0/10
Good morning my friends
Now you're probably wondering. What's Saff doing up before noon?
I had to let anti into my house to steal magic cards.
of no
rip
have you lost a toe, faust?
i'm usually intuitively sure what my characters will do
i usually only consult sheets for stats and/or double checking a history I wrote
don't usually do more than a quick blurb about personality because it should come through while playing
prt is just kind of a pain
less agency, more bureaucracy.
can't say the fuckle word
cry, probably
prt shit is rough.
though it'd kind of be funny to see a campaign where everyone works at the prt and it's just kind of office style. I'd laugh.
lol pink that'd be kind of hilarious tbh
horrible
but we need to feed small girls to verdict so she can grow large
parks and rec is good as well.
same basic concept
and yes thal
not for norwalk, foss
just in general
because everyone just wants to punch each other in the dick, apparently
i know thal. I know
yeah
it works better in theory than in practice
but it's a funny idea.
like. on one hand i want to see more squaddie characters. On the other hand a squaddie character is basically just gonna be running around and foaming bitches
maybe if they get a little crazy they'll foam each other.
i fucking hate patrols
holy fuck patrol sessions are the worst
i hate GMing them
i'm coming off being drunk and about to go to bed, shoob. so that's a no for me.
yeah. it's. you don't want a "Oh nothing happens"
but the reality is. Most patrols nothing will happen
but yeah
what pink said
but still it's like
I hate having to come up with a plausible reason for someone to jump out and be like "Oh i'm robbin this bank"
you can be super prepared, side. But players gonna shit on everything
my fiance runs a weekly DnD and there was one week where. He had this fight planned out and his players thought a funeral was a cult and committed genocide of a tribe.
and thanks thal
I tried to get some procedure in with the character dev, I guess
my "insane" moments... Shooting jetstream. Ditching wink and joining the protectorate.
turning myself in in Berlin
which is why i put it in quotation marks
unfortunately i didn't blow up a serial killer
that too
god damnit cg making me have to pull people from a truck
lol foss.
I stabbed a dude
because I was told he was a villain
and then I got blackmailed
and instead of letting the dude blackmail me I went to the biggest hero org in town and was like "Hey I did it."
Mishie got me off. It was fine
but allowing the character to keep getting blackmailed would have gone against her backstory. But vern wasn't expecting it
he shot FIRE at me
that heart would ahve been too spicy
mishie has done more than firlz
faust please do not awoo here
i just wanted pizza, pink.
he fell asleep in a trash can once
Zoup! was the name of the restaurant that was my evil base, Rosa
Non fucking destroyed it
hey meg are you free like. wednesday?
well. the people you're gonna be interrogating ain't gonna be happy with you, Megs.
we had bread bowls
I know it's your fave, mega
XD
all of my logs get put up jsut as the session ends
there shouldn't be anything missing
nep is a bitch
You'll find out, Megs. :)
who did you expect to be friendly like shades?
oh
yeah
fuck speaking of shades...
shades is so good
the poor guy has put up with imogen for years
not yet claw
he's not everyone's dad. Just imogen's. but they both get mad if you say that
you are correct, side. he does make sure she doesn't OD
because the one time he wasn't watching her she went off and OD'd on heroin
XD
man. i'm getting blamed for a lot of shit
i've shot a hero, committed genocide, threw a man into a rend hole. Stabbed a guy 37 times.
i've got a job interview tomorrow. I'll be sure to mention it
the genocide was on military orders, Meg.
like i didn't just decide "hey let's exterminate a race." it was "Hey you kill these people or we kill your family, capiche?"
i'm aware of that, turn. if it's any consolation astrid was very sad that she had to kil them
thanks thal
every horror and incident on this server can be traced back to me,yes
vale. vale. calm down
you're flawless, vale. ;)
i'm always down, spelt. I have clinical depression.
Hi
Hi
Goodbye
Forever
sorry claw
gotta give a blood sacrifice
wrong spelt
i'm not sacrifice material
because I'm satan, spelt
this has been established multiple times.
all sacrifices must be postmarked to me
Nah man the Feds can't touch me
My tic I think is "Frowns."
i did it once when mishie was on the phone with someone
she frowns.
he wouldn't know that
he's on the fucking phone
Comrade Cold
:)
yeah but AQ was changed after one mention of the old name
that was a quick fix
It was Deep End, CG
because she went off the deep end and also her craters are like a deep end.
look it wasn't very creative
and I was joking with anti in facebook chats that I should have named her Amphetamine Queen
and anti was like
that's her name now i'm changing it
you can't stop me
so it just. happened and you know what
yeah
she is AQ
but Amphetamine Queen is so much better
it's trashy but also like. Hell yeah
and it means she gets to run around wearing a fucking ermine cape and a crown
BLUSHY LIVES
thal kills all
that's a lot of homeworks, anti
if anti hasn't snapped and killed one of his students yet, it probably won't happen
he's had some real dunces
he does have access to a laser cutter
that he and the other lab people admitted they use for stupid stuff because they have a laser cutter
it's a cool fuckng laser cutter and i'd do the same
at least he's not like half the donuts at the university who have tried to 3D print a dildo
need to reread the social skills
Typically you learn those by interacting with other people throughout your lifetime
go sleep van
hush little vander don't say a word
we all throw our problems onto faust
see: San Raul and Norwalk
Morn
Meg I'll be with you as soon as I get back from the store
I will do it dol
Just need to make sure yum is properly clothed
Anti wears the same few tee shirts on rotation
one mo
ready
game in #WDNorwalk y'all
one mo
or meg will do it
thanks meg
yeah sorry
sorry i got distracted
rip meg
nope meg
spelt u don't even go here
i killed you off
one sec side
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/S1ZbyiHH/
hey bow
yeah.
i had that issue.
also I had shitheads for players
what I did was set it up as a heist. everyone was being contracted by a dude to steal some shit from a museum
but then my players were shitheads and one of them got killed by the rarest pepe
both anti and yum have GMed this guy as well. he's just a shithead player
also. you don't have to worry /too/ much.
because I started playing WD with anti before I read worm
he did give me a super crash course though. nothing spoilery though
I didn't even know it was based off a web serial for uh. probably until anti had me join the IRC or so? I can't remember tbh
i knew about endbringers. I heard about S9. I knew what a trigger event was but not /why/
oh thanks well.
I'm glad you're enjoying it. Dunno how mega feels though because he's got an uncooperative perp
why are you jealous of me?
that's a matter of picking good players tho
hello
we only bite if you ask
spelt is alseep i think
Log's formatted
thanks cg
I'm thinking you might be next?
yeah. hm. Maybe this weekend since yum will be out of town with anti.
faust you're amazing
i think cam was talking to foss XD
oh
mega go to bed. What time is it over there?
keep it in your pants, firlz
i can affirm the attempt. that's why I told you /down boy/
are you even wearing pants?
all the norwalk logs are up to date
that's almost norwalk.
i need to read talla. I just. have no patience for anything right now
i'd start with indy, since it's by one of the big GMs but it just started recently
San Raul is a v v good longer game
and then there's my game
:)
like i'll be real. I'm a fuckin attention whore look at my game and praise me.
https://goo.gl/g4X9MH
there
you welc
no, foss.
I want the love my father never gave me.
there's child murder, thay.
i'd start with indy, since it's by one of the big GMs but it just started recently
i mean yeah you're not very tall but you make up for it with....
your personality
?
also y'all this is how anti fuckin tags my AQ stuff. "AQ does some stupid shit as usual"
I haven't done any stupid shit yet. ):
well. uh. wait. did drugs and drove a car to get burgers and cheese fries. that's pretty stupid.
don't flatter yourself.
i'm being discriminated against.
that's unsanitary
well you get a couple shot glasses and a bottle of tequila and...
magic mike imbues magic cards with his power
bath boy basically made soap suds that exploded
and no one knows if greenbat even has powers
considering the asshole says he's the son of batman and green lantern and has quicksand hearing
and i'm not joining the trinity god damnit
also I never hit ally, only betray. only way to win the fucking nonary game duh.
cwn's not in indy anyway
-_- wow jygg
go to your room
she'd make the k9 unit, faust
jygg I don't even know where to fuckin' begin with that.
that's not even the only part of her power? and the defensive utility isn't the main goal? Also like??? How many bullets do we even see in WD?
yeah, but AQ is a merc. She makes her livelihood on knowing how to use guns
not meth
and like
still. her character has always revolved around her use of guns
like. why are you taking a huge steaming dump on my characters tonight, jygg?
wat
since when has she ever been like "Oh I like explody things"?
she doesn't explode
it's kinetic bullshit that makes craters
it's just high impact. there's no explosions...
something like that? Anti can you help?
"Power: Meteoric Impact - While airborne, Amphetamine Queen can crash land into a target location or victim, creating a massive crater that serves as difficult terrain, dealing two instances of Moderate Bash damage on a direct hit, or one instance to any individual caught in the area of effect. Dive bombing a victim is a Blitz attack roll modified by the Athletics stat that they must meet with a defensive roll, whereas victims caught in
the area of effect must make a Dodge or Withstand roll of DC 5 to avoid the effect."
that's the writeup of her impact from the sheet
o7
jack no what
and I don't know
those are questions for anti
she's an alexandria package, but no thinker power
just mover/brute
she does have ranks in blitx
*blitz
what
no, filz
opposite actually
she has jack of trades
two extra skill points and she can move them around
no
firlz
wits 0, man
triggered running away from rehab
shouldn't have closed the fuckin charasheet
"Your parents snooped and found your drug stash. Total overreaction. It would be bad enough if they just sent you to one of those wilderness rehab places - the sort of place where you have to hike every day and make a fire by hand at night, but this place is fucked up. The stories the others have been telling you - counsellors climbing into kid's tents, kids being punished by being whipped by branches of pine needles... you were already
stressed, and this doesn't help. You sneak away to get high - speed, your drug of choice, which you managed to hide from the staff. Just when it hits you, the flashlights start to pan out, searching for you. Nowhere to hide."
brute/mover
that's what she is
I have milestones.
Yeah
It's some of that.
I also got an extra skill pip and there were a few gambles to lose the addiction.
She also knows hand to hand combat and firearms. Which is a lot of fun
I don't know how does gauss' power help with getting blown up
Yeah
It happened real different for me
Invictus you donut
And kusakabe
Yeah :)
That wasn't me
Holy fuck wits 0
XD
I only cauldroned in a safe environment
To get rid of brain cance—no
Thal is TOL
I am SMOL
jeez
Bwanding. Bwanding is what bwings us togethew today. Bwanding, that bwessed awwangement, that dweam within a dweam. And bwand, twue bwand, wiww fowwow you fowevah and evah… So tweasuwe youw bwand. (at line 512)
hey man some of us had to suck a dick for a vial.
millie didn't!!!
She got her vial because her dad was snooping on some dude's embezzling and cauldron was like "Hey man don't look into this anymore" and he was like "I'll do that if you like. Fix my dying daughter."
and they were like "Well I guess."
thalia just took a vial and chugged it in a bathroom
I didn't take balance, no.
^^^^^^
ding ding ding
night
morn
i burnt my finger making pancakes
i don't even like pancakes
i prefer waffles. Anyone who wants to engage me in this debate should probably take it to #cooking
who's bel going to harass?
since he's the paparazzi
i want an exclusive interview but you need to fill my dressing room with blue M&Ms and 12 pounds of cocaine
yeah
CG would cry tears of joy
yep
I'm considering bribing a buddy to bind me a book of San Raul
Mail it to CG, he'd love you forever.
anyway. brb
Ayy
Wow I get left out of your pitch, bel.
kys #WRTV6Blogs
am i doing this right?
just turn into cape TMZ
Amphetamine Queen Drug Scandal? The inside scoo—GoD DAMNIT THALIA
it's always my nips
XD
just don't publish guidance nip slip. she's underaged
guidance showed up and started begging people to ask questions
Hey man the people at my condo had to deal with a supervillain moving in.
I mean they don't know
though the number of pot holes in the neighborhood is going up
ayyyyy
when does freddy get the cwn annwn action figure? you press her tummy and she has a nervous breakdown
Hi
I'm not playing today you undersized salmon.
Vale and I are friends
Gross
Stranger danger stranger danger
Hey
Cg you want to do index tomorrow?
Ace
Morning Faust
It is
I'd like to chat with you a bit about it when I get home cg
You killed your professor, tubes?
Wtf man
Oh
hey vale
eh. dunno vale
and sorry net. Vale and I have a thing. he curses my rolls, I curse his cow. It's all good
maybe?
that's vanderhuge's friend
or boo?
Ayyyy
night friends
hello
quitter
hey
ok i guess. better than last night
gimme like. two hours and i'll run you cg
that's how it was when I worked at TXRH
but like at this point i'd just be glad to have a job.
thanks!
hey CG? I'm really sorry but i'm feeling kind of lousy today so I think I'm gonna postpone the session.
thanks spelt. Sorry I let everyone down.
Existential despair
Also making dumplings.
Oh you're reading through norwalk? Where are you?
that's a good one
bert isn't cool. Bert was the square. Ernie was the cool one
he's trying his hardest maybe
best stranger powers are ones that aren't genned to be stranger powers tbh
I have an NPC in Norwalk that was my PC in a game my fiance ran. She has a power that allows her to manipulate light. So she can make herself invisible by bending the rays of light around her in such a way that she doesn't appear. Not a stranger power but a stranger application
it's just. certain classes are harder to gen for. People tend to have trouble with strangers
thinkers too
Hi
Hi nick
Dive cock
Not sure yet. Just woke up
No
What if the real best girl was the friends we made along the way
we're all dead on the inside it's ok
that's the twist of norwalk. everyone's actually dead this is the afterlife
(it's not.)
it's a mystery
heyo vale
okay I think. I've got a chai tea latte, a puppo, and some blankets
too late I finished it
and my son is not for tradesies
he doesn't gnaw on things. ): he just pees on them
i don't carry a purse
i'm glad you're liking norwalk :)
there have been some very good moments in Norwalk
The seven hells. "I got shot with head blood"
Stealing Dick's pussy.
I'm really glad that you like it. I'm a vain bitch who thrives on attention.
:)
i'm like tinkerbell. If you don't give me attention I fuckin' die
I forgot about the fuck even is a kale
also like. anything that happens to Damian
bless his soul
pierce
mod pierce i think
I try
Withstand
Yeah
Cg has it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y9Tty4Jg10
it's okay. most of us are unwanted too
vale is a murderer
and he gives people the ishvalan flu. and he steals power pumpin juice
same
oh no you're sleepies
good night
oh you're reading norwalk now?
nevermore
i'm gonna sleepies.
Hey
hi
i've been here.
hello
goodbye foss have a nice trip
it's monday. chat's usually dead because we're dead
that's just what happens. wait until people start getting out of work at least
i'm a weeaboo not a dork, thanks
don't be mean to anti he tries
and makes cheesecake
it wasn't a dumpster it was a garbage can spelt
firlz drink water
spelt you're not even reading SR anymore
and if every game is cops and robbers that's fuckin' boring.
XD
can't wait to kick some asses with synapse
and also maybe fix artisan
"here artisan, stay still while I inject happy juice into your spine."
Hewwo fwiend
like, no one net.
yeah but they agreed to go on a movie date while being mastered hard
did that ever happen, cg?
Nah, it's probably okay not doing it in session
and yeah, Claw
he got millie from her house. He buys food.
and he's a college student
WD is really easy to GM, net
man cg now you got me pumped about SR
back again
CG's Back
Tell a friend
identity theft
sell candles
you can't commit identity theft?
thalia i've told you not to pee on your hands god DAMNIT
have I ever taken a hostage? I should think about doing that
spices up my game
who are we not killing, faust?
let thal do as she pleases
it's safer for us all this way
she already did that
mmm not sure about that spelt. My in laws have a new stove (got within the last two years or so) and it's gas
people who are serious about cooking usually go for gas
because it's better for food than electric
yeah.
there are other things you can set on fire though
yep
like me
you'll get a lot of burning hair smell tho
I have a chronic smoking addiction through characters tbh
AQ smokes because she started it as a way to get attention from her parents. I also really like the way it adds expressiveness
it's fun to write a scene where a character is smoking
because it adds extra description
the way the smoke blows, whether they take a drag or continue talking. The way they hold it, flicking the ash, how fast they smoke it down
I've never smoked a day in my life and i'm against smoking. but damn it makes for some good visualization
Same reason it was really fun for me when astrid was mute. Because I /always/ had to know where her hands were and what they were doing
If she's holding something, she has to put it down to sign. people have to be looking at her if she's going to communicate. I feel like it really helped my positioning in my writing
yeah that too
i don't need to say who my druggie character is XD
he would oh god
"I got you a cauldron vial to cure your cancer and now you're high on oxy?"
they jacked it with tons of vicodin
instead of adding balance they added Gregory House
it was only lupus ONCE
and it took four or five seasons for that
go the fuck to sleep
no, u
deliver pizza to my alcoholic former child star ass
you miss everything
oh you quit
that's why
Hello
nah interview is this afternoon vale
Thanks lys
Thank.
div you're a NERD
(yum is going this weekend too)
WOW you don't use windows what a nerd
hello Az
yeah all the floridians are dudes
the girls here are like. Me, thal, lysa, and dol. and that's about it
And that's alabama, oregon, wherever the fuck lysa is, and wisconsin. no florida
Lysa are you just made of old bay
ayyy
who was that? Machina?
oh. apparently not a memorable one because I can't even think of who he is
Happy Tuesday
Rude
Is he actually a pizza boy
Amazing.
Bring my alcoholic ass pizza
Harper Pierce. Former child star.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN
Thal, stab me in the face.
thanks bae
thalia is the dark side
together. we are powerful
anti i thoguth you were ASLEEP
what
oh
yea
idk
not like wink did anything really damaging
castrating people is just a WD pastime
Morning fuckos
How u
^^^
:)
You guys flatter me
I'm gonna run him this weekend!!
If I get this job though my running times will be severely decreased.
Saturday I think it was?
hey
i'm back
I wrote this
hehehe
changer flavor? Probably tastes like MSG
rendy kind of wounds
usually sharks just do "one bite and then realize you taste like human and swim off"
it's a lil bit of both i'd say
I can't swim, bud
not really, foss
you don't swim in an aquarium
VALE HUSH
what did the power end up beign?
nice
zoom
i'm terminally bored as well, iri. unfortunately there's no cure
special?
oh deer
last i heard from faust, his nose was running like a faucet. ):
ayy
his fiancee will take care of him, hopefully
and +27 to moose
this poor poor pizza boy
villainy probs
I have to constantly feed on power lines so
D:
also my character is an alcoholic former child star
pretty much
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/UZnUi7Pa/
for her history I basically wrote a hollywood "Where are they now"
do you need your penis, fulv?
yeah. Move in.
trying to escape the paps.
tbh i'm excited for my barrow character. "Hey aren't you..." "Go fuck y*urself"
uh... faust when did you give me the spot? Last week?
he had me do cauldron, CG
i'll try
"Okay, you have to drink this all in one go." "I do shots every night that's no prob."
chim chimmy chim chimmy chim chim chiree
Saffternoon, WD. ARE YOU READY TO ROCK????
When I say weaver you say dice! Weaver
Ayyyyy
the mods aren't home but i'm gonna stop before I get yelled at anyway
teller has a sixth sense
I may be silly, but I pride myself on my good noodle chart
we will rock you, duh?
Hey guys AQ wrote a book: https://68.media.tumblr.com/1e48fddc11acf5d6de02af647153312a/tumblr_o92zpiRoNE1qz6f9yo8_540.jpg
Pray for my soul
Thanks
i'll start the bleeding again if you need me to
why not, spelt?
net just delivers pizzas between the three sessions
Yep
The strongest drink of all
I'm not fuckin drinking cyanide jack
p much anything can kill you
r i p
net where u pizza
o7
you get stoned 420 blaze it
surprise i caught you you're a ward now you're getting GROUNDED
oh sorry
you're protectorate you've been caught. PROBATION
Hi friends
Getting my hair done
Hm thal?
Nice
hey fausto
hey cg
where's the full scot?
the campaigns aren't super connected but often times we reference things
like I know in my campaign i've referenced stuff that's happened in anti's and coldgold's
rio isn't anti's game.
yeah kind of? I know we've traded NPCs before
yeah
and there are some running jokes
like Prom Dogs.
$welcome halfscot
Forgot to do that
sleep
you two knuckleheads.
Go to bed
he's a waiter
I'm gonna head to bed. Night nerdos. See you 2moro
Saffternoon
what's up
should be running once cg gets back from work
okay. ready 4 u cg
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill. (at line 560)
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill.
yes, scot
I'm running a game in #WDNorwalk right now
session logs are in the topic, but you can watch along with what's going on now if you'd like
if you're referring to continuity within a campaign, then yes
campaigns have sessions that happen in order
it's fun
I have a posse
oh we just missed the anniversary
GUESS WHICH BITCH IS EMPLOYED????
he is a boy
i'm the bitch
\o/
thanks
it's a good job. I don't have a field since I dropped out of college
Call center
Can I be rose gold instead, Az?
faust is actually a yeti
"Yeah hi I'd like a large Jaunt with extra Technician?" "Do you want balance with that?" "Nah."
don't tell me what to do
contrary to popular belief, thal. Not everything has to go up your ass
please do not vape the space whale
white girl? is she friends with white lady?
how about black man?
p okay. I had cake. Got  a job. a lady in publix said she liked my hair.
you never forget your first
$welcome Cheshire
oh
poo
ooh hot pot. Yum
why do I need to get down?
oh thanks
it's ya boy, cogo
Oh so uh. to my players and GMs. Since I'm getting a big girl job my hours on after next week are going to be a bit reduced. I'll try to work with everyone as much as possible though!!!
I'm gonna be a customer service rep at a call center, net.
paperwork simulator 2k17
is this the office or is it parks and rec?
it's like the mace of healing. Does 1d6 damage and then heals for 2d6
I've been to a bunch of job interviews lately I can interview everyone
net, what are your qualifications to run this?
Oh. I killed my cactus by accident
I uh. forgot to water it and it died
gl, faust
you're very qualified
zipperful? no relation to zipperless, I presume?
damn
it's been so long.
old spark, mishie? he's right next to me.
oh
the crab and deer was beautiful
yumgar comes on sometimes. I can get him on if needed. like i said, he's in my bed
he just tricked me. i've been bamboozled
that's the full davy jones
hey friends
are you not a friend?
yep. I'm the worst. Bow down
thnx
I'm a little ticked but that's because roommate stuff.
they don't have plates they just use ours
Zipper is Zipperless, AKA Invictus from Cleveland
Why did I get pinged?
I'll try to break it zip
o/
how u
nice
same well
sometimes you just gotta slime
dear god
cg's was good
thal did
thal wrote the trigger, mari
ilu vale
i'll be a newbie hitman. meaning I've never been a hitman before not that i'll kill newbies.
I mean I could kill newbies if you needed
craft (satanic ritual)
i'd do it vale
yeah. most people don't need craft
I DIDN'T DO IT
):<
he didn't drown he got impaled on rubble
"Civilians? I think you mean dinner."
there's not much of a future, foss.
i don't consent to my character being used. but yeah she'd headbutt scion in the dick tbh
i'm so not going there.
let's just. drop this before we get in trouble.
really not the place for it
O.O
also foss i'm a little confused as to why you want to run a oneshot with AQ and redshift when neither of those are your characters
I'm just saying. /I/ definitely do not consent to you using my character. I'm sure anti would feel a similar way
Kind of novelized.
and lol my availability is about to get tanked since i'm starting a full time job
Yeah vale
I start oct 5
yeah foss but money.
and health insurance
thanks vale I'm really excited!!!
I'm enjoying my last week as a NEET
 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
thanks
huh what, anti?
same.
but i /do/ indeed get pinged by the first four letters
night anti
maybe don't ping people just to piss them off jygg
so WD...
it's a waiting game, really.
easiest way to get in is either to run a game or to stick around for a while and contribute
help with gens, just be a positive person in the community
don't act like a jerk. the basic rules of kindergarten stuff helps
i'm too fuckin' sleepy to give more advice. basically, don't be a dick. Running games is good. And be prepared to wait a long while because most games ain't recruiting.
anyway
sayonara, tomodatchis. Gonna catch me some I don't know how to say sleep in Japanese.
l8r
hey losers
hey
why would you want to prevent murder, spelt?
putting a mechanic on killing clunks things up and makes things boring
"I want to kill this man." "Wait roll to see if you're too much of a bitch ass to stab him."
In addition to the roll to actually hit
fuckin boring as hell
yeah
HIT EVERY BUTTON YOU COWARD
DO IT
oh sorry i'm italian that's my inside voice
that's my response to everything tbh
does he have a philosopher's stone?
i'm an ishvalan war veteran. I killed a lot of dudes
yes
he'd be a shitty alchemist though
he'd just turn everything to piss
hello
no. it's equal to the related stat
so for like. awareness you can't have four pips if you only have three in wits
here's an answer: No.
oh uh
I really don't know
there's not really a crit in WD if I remember right?
morning
hey well how u
nice.
time is still irrelevant for me. I'm just sitting with the puppy, drinking a monster and playing phone games that waste my time and money.
is it at least a motorola razr?
hey firlz there's this cool thing called a PM.
ba dum tish
don't do drugs kids
yeah. fuck the internet
when did you want to resched for btw, faust?
Monday would be okay? Fuck I forgot I have con shit on tuesday. Monday or Wednesday. I could do sunday if you didn't mind me running cg at the same time?
there's a possibility friday might be okay? they only said /thursday/ but I don't want to explicitly say friday is gucci because I could show up thursday and they'll be like "and these days too."
I'm not sure how training works tbh
ace
oh my god
I should have noticed sooner
Jimmy McJohnson?
which monster bitch?
oh yeah
take it
I mean. Jovial hasn't been around in 5ever
so
*was
the heat death of the universe
u
saffternoon, peasants
hi
how everyone
itchy. roommate's kitten wanted to play and I got caught in the crossfire
very much so
he was so cute though
he wanted pets
and was purring
and then he grabbed my hand and didn't know how to not claws
yep
he's a cute little orange bastard, though.
p dead 2day
no
uhhhh... I mean that's not really how we do it here
ur 4 fun
like 2015 I think mishie
What is this for, marcy?
-_-
i mean it's 10 at night and non is the only one that really expressed interest?
no
marcy just wants a gen but won't tell us why
 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I think foss means you don't really come in this channel
you frequent others, but not this one
Okay like
Say you're a dude with a bow
 and there's a guy with a sword in front of you
and you're drawing back your bowstring
and sword dude stabs you while you're trying to shoot him
he made an attack of opportunity
free stabs
thanls non
hey. at least my xp will go to someone
after my death I drop one (1) glasses, one (1) wire, and one (skeleton)
non killed me again
what's up, witches?
2 spoopy 5 u
same command as all of cashy...
$seen
and hasn't been around
Dunno when he'll be back
okay don't spam the bot
he's taking a  break, not dead
If you need him that bad I can message him on FB for you
U
what's the gen for?
isnt' that just pink and thal in sicol?
you're going to break poor non
can you not ping me like six times, foss? I was doing dishes
what do you need?
i tried to kidnap her once.
what was the question though?
i'll just wait until i'm doing something again and he'll ping me six more times and then leave when I'm actually free
it's pyrokinesis and the fire has a secondary master power that compels people to look at it and gives them a feeling of euphoria
her power is literally just this http://68.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lypbnnRFcY1qe3dmw.jpg
hyperbole
no i'm not joking. she was initially part of the meme team in new haven. she was based on that image. there was one that was the O RLY owl, another that was bird school. egg. and pepe
hey cg
rip
hi
we're mourning the death of my sanity tbh
no
hi
dude I'm not being a poop I legitmately said no and no one else said yes
you /literally/ didn't wait for a yes
there was like half a yes from one person though, pink.
jack will your janitor be a trained assassin and carry a katana?
hey vale
calm down man, we're just joking.
how u vale?
omg faust
I.... jack pls tell me you're joking.
oh thank god
I was like "please tell me you're not dumb enough to not know how to make a character"\
but with my roommate being a moron i'm just surprised every day
I did and then everyone bitched at me for making it, faust. ):
people don't like filling out forms or whatever.
Every time I try to do something fun or helpful I get bitched at so I just stopped trying
not wd related, jack
you gotta go to catholic school for that shit
......
how
cyborg sounds cooler, you nerd
also cyborg implies robotics
while prosthetic is just like
stationary
Why can't it be Pepsi gal?
thal
oh my god
no
u died
i don't make the rules, bel
aren't you american, jygg? we don't have a prime minister
i'm an atheist
okay, just because the mods aren't on doesn't make it okay to act like little shits
what's going on? O.O
foss has done weirder stuff before
i have no clue what's going on... so i'm gonna go to bed. night fuckos
hi
go heck y*urself
i'm trying to watch my fucking language for the goddamn children in here
it's interesting that in this context, the phrases "blow" and "suck" mean the same thing.
because I was going to make some quip about how you should make your ideas suck instead but.
That would be just as insulting
don't make fun of faust for being plague addled ):
at least now he's not murdering teenagers
I just hope that millie's mom isn't gonna drag her over to the PRT kicking and screaming
he's not my boyfriend!
XD
she does not, in fact, have "Bang Artisan" as a goal.
I think
it is not on the list of goals
She kind of completed two but also kind of didn't?
"Meet up with Artisan and discuss reforming the group." She did do this, but they didn't reform stronghold.
which was the intention of the goal
"Get a lab that is not in her home, so that her parents don’t have to worry about walking in on her self-surgeries" I guess she did do this one
me too
yeah. Hell yeah
anyway I gotta get to bed. Work in the morning
night y'all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGpZ9xaQLYQ
hello
i just woke up cam. That's the reason for the groan
is stranger 0 just a dude in a van with candy?
hi
hi
hey
hi
hi
r i p
A blu blu satan's bullying me
za warudo
Hi
hi
hi
I thought it was OptimusRhyme not rhythm
also ur a stupid word
i'll fight u vale
Saff is short for Safraninflare. Safranin is a histological stain.
I made the username when I was taking a microbio lab and i was using that shit all the time
\o/
fight me irl
i didn't mean to actually fight me i'm small ):
hi
Duck my ass
hi
i'm dead
):
hello panda is a type of cookie
yeah. they're like koala's march where it's a cookie with a filling. but hello panda is superior to koala's march
Hey
sometimes people announce too
like Faust is running an FMA thing in #faust'sexperiments
:3
just because the rules allow it doesn't mean you should do it. :-P
gross
happy birth faust
Hi
Hi
Dunno. I'm working 42 hours this week
Sorry. ): work comes first
i'm so fuckin tired gah
no i'm tired because I was working a con all day
I mean. kind of but it's not WD related
Morning mofos
how u cg
good!
nm well. I'm off today too
which is nice because I worked a twelve hour shift yesterday
I thought that "and killed a dude" was to me
and I'm like "well I wanted to but I mean."
I worked a twelve hour shift and killed a man. tbh it sounds like me
Hi
Not that long. Only seven hours today
Next week I'm scheduled for 44 hours so. Today was a cakewalk
Oh. Yeah. Nah. Just working later shifts.
12-7 as opposed to 7-3
What's up fucks
Hey
hi
happy halloweed
i worked 12 hours. Want to trade?
dude i work in a call center
my job is pretty great tbh. I'm just going deaf in my right ear but it's fine
yeah
then i'll go deaf in both ears
most of the time i'm just telling people they can't make a doctor's appt with me
maybe SHUT YOUR FACE. I kid.
<3
hi
nm vale. off for the weekend so i'm trying to decide what to do
o/
nm. off today and 2 moro
O.o
you just. Paste. A link?
howdy
why you weep?
oh. lame
hi
oh no it's an overused joke!
hi well I'm good. worked. Now I'm home. first time I've gotten off when the sun was shining in over a week
hey
just the tip
foss jesus stop burning things
bad
the group gens the powers and the player can't say anything
:_
*:)
sorry it's a monday i can't fucking type anymore
they're good bots
also hi i'm home from work no i don't know when i'll be running norwalk again, no i'm not dead.
spelt go back to bed
sucks to suck i guess. :-P
man spelt i'm trying really hard not to make the joke I want to make right now
i didn't kill her
hi
how u
yet.
I got my vial for free and now I have no cancer and a super boyfriend. I won.
hi
lame
hi
what did I do
oh. idk. she's mover/brute. I think her brute rating is higher than her mover one
yeah. she can stack to crit bash if she chains them iirc
do it in pm pls :)
i was hoping I could catch cg but he's gone
fuk u
lol nah foss. I caught a cold so I'm at home eating soup. Have the day off tomorrow though
god damnit though i still need to find cogo
I'm not free monday tho. ):
wait i have his phone number. I should text him.
man. i get a full time job and now it's like romper room in here
i just don't recognize half of these names lol
:-P
learning our secrets. Our weaknesses
what flavor of american tho
because you can be like anti and I and be CST. or you can be like cogo and be EST. or you can be like faust in be in fucking alaska
:)
Yeah oh no me
jeez i left for two seconds and you got a new saph.
(i've been working 40 hour weeks. I don't tend to get on as much as I used to)
D: i cannot belib
you don't see me much because i work forty hours a week and when i get home i'm dead
yes
tattoo it on your forearm for next time. :)
hi
i got on my computer with the intention of writing and now i'm watching shit instead. my life.
a plan that is AQ approved
boii
you rang, boo?
i'm off for the next two days. I'm a free bitch
she's my garbage child and I love her
I mean it's text based so yeah it's like a writer wrote it because writers did write
that made some sense i think
Nick i worked 11 hours today i am allowed to word vom
Yeah. but I have three off this week. I'm off for the next two days so I might screw around with something on Wednesday. Not Norwalk but who knows.
and some games are nearly dead
Heck yeah
i'll kick some ass
uhhhh. I should be awake by 10 my time?
I'm off for the next two days so really whenever
I just have to get some writing done while playing because otherwise yum will make me clean.
I made a deal. XD
Ace.
get your game on
go
play
yeah
I didn't watch the video tbh. been a little busy since I got home from work
ugh I wish. this shit is exhausting.
I love my job but like. Man sometimes I wish I could just lie around and fuck off
morning fuckos and fuckettes
And fucks that don't identify with either gender
how u
morning to the fuckos, fuckettes, and fuckarinos that have just entered
oh
shit
hey cg
o7
i'll be staring at my gdocs trying to write
tru
FINISH YOUR PAPER YOU PIECE OF SHIT.
you'll never be the law if you don't do your shit
i'm so walking into some kind of stupid fuckin wo kogo wo ambush i'm 90% sure but like.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
yeah because thalia got them all killed
we're getting sued
thanks pink
lol it'd be even worse if you spent an entire session waiting for a table at a chain restaurant
"YOU TOLD ME FIVE TO TEN MINUTES AND IT'S BEEN AN HOUR. FUCK YOU CHILI'S."
"Mom can't we just go somewhere else?"
GOD DAMBIT this guy's defenses are 2 good 5 me
I almost triggered that way working at texas roadhouse tbh
):<
fuk u mishie
man i'm waiting for the day that millie accidentally downloads a virus
man i'm writing present tense here and then i have my writing that i'm working on in past tense and you can imagine how many mistakes i'm having to correct
you're 12
sorry u got mutated
but like i'm not sorry because WE ALL TOLD YOU NOT TO GO IN THE HOLE, BOY
how long before synapse gets infected with malware?
Fun tinker date ideas: "hey baby can you install antivirus software into my spinal column?"
cg u alive
rip
he's alive!
it's all good
Yeah!
I'm having fun
I'm kicking butt and becoming a computer
SAY THAT TO MY FACE
did i ask you spelt
"Move bitch get out the way." "lol why" *dies* "That's why."
rolled a 1....
i h8 u
I cannot believe i got showered with stupid juice.
WHO NEEDS HUMAN FEELINGS BECOME ROBOT
SAFF YES
\o/
I was considering using the overclock, but I don't know if it would work to recharge the glitch pulse for one more shot.
CASHY YOU'RE KILLING ME
BUDDY
I AM TRYING TO BRING THIS GUY TO JUSTICE
I WILL BE THE NEW BUCKLER. I'LL SHOW ALL OF YOU
):<
I AM SCREAMING HOLY FUCK THIS IS INSANE
I jumped out a fuckin window
dude it was only a second story
and I have a regen
Basically the plan was "if I break a leg I can keep running and it'll fix itself in a hot minute"
IT'S PHYSICS
man though If I had landed that shot on him it would have been badass. Literally using my momentum to knock him on the ground.
I was thinking more like a better adonis.
one eye at a time.
she has a regen. So yeah she does self surgeries.
her entire spinal column is tinker tech and she'll slowly start replacing parts of her brain with tech
Her power is pretty dope
but it's cauldron so yeah
uhhhh. i don't know? ask Anti.
spelt is buuuuullllyyyyiiiinnngggg me
<3 ilu thal bb
EXCUSE ME it runs google ultron
man last night's SR was awesome
I jumped out a window and kept running after a guy
i can get you logs in a mo megs
I'm just wrapping presents
wrapping dog toys is not easy
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/7Wum9KlS/
there's SR
WHAT'S UP FUCKS
oh i'm not having a good day at all. People were shitty at work
but I solved it like an adult: alcohol.
picking fights at all is a bad idea
just blow them all up
:)
non sleeps?
O.O
catch faust
we miss him
get married already so we can have our friendo back
anti thought up an entire WD cleveland tarot set
which was cool
too bad he couldn't get the art done
(seriously though faust i'm v v happy for you.)
i love life flaws Give me six
Literally getting drug addiction for imogen was the best thing that could have happened for that garbage child
same
man like i can't wait to use Synapse's overclock and just watch her shut down. :3
don't remind me that I have no motivation to run norwlak
like on one hand i'm making bank. On the other hand like. I miss y'all.
I am moving to 4 long days, three off days at work tho. So maybe more time.
so long as I can sob over the half a session of FMA we still have ):
don't say that.
I believe in you faust
one day
one day astrid's story will be finished
don't stop
Believing
I still have like half a page to write before I can go to bed
pray for my soul friends
nah man. I'm not in school anymore.
I promised i would get to page 20 of my novel before I could go to bed
And i just did. So i'm gonna go take a sleep. Night losers
i'm off today, spelt.
I wonder what would have been different if someone didn't steal hops' bike
that boy ain't right
like we were all rooting for you, hops. And then you got a taste of murder.
^
you have every context
teller you pulled a purple girl out of a mutant hole
and now he's gonna try to fuck my boyfriend's mutated sister
tell that to hops.
:) I'm a legend
the woman, the myth, the disaster
I am at least two, thank you
i haven't made a cure yet
but that's been put on the backburner for things like "turn off pain," and "become robot," and "maybe make a bitchin motorcycle."
get good.
maybe you'd fuck up more people if you slowly removed your humanity
i'm like. Adonis, but cooler and with boobs.
!search adonis
He tried to replace his eyes with tinker eyes, was like "oh i'll color code the hookups." then took BOTH OF THEM OUT AT THE SAME TIME AND REALIZED HE COULDN'T GET THEM BACK
So he called the girl who made him trigger, who he NEVER DATED
and tried to get her to put them in his head
I, on the other hand, put my robot eyes in one at a time.
I did the first one before I met artisan
then the other did happen in the lab so I guess she could have asked
but that's weird
"hey i have a crush on you please install my robot eye"
She's already like. usurped his lab space and also just randomly crashed at his place
yeah. that's about right.
they went to the movies together but that's about as far as it's gone.
I dunno where she slept when she stayed over.
XD thank you tell.
but AQ is my favorite trash baby
i still can't believe that non and anti got artisan to admit he jerks it to anime tiddies.
and she's trying to pull herself together. With robot parts.
nice job hops you don't know her name
I don't even think I know her name.... Do I know it, Cg?
fair. Guess it never came up. I know she's seen the pics of everyone unmasked.
gee, I wonder why.
STOP SUING MY BOYFRIEND, JILL
gee, I wonder why he hasn't put it out yet
IT WASN'T HIS FAULT
it wasn't buckler's fault either!!!!!!!
your mom
oh my god hops i swear if you bring this time bomb into my goddamn lab
WOW CALLING ARTISAN A SHUT IN WEIRDO ALL RIGHT MEET ME IN THE PIT, HOPS
1v1 me irl
th-then. I name uh.
uhhhhh
oh.. but teller and div are already down there
and I think half of SR is there too
maybe you should put up a sign that says "Don't go in the mutant hole."
PARTY IN THE MUTANT HOLE, FREE BEER
have you tried caution tape?
have you tried NOT BEING A NERD
but i'm so smol
look, guys. SR would be a lot happier if we STOPPED KILLING EACH OTHER
says the leader of the mutant mafia
W A T
E X C U S E M E
YOU ARE KILLING ME HERE BOYO
i'm just waiting until i get called for a cauldron favor
hey
how y'all
hi
i worked 11 hours today
i'm off tomorrow
so idgaf
at least I didn't have anyone screech and swear at me about their cable today
hey fuckos, fuckettes, and fuckers.
eh. It's just my day off. Shit happened last night so I'm kind of in a mood but i'm not exhausted
hi cg
how u
eh. pissed at yum's parents but i'll live. I'm off today so I'm trying to enjoy it while i can
you know how I gen powers?
I don't.
:)
i've been here 5ever, spelt
i've only ever had one 9-5
Right now i'm usually pulling a 7-7
as opposed to 5am in the night?
I get three days off a week
this week is 7-3, 7-6, 7-6, 7-6 and then my weekend off.
I like my job. the people I work with are great.
yesterday we played a game called "fuck with the solicitors."
I'm a CSR at an answering service.
ur mom is a tinker
i've never played a game of chess in my life
why would i play chess?
what up losers
bel ur our loser
What up
what up
it's still morning here
but the good news is that i'm 20k into writing my novel?
20k words that is
not moneys
so this is the farthest i've ever gotten into anything original, unless you count the novella my bff growing up and I wrote in high school.
I still have that saved in a file somewhere
hi
cold
no. am the queen of the thermostat
but I keep a box fan on in the room for white noise
and that's what's making it cold
but If I turn it off it'll be too quiet
i'm not running my laptop all night
yeah. I need the white noise when I sleep too
i've got too much cosplay stuff I have to buy in the next month
lol
i'm like. super nervous because the con I work is next month and I still have stuff to buy
Nico from Love Live, Yoshiko from Love Live Sunshine, and Nora from RWBY.
because it's an anime con?
when i'm not working 40 hours a week and trying to write a novel on top of that
you can complain about the fact that i didn't get any writing done yesterday
nah, bel. Yesterday I played pokemon and then did christmas with yum's family.
hey anti i just remembered i'm off tomorrow if you want to get some stuff done on the pbp
i'm also around until like six and for a bit after whenever I get home
i got the office christmas party 2day
hello friends
WD is not allowed
this is my kingdom now
here we only play monopoly
but i'm always the banker
because fuck you
don't tell me what to do
I DIDN"T KILL HIM
fuk u
I DIDN'T KILL HIM
it wasn't imm that did it
\it was gwyn
she is
she tries
rip
Mm I love drinking some rigged election 2012
vale wtf
please do not let any children sit on spelt's lap
bel stop sexting princess december
nm vale how u
FINALLY THE SECRET OF QUICKFIX IS OUT
so fucking. gah.
"It was not funny. It was very troublesome and confusion."
"Jetstream: "Hurr hurr let's make a cape who can fly really fast but it's too fast and she can't go around corners haha shards are great," said Antioch, newbie GM."
Wrong. her power is to get hit by gun.
because I work in customer service, nick
no one liked her
yeah but like meg you were her boss
you have to say that
go home, spelt
best secretary ever
"Scoop: Wink really wanted to recruit a Case 53. Like he was super into it. I don't remember why. But I made Scoop for him. Here you go, Wink."
he wanted to fuck the 53
you blew everything up, bel.
for a GIRL
):<
but yeah goldenrod was like 'join the protectorate u dangerous'
and gwyn was like "hey how about I don't."
and Grod was like "hey how about you NEVER WORK IN THIS TOWN AGAIN."
i mean that's not how it went down but like
I never finished it but here's where you can read about golden rod and jazz
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-Ltl9BFP7ZJh--1Vd8kv6F7pRX7IWhy75MgbJ6-ruB0
I HAD MORE IDEAS WHILE I WAS PEEING AT WORK AND I FORGOT TO WRITE THEM DOWN
the new quaff flavor: peeing at work
you can't even afford a bed that fits your giant wife!
hi mego
r u de
D:
mish, her dog's name is Duckie.
Which now that I think about it is way too similar to my dog's name.
because he's a NERD, blrose
go to bed foss
what up fucks
Look, when times get tough, you're not supposed to blubber on the phone. You're supposed to shiv your cellmate and connect her arms to your forehead and then go on a Shiva assault against the first guard to check your cell.
i'm in a agreement with fulv
shiv 'em
that's what imm would have done if she had a cell mate and or wasn't dealing with drug withdrawal
speak of the devil
hey meg would you have been mad if I tried to shiv my cellmate
imogen
she didn't have a cell mate
oh shit we haven't hit quote 666 yet. I can still take that spot
:)
shades and imogen are both. Well. They work well together, even if they constantly seem at each others' throats. it's because they're both emotionally constipated and don't have the ability to say "I'm kind of codependent on you because you're the only stable thing in my life."
who knows? whichever one is hot
i could have second triggered.
ahhhh. Okay let me check my schedule rq. I'm off thursday, probably finishing this session then but I can do both if needed. I'm off Sunday, uhhhh. uhhhh. Monday, then thursday, and sunday again
so if any of those days work for you
LOOK MAN I DON'T HAVE MY SCHEDULES MEMORIZED
ye.
she doesn't need her muscles melting off
I might have to take a quick break in the middle to run an errand but other than that sunday is goo
fuck gryphon
she called me a whore
just refresh irc cloud
I didn't try to fuck ehr
she just showed up and was like "oh you like Lionheart you're a whore."
):<
I'm gonna beat julia with it
at least it's not the tampon locker
I'll shake on that
that's just a public school bathroom though
In my high school, someone threw a fish in the urinal
like got a full fish from the supermarke
and put it in the urinal
you're not wrong
my high school was just. A mess
there was a... well he taught spanish and greek. Mostly spanish because the only people who took greek were greek kids who already knew how to speak greek. But he found a pair of hot pink, period stained panties in the back of the classroom
anti u ok
Oh yep. we'd do that too, ful
it was drinks though
They stopped selling slushies in the cafeteria because people would chuck them down the stairwells
A friend of mine got slushied and then she fucking wrote an article for the paper whining about it
Like. You got slushied. It sucks, but now you look like a whiny bitch. Just walk the outer rim of the staircase from now on.
yeah. definitely not the worst thing to happen
or just look in your pants.
amen to that fulv. my character for berlin was all "I lost my child" and I'm like
Lol please don't put a baby near me
I used to work at a day camp
which was basically the same thing
reaalllllyyy don't want to go to work today ugh
like it's only a four hour shift but fuck going to work this late in the day makes me want to rip my face of
*off
but i did this to myself by volunteering for these hours
she just kept nearly triggering and didn't.
so she stole a cauldron vial and drank it in a public bathroom
detroit is a ride, prim
Sometimes you win, sometimes you end up with some weirdo screaming "Nugget" over and over into your ear
and sometimes you lose your penis in the worst scavenger hunt ever
look mega. Look.
at least danny still has a dick
or most of one
what up fucks
oh shit it's ig
san rauuuuuuuul
logs????
of ig
yes anti
leave artisan alone
faust please do not harm artisan
please leave him in one piece and do not make him cry faust
then you haven't met faust.
I mean. Hydra is pretty hot.
but like. Come on hops you don't just kidnap a senator
smells nice. could beat crawler if she was smart.
bread smell
man. fuckin' quaff
like i hope he's not dead but man fuck the guy
We have a white board that says "There have been x days since the last break in"
but so does faust.
nah. Hush and Hops both busted into the crucible
yeah well. Hush didn't read the signs
now I'm gonna have to be the one to fucking make a cure
now that evie can't make me cry
tbh I was kind of hoping she would try
millie's a very "Save the tears for her pillow" kind of type but saying the right thing would make her break down
no, we're distrusting you because you shady as fuck
you lead the island of misfit toys
will the real slim shady please stand up
Great. The director is peering into stronghold now
everyone is coming into my appropriated house.
poor millie getting hecked.
hey yo well
gonna get my butt kicked today ahh
GOOD PUPPO
but yeah AQ vs. Sword of Damocles today
Yeah, I heard
she's a binch
she'd shove julia in a locker
I DIDn"T BUY IT
GONNA KICK SEVEN ASS.
I'm off today?
I don't work M-F
This is my first day off since last year.
off today, off sunday
oh shit i'm off monday too
\o/
I've switched off to working four long days and having three off days
which is pretty bitchin if you ask me
did you get fired
Gonna get my ass kicked
can I get logs from pink's sess
oh thank jesus.
when I get bad rolls i sacrifice spelt
Resssst in pieccccesssssss, sssssssssshoal.
i am the GOD of dice
and i would scroll fifty nine miles and i would scroll fifty nine more
this fight is stressin me omg.
i am either going to kick ass or get hit by a fan blade of death
beecause it's hard to kick ass when you have three swords in you
probably swords, firlz.
and a one way trip to Caduceus' lab.
:3
do I have to?
EXCUSE ME. I only did that once
man god jeebus. Both sword and I are rolling hot
FUCK MY LUCK HAS RUN OUT
the pact is sealed
I'm not dying!
it's a pit fight
if anything she'll just be embarrassed
firlz. Buddy.
$roll 1d6-2 firlz' wits
SCREAMS. My luck. It gone
CASHY I LOVE YOU AND PRAISE YOU, EVEN IN TIMES OF HARDSHIP
you're just saying that because you don't want to get stabbed, nick
HIT NUTS HIT NUTS HIT NUTS
at least it's not OG walloped
hello tello
in one window: Troubled teen gets helped by nice hero. in the other: Amphetamine Queen fucking wails on Sword of Damocles while skewered with a sword
"Get educated, bitch."
I think Imm just channeled her inner Jesse.
damnit, protecting your balls is for nerds, buddy
i mean yeah thal but
hey, hey. jetstream is still alive
look okay. sometimes i do bad things in rpgs, like attempted murder, flashing, joining meth orgies, and/or genocide.
but like.
at least I didn't fake my own death by putting someone into a box of acid
When did I do that?
Oh. Right.
Heh
I'm spiders George
but you learn to love me
or tolerate me
when I actually run things
Can I get that in writing, Mish?
AQ is my favorite trash baby I love her so much
Look man I thought Damocles was stripping
man i love body horror tinkers
hi
gay.
same
hi
thanks
you're fake
hello fuckos, fuckettes, and fucks who do not subscribe to the gender binary.
what happened
hey yo cg
I'm always excellent, Well.
:)
cyborgs biker gang
today, yep!
I had to give myself a refresher on my character. I forgot she had shard sense. Bitchin.
she's pretty rad. I'm excited
Yep!
anti, you're stroking my ego
but yeah. I'm excited. It'll be fun
o7
az is ther emore or did you forget a ||
taking the dog out brb
back
BUCKY IS TRYING TO STEAL MY CHEEZ ITS.
He's taken one out of yum's mouth before
bucky likes cheez its.
yep
I kind of did crit fails, but not in a "lol you cut your hand off" but a "Lol you fell on your face and now everyone's gonna laugh."
You just don't want people to bully you for falling on your face.
Norwalk was.... Degrassi meets teen titans, plus Liam Neeson with a dog
then you obviously haven't been me
Well. I don't really fall a lot. but I hit my head on the same part of the wall like. once a day
WAIT FUCK I SHOULDN'T BE LETTIGN ROWAN HANDLE CHEMICALS
well bye guys I get killed off Edmonton because I let the asshole who gave me radiation poisoning play with draino
I go back and he's mixing bleach and ammonia
I'll run it again, I swear!!!
brb one moment az, gotta run to the store
back
THESE NERDS BETTER NOT SLOW ME DOWN
Edmonton, Iri.
lol
Protect the tiddies.
This operation better go well oh my god.
My inner controlling bitch is screaming. Because these two knuckleheads are either the best or worst thing to happen to me.
Yeah! Thanks!!
hi
how u
good. Well. Annoyed I guess. One of my lazy ass coworkers tried to get me to cover her shift on my day off. Again.
She's constantly doing this and I'm really sick of waking up on my day off to my phone blown up because she decided that she doesn't want to work the rest of her shift for whatever reason
and it happens ALL THE TIME.
and then she complains about money. Well. Maybe if you worked your shifts you'd have money
I told them I have plans. Because I do
finishing edmonton with az and I might run something for Faust
thanks. :)
Gonna run something in #other
Hey az
I'm around if you want to finish
hey Bo Berry Biscuit.
you've obviously never been to bojangles, then, spelt.
Man now I want chicken.
well, you're wrong then
nailed it
i'll fight you
[METAL] [BIRD]
A session is basically a vignette. A snapshot of what the person is doing in that point in time
so sometimes it takes a few days to finish
Tosses knife. Just makes bonnie angry
Cashy I thought we were friends
She's spec'd into soc and know, not knife throwwwinggg
Man, this is one of the most brutal things I've done in WD.
And that includes throwing terry into the rend hole.
Sometimes you jump out a window to stop a bad guy, and sometimes you get paid two million to torture a girl and cripple her for life.
I'm hamstringing a villain for money.
No, he's on the other side of the room.
irc user Yumgar. He's not logged in. but he's playing vidya.
I mean I guess I went in saying "I'll break her legs" and then I ended up severing you know. Her tendons.
Breaking someone's legs is bad. But like.
This /feels/ worse
Holding her face in slime.
I forgot she was half naked. Well, that makes this REALLY awkward.
Well, more like a ham
since it's the leg.
I attacked her at her house
and she was putting her armor on
but didn't get the pants on in time
because I tried to blow up her snake
I never saw her face.
Just her ass.
Yeah
Not my fault she tinkers in her house
keep work and home separate
lol claw it's okay. Spelt is just salting.
I'm a for-hire merc. That's the point.
there are always going to be hitmen.
Honestly, hitmen are taking out pretty bad guys half the time. They're doing a service, even if they're acting outside the law
I did, Az!! Lots of fun!
Mire for Hire.
she didn't kill anyone
it just seems back because she carved this girl's legs like a ham.
Like. AQ is definitely worse.
Because she has killed
and will kill again.
AQ lives her life outside the unwritten rules.
I mean her latest mission is to unmask the wards for the elite
which is suuuper scummy
man i thought someone was trying to reach me. turns out it's just that someone said queen. ):
immune to fall damage is more useful than you'd think
I don't believe so?
she made a 53 into a smear once
whomp
AQ is immune to fall damage
but she doesn't make the craters unless she's using her power first I believe
and the only time she's successfully cratered without a flying start is when she jumped out the window during the raid on the devil's base
and that's because it kind of echoed her trigger
so powers got strongr
Look faust. there are things that are never going to stop: you being typecast as dad, you getting grappled, people breaking into the crucible...
hi
hi
Wait i already said hi
what up cg
nice
tired, but okay. I've worked 22 of the last 48 hours
I took extra hours to help out and i regretti
What up fucks
I'm ready when you are cg
o7
Home cg
O7
Gotta set up.
Today is a wd and fixing cosplay day
Man though. after watching the greatest showman, I kind of want someone to make a circus themed group
Yeah
sob sob son
No
the only thing that's gonna rip is Gecko's ego after this
how do I make everyone in the room as uncomfortable as possible
!search booty to pinch
cashy come ON
Mommy moon is going to lose her shit
probably
what did y'all do to mego
thanks dad you're ruining my life
look man. my dad may have cramped my style, but he never told my mom about my illuminati activities
Look man. Claw, if you had a cute girl coming to your place where you live alone. At night.
Wouldn't you try to hop on that
He's literally only like two years older than her. That's not jailbait
GOD DAMNIT
Probably
EXCUSE
FAUST WHAT DID YOU DO
):<<<<<
FUCK
are any of us medically trained
!search med school
Faust stop throwing people into the hole
STOP
omg
though if you think about it all humans are like
donuts
you're one continuous tube from mouth to anus
WHO DID THIS SHIT
WAS IT KALI. WAS IT YOU FAUST?
I BLAME ALL OF YOU
I AM GOING TO PUT HIM BACK TOGETHER
I'm NOT BEING RACIST
the offshoots are being pissy because artisan's dad did an oops
SCREAMS
okay y'all. I gotta finish this mystic messenger chat and then i'm going to bed. Night losers.
Cg has killed me
Hey gaudy
Daydreaming
Faust
Like. Man that cliff hanger
I don’t get a hi
Hi iri. At least you’re not rude like SOME PEOPLE
hi boo
<3
Hey
How ye?
Big mood today is me trying on wedding dresses.
thanks boos
fuck u
I bought a wedding dress.
Your saffo is getting hitched
faust is right there...
No. Chill.
Caaamm you have to have your session. I'm dying here
GO FUCK YOURSELF MISHO
I'm not going to let artisan die, I'm not going to let you sue him
I just need cam to have his session so i can finish mine.
DO NOT BREAK INTO MY BASE I AM ELBOWS DEEP IN GUTS RIGHT NOW
though I wonder if Millie could try to formulate a healing serum using her own blood. Doubt it, but she could try.
okay cam so just. See all that dying and just don't do it
a lot can happen in two days. You might be all better by tuesday
THEY DID NOTHING WRONG
BUCKLER DID NOTHING WRONG
tell, please do not bring that mutated monstrosity to my lab.
Because she's mutated and he's missing who knows how much flesh?
Man. How do I even get blood to pump into him?
Like. No anesthesia. No extra blood
Like. I might have to call in a SeriOUS favor
"hey gecko I know I just embarrassed you in front of my family but like hey my crush is dying and I need some supplies."
"Yeah can you bring me like. Idk morphine, a couple bags of O-, and maybe a xanax so I don't lose my shit."
Throw in a strawberry milkshake.
Can Millie even use Xanax? I know painkillers don’t work on her but I don’t know about other medications.
i'm dying squirtle.
How do you fix a bleeding tinker
Like. Fuck. This is going to be based entirely on what she’s downloaded
EXCUSE ME
SHE DID NOT DOWNLOAD PORN
Rude
U
cam are you feeling alive?
sobs
How you
Are you running cam
Please tell me you’re running cam
DAMNIT
I NEED TO KNOW
😭😭
i'm lactose intolerant you insensitive fuck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv5fqunQ_4I
why don't I believe you,f aust?
is there fucking rock in artisan's wounds
he's more alive than shoal.
Forensic rock analysis
man. if artisan dies millie is going to have to join the GIT
I'll do it
I'll do it
dattebayo.
Look guys. Look.
I'll do it
I CAN DO IT
unless nona busts in again and pisses on all my things
No, Anti died, you wet noodle
yeah cuz you salty
🙃
Penis
how's SR going?
firlz always dies
and there was one instance where he died cool
romance death. Take her out to dinner.
I’m way late to the party but Norwalk is fucking around with style.
And most of the fucking around was because I based it more on the personal lives of capes rather than the cape bits
There were cape bits
But the juicy bits come from things like the teenage drama
I love me some teenage drama. They think they know everything but they’re all dumb idiots.
And on that note. Good morning my friends I have the day off. I am a rested saffo
It was stuff I saw was posted last night
And idk van. If I get back on track with writing, maybe next month?
Rest of this month is shot due to kami con and shit
I got all my cosplays done. Now I just have to get my department together
Coldnap? NapGold?
evening? It's not even past one?
i'm supposed to be writing but i'm stuck on this scene
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/35/Golden_Raspberry_Award.jpg
faust you're in not!canada you don't count
I still consider myself a connecticutlet.
Good, jurks. Love live is the heartwarming tale of nine lesbians who love their school so much they start a band
Now go watch Love Live Sunshine.
Idk. I just. Shit characters onto a page and then I'm like yes this is good
I don't know if I ever have inspirations or if I just start with "I want a character that looks like this now what do they do."
Or i go "I need a character to fill X role, now what kind of person does that?"
like with my current piece of work. I was like "Okay, I need a character that's incredibly charismatic and will rope MC in" and then I was like "Okay this person looks like this." and then I filled in the rest of the bits
though he's still missing a bunch.
!search liam neeson
weaverdice is easy
I ran a major campaign while barely knowing what I was doing
Lilith tried.
I say just cannonball in
if you fuck up you fuck up
See: WD Norwalk.
don't use the past tense like that.
better
I'm gonna run again, I swear!!!
I just need to finish my novel and idk. get more stuff with my wedding done
Don't even know when it'll be now because my mom's being difficult about dates
lol i'd love to elope and go to disney world but unfortunately there's a thing called societal obligation
and I already bought a dress sooooooo~
It's the game I run
I just haven't ran it in over three months because I got a big girl job
yeah.
i'm an adult TM
lol what personal life foss
we're all dead inside
y'all bucky is only being nice to me becuase i have cheez its
I was talking about mine you ding dong
I work 40 hour weeks i have no time to myself
whatchu runnin, cg?
Oh coo
I didn't apply because I knew I'm too busy.
I'm off Sunday as well, Cg, if you do get cam done in the next few days
unfortunately after that my next day off is the 26th. But I'll be at the con.
Kami Con. It's kind of a local con but it's gotten pretty big lately. I'm a head of one of the departments.
So I have lots of shit to do. -_-
It's in Birmingham, AL.
I'm doing two love live cosplays (Nico and Yoshiko), and then Nora from RWBY
? one just ended
but Nora is special to me bcause when Yum and I started dating, one of the first songs he sent me was "Boop" and so yeah. Nora is A+
Because I don't run around telling everyone small details of my relationship?
yeah. It just ended
Oh
wow you didn't know
guess foss is gonna watch the whole thing today
yeah
Yum isn't cosplaying. We were going to try to have him do General Ironwood but we didn't get it ordered in time.
And lol never because that armor tho
idk. I don't particularly have any feeling towards cosplaying characters that only exist in the written word. because everyone imagines them differently so it's like.
idk
it's different if there's a cartoon/movie/tv show or even an official drawn adaptation or whatever but like. When it's just words it's hard to really get the right feeling
 I guess. but Idk.
I don't stop people from doing it, because cosplay is supposed to be fun and if you want to cosplay tide pod chan that's fine.
but for me personally, it's not anything i have interest in cosplaying.
Tide Pod-Chan.
https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/948660152491749377/8YsKeNiQ_400x400.jpg
wat
it's just tubes
hey tell, I got your tell the other day. Wasn't me that showed the program, unfortunately.
SR is so good
Man though tell. I was talking to CG earlier and it's interesting to see how hops and synapse are kind of like. Two sides of the same coin in a way.
With obsession over stronghold the center of their cape career
I mean, yeah.
and only one of them is a mutated abomination.
but they both are extremely loyal to an organization that they never belonged to
Hops is an interesting character. I like him a lot
His brother is a douchebag tho
I just. Man. I know eventually he and millie are going to square off and it's gonna be the sickest fight but someone is likely going to end up dead or maimed
and I don't want it to be me
XD
It would be an awesome ass fight though.
I just want to know what happens. I've been sitting on a cliffhanger for—Wait. CG is this revenge?
$roll 1d6 wits
better than firlz at least.
Did I deserve this?
I just hope that Cam gets his stuff done soon so I can play.
I'm terrified of aliens, tbh.
Like it's my biggest irrational fear.
hence the irrational part. But I can't even look at the art for XCOM2 without like. Freaking out. When they were first announcing it and stuff Yum would always have it on his computer screen and I'd have to like. Position myself so I couldn't see it
Why is sr dead joe?
Now
Tbh I like cg doing his new stuff. It’s p coo
Scream.
DO NIT VRING SIEGE TO NY LAB
no I’m on my phone
Do not bring siege to my lab
I’ve already got shit to take care of
GET OUT OF MY LAB
No. You’re not allowed. No nerds allowed
And no bug ladies either
I especially do not want Ignatius in the lab
Get out of my lab
CAN YOU EVEN HOLD A PEN
Exactly.
Fuck you
Yeah
I’m borrowing it
I broke in second
Non and anti were first. They made artisan cry
I broke in second and basically told him I wasn’t leaving until we were friends and played the cancer card
He knows I’m there
I hacked the security sys, went upstairs and was like “hey so artisan I knew your dead sister from when I was riddled with cancer so like you want to be friends?” And he was like shit I can’t say no to that
Artisan. He’s the last living member of stronghold
Probably
He lets me stay there and work and we go to movies and shit
And eat food together
I broke in to ask him for permission
The whole purpose was to find him and ask him to use the lab
Or rather.
She asked him to start a new version of stronghold with her.
And they settled on “you can use the lab and we can be friends I guess”
He doesn’t leave the base! I had to break in!!!
And I didn’t cause damage
Yeah. I didn’t break things. I hacked using my glitch system
Let me link you my tinker table row
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uP4Cl5gtFAfpjhTNugQjXkKyNhQCdjJ4-ny4OqJKNys
Yeah.
I win
Millie is the most metal cape I have.
Considering her spine is made of metal now
She also ripped a tumor out of her own spine
Tru
No.
Millie didn’t mutate at all. She just replaced her spinal column with tinker tech
She can heal. It’s fine
She got a bitchin power
It was a cancer privilege.
Tinker/thinker/brute
Yep
She hasn’t figured she can copy powers with brains yet
She just hasn’t found a dead brain yet.
Yeah. Millie can just. Sylar people
She doesn’t know she can yet though
She can’t cut their heads open with a thought but if she can figure out powers by staring at dead brains.
Okay
Yeah.
Yeah. Anti made the power.
And it’s awesome. I love it
And I love the character. She’s my second fave wd character I’ve played.
She’s not
She’s a hero
YIU ARE NOT A HERO FAUST
but yeah Millie is a hero. She’s only done one heroic thing yet though
Read some of her sessions silv. She’s good and I love her.
I’m a vain bitch and want everyone to read my shit.
I’ve written two like. Near novel length things for amphetamine queen.
That’s not true!!!
I’ve played heroes!!
Gwyn was a hero at the end. Katz was a hero.
Millie is a her—EXCUSE ME
I WAS DOING MY DUTY TO THE AMESTRIAN GOVERNMENT
I killed a lot of ishvalans.
Yeah
I killed a lot of cretans but they deserved it
Yeah
AQ has killed a lot too
Vale you inflated your girlfriend and then fucked her
Taur I did also shoot a protectorate hero point blank in the chest while high in coke
And yeah I’m talking about hot pants
Yeah
Sorry on my phone
It keeps autocorrecting when it shouldn’t.
Look man I’ve killed a lot of people
thanks to firlz's advice, Strongarm is now the sex skill.
It’s fun
I threw a guy into a tens hole
Tend
REND
Yeah
Killing is fun
Faust you turbomurdered your ex wife
I get bullied all the time it’s fine
It’s okay if mishie does it
I accepted gifts from him so that’s my fault
Mishie got me broadway tickets as a wedding gift so he can bully me it’s fine
And yeah that session was. Amazing
I still remember the chat’s reactions.
Child murder? You mean Norwalk?
Fuck jet stream
I’m CST. As is anti
Speaking of anti you still OWE ME CHEESEVAKE
you also killed a child as a gm
Okay. 😭
Also anti I have the rsvp card in the house I just haven’t seen you yet
It’s 7pm for me
Faust is the whole state of Alaska
Gah I want to go homeeee
Yeah
Faust is pretty coo
He’s just a good dudeo.
I haven’t killed children
Just adults
I did get beat up by preteens tho
I’m evil probably
Not as bad as that
*thal
But thal and I are murder mates.
Thalia once liquified an entire prt squad
Me
;)
Everyone dies
Everything is fine
My power lies in cocaine.
Man. Poor hops
Like. He’s a little shit but poor kid
Ok
And dive cock
It’s isn’t right
I think
Oh
Huh
I’ll be trying to cure the offshoots.
I just have to turn off my humanity first
 No
I said cure not kill
i'm saff (at line 553)
I can fix your hands
Please don’t beat him up
NO BEAT
Yeah, tbh
He /can/ make an omelette.
but i wouldn't be surprised if he can't do laundry
fuck you're going to BRING HER HERE?????????????
HOPS NO
DO NOT BRING HER HERE
):<<<<<<<<<<<
I'm not letting artisan die
man though if you two show up when I'm elbows deep in artisan's guts i'm gonna be like
buddy
"Really? breaking in now?"
yeah
Siege is p dead
STOP
I'M GONNA FIX HIM
look man this is a sterile environment
Please do not taint it with your germs while i'm performing amateur surgery after watching three youtube videos
"Where does the kidney go? Fuck I don't know."
"This is the worst jigsaw puzzle ever"
Millie's base skills are. uh. I think it's medical, presentation, and uh. Fuck I can't remember let me check
but she can download additional pips
Medical, endure, craft, and presentation.
and i'm downloading additional pips in med.
it just started as like. I think she has two since she spent so much time in the hospital that she knows how to administer injections, do basic sutures, etc.
the... el refugio channel?
yeah like. Man Millie's not gonna be exactly happy if you break in but since you're not looking like the guy who kidnapped the senator then maybe she won't just like. immediately try to arrest you
she only had one......
Hops teaches Siege about the birds and the bees
take her to a movie first, jeez.
oh my god
I guess this family isn't normal, considering millie and artisan's first date was "Hey so we should revive stronghold." "no." "but like what if we did it anyway." "no." "But like. I don't think you understand. What if we. Me and you. Revive stronghold." "No." "Okay fuck i'm playing the cancer card."
yeah she's cured or in remission or whatever you call it. But she said that she got her powers after cancer so that's what got her in
also the "I was friends with your dead sister"
man I want a tangerine.
she's ded. I don't think whatever Hops has is her
who's in sr rn?
carry on
i'm just teasing. :-p
i don't have it on hand but i can grab it
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/hWpWkNZ7/
me too
I need to read it again
but I had a small theory
but I need to make sure that—FAUST SHUT UP WE'RE NOT SETTLING
#bucklerdidnothingwrong
I mean. no, it's not.
Unfortunately as much as millie has appropriated the lab, that mess ain't hers
Sobs
STOP TRYING TO GET MONEY OUT OF ARTISAN I NEED THAT MONEY
He IS stronghold
and if I get my way we'll BOTH be stronghold
IT WAS SWAMI'S FAULT YOu"RE JUST NOT SUING HIM BECAUSE hE"S DEAD
HE BLEW UP BUCKLER
You're suing an 18 year old kid who lost his whole family and somehow got a weird cyborg girlfriend.
Not official yet.
But it’s easier to say “girlfriend” as opposed to “girl who has a huge glaringly obvious crush on you that you took to the movies”
I ain't saying she a gold digger but she carries around a gold pan and mutters about gold in them there hills
Again. simplified terminology
they went out on a date after you know. getting mastered really hard
Buckler did nothing wrong.
That was his POWER.
it wasn't meant to blow up
WOULD YOU RATHER SWAMI RUNNING AROUND EVERYWHERE?
Buckler also killed artisan's entire family if we're playing that game.
I mean they wouldn't have
but buckler didn't /know/ this was going to happen
Tell a jury to suck my dick
Well, I'm Adonis 2.0 so it's probably a foam sprayer
I'm just saying. Buckler did nothing wrong please do not harm artisan he is sad and just wants to be alone with his anime
I'm trying to get him to work.
I tried very hard to convince him
but if he's bleeding out on the lab floor it's gonna be harder
GOD DAMNIT
):<
http://cdn.newsapi.com.au/image/v1/e62208cfc6ca30ceb95ecf1d8e190f7e
YOU DIDN'T EVEN DREDGE IT FROM THE HOLE. TELLER DID
What have you done other than eat a steak, Ig?
yeah you're rock dad
i fucking love you guys
yeah I thought that ig was older tbh
since he's dad
yeah but hush isn't the brightest bulb
Hops however did everything due to his boner
I’ve never done anything wrong in my entire life
Man though now that Millie’s dad spilled the beans I’m waiting for her entire family to get wiped out too. 🤷🏻‍♀️
Yeah
Because hops is a dumb kid.
Dumb teenagers are awesome
I need him to be rich because I need materials!!!
I don’t want to have to join the GIT. 😭
Millie works. She just doesn’t get paid because she’s independent.
Lol it’s not just the money!
She genuinely cares about artisan.
But for the purpose of hilarious arguments
Dolla dolla bills
Also lol Millie trying to get a job at the hospital
!search med school
Is blusht dead
Just because you’re a tinker doesn’t mean you went to med school
“So what are your credentials?” “I watched a YouTube video about surgery.”
“One time I removed a tumor from my spine. And I replaced my eyes I guess”
Millie is sixteen mishie
No. No do not take her to her brother. Please dear god do not do that. XD
I know it’s gonna happen
Doesn’t mean I’m not gonna skree
nascent isn't that bad except when your character is too young to do anything but cry as she's being murdered.
Daisy was the only character i've had that died!!!
brb gonna take the dog out please postpone your roasts until i'm back
the pup has pissed
Never
He’s a good vote
Boys
He’s a good boy
Bork
Guys I’m booored
Yeah.
Wink did a lot of bad shit
Yeah
And an arsonist
....right spent
Well
I support wink
Excuse me she not worst girl
You’re worst girl, spelt
I flashed a video stream to stop getting shot at
arson is a girl's best friend
and he's cookng dinder
I WANT MY DINDGS
you can keep him
can I blow something up
MOD ABUSE
taunting is always fun
(I swear i'm not actually that salty i'm just sad because I don't have any actual days off this week)
Mmmmmm depends on the game
though SR has shifted away from worm it was super combat heavy
and people fucking died
Lett, then you should read Norwalk
just don't get walloped
mmmm i still need to work on some SR stuff.
I got bored and stuck on my novel project so I started writing some stuff to help characterize millie better
dude Norwalk had story lines
same with anti's stuff
pit bull is so good tho
you could just be like me and fuck shit up left and right
Shoot a protectorate cape while high on coke. Flash your tits for the camera to stop getting shot at. Jump out a window to catch a mofo.
be complacent in genocide for government approval.
Thal blew up a supervillain while unpowered
I am the original tiddy flasher
It's not my fault that I have such lovely boobles.
^^^
I'm a character person
speaking of characters I need to write more of my goddamn novel. -_-
I like playing characters that are kind of naive and then grow into their own.
but still fuck up
and then you BLOW THINGS UP, BELARUS.
Idk I don't have any wants atm. I really like all the characters I have at the moment.
Imogen is a hot mess who's learning to express her feelings. Millie is way too idealistic and she's watching her entire vision crumble around her. And then I'm really liking my edmonton cape too. The "Well I guess I have to be okay with hamstringing people now."
yep. and faust really likes pit bulp
oh my god
I was going to say Imogen was my first WD character but that's not true. Vortex was.
Verdict is great for the memes though
Verdict punches through the wall. "I SMELL SIN."
ig is awesome
but like
Man I don't want to fuck with him
Sssssssurvive
yeah pink. I'm def not available this week, but once the schedule for next week comes out i'll let you know
well. I'm off tomorow too
just start banging your head on things
that's with her vagina, not her head
most people get really pissed if you just headbutt them in the crotch
I don't know how you suck dick, faust, but that is definitely not how I suck dick.
it is an answer. it's just a shitty answer.
don't bully nick. Nick bullies himself.
:)
I'm the queen sadsack, thanks.
bow down to me motherfuckers.
):< she's not missing any teeth
she is, however, missing a fuck to give
):<
Hey
I want to play cg dice. 😭
Yeah
I know. ):
i'm bummed. I don't have another free day until next wek and I don't even know what day yet
pfftt
thanks. Now i don't have to go to work tomorrow
damnit
though I can't get stabbed. My coworker had a seizure at work the other day and I really shouldn't upstage her
Hey man I like my heart
hllo
Rain of despair was a magical girl
Also y'all this is what happens when I get bored at work.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nf7U_xrlMM6YBa6XuOsjZQPqlgeUBWc650Zdh3zFhB8/edit?usp=sharing
You might be wondering: is this a blog that millie's mom wrote? and you're absolutely fucking right
y'all I was so goddamn bored today. 12 hours and I didn't even get screamed at once.
well there's not a specific number. You'd just have to figure out what businesses we answer for and at what times and /then/ make me cry blood
I don't want to start a whole thing. But just because your thing is similar to some other thing doesn't mean you shouldn't do your thing.
For some.
some of us have been here for 5ever and just get asked to be in shit because we exist.
wait. An hour out of NYC. Where are you from?
I'm from CT.
Norwalk. But yeah, close.
south, you numnut
I'm in alabama.
Vaguely.
More south than west
We're moving to texas in two years if everything goes well.
thalia is my favorite robot.
we're beating up anti?
fuckin finally
man. it really has been that long
Anti runs/ran WDCleveland which started in 2015.
and there's a character named feral
Iri was asking where her name came from
and Anti doesn't remember because it was three years ago and then I got sentimental
Mmm. i wouldn't say that
like
everyone has their own storylines but they exist in the same world and intersect
so like. Love Actually.
as opposed to the Avengers.
I heard that
I just decided to check my phone because I can’t sleep
Pull the trigger piglet.
hi
oh shit
logs?????
Thanks boo
PLEASE DO NOT STAB HIM GUYS
GUYS COME ON.
he won't stab anyone
man. all this is going on and millie is having a temper tantrum with her parents
suck a dick, Spelt
I don't like your attitude. :)
:-P
Genocide is the answer if you’re working for the government and can’t rebel.
ARTISAN WTF
Hey WOW someone uses the building
Probably like four
the lab, the kitchen, the living room, Artisan's room, the guest room.
Five.
Oh I forgot the potty.
;)
this is his HOME.
you want to kick him out of his HOME
you all suck ass
P sure AQ and Shades contacted one of them
considering their condo is full of hidden shit
just leave him alone so he can break a hole in my wall.
wow that was horrible i'ms orry
):<
Stop bullying artisan.
He'S DONE NOTHING WRONG
You're taking your anger at his dad out on an innocent kid
I HATE YOU ALL
Anti why did you break his confidence.
):< break your scrotum
i didn't get cheesecake because he broke his springform pan
not his dick
I know you're trying, Cam
man this is making me so fuckin bummed that I can't play this week
god damn fuckin shit. CG running always gets me pumped
instead i get to be a weeb all weekend
HE DIDN'T INVITE HER
OR SHE WOULD HAVE BEEN LIKE "YEAH SURE I'LL GO MAKE SURE YOU DON"T GET YOUR ASS KICKED"
she doesn't seem to realize that she's head over heels for the most hated man in all of SR
what do you mean
No that's. But.
oh no
now i'm sobbing
"Where's my sister's body."
I mean fair
also artisan you asshole shouldn't you tell them that the lab IS being use
I mean. in some ways Millie is exploiting him.
Millie ain't a saint in any sense
but she's a stupid selfish sixteen year old
It definitely isn’t the top ten.
Hm I’m not sure what the top ten would be.
):
She’s only been in onnneee
I hate you all.
What about the church that pushed Cody off of a roof
Chuck
Chick
Verdict and omen.
please dear god do not fucking stab artisan
if he fucking gets his shit kicked in i'm kciking your shit in
I'm no one's mom. Nothing has come out of my uterus alive.
XD
I'm no one's mom. Nothing has come out of my uterus alive.
Anti I really shouldn’t have to explain menstruation to you.
But yes. Anyways. Cam if you’re the one on my table I will try my hardest to save you.
I swear my campaign isn’t dead
Cam you can’t die either okay
Like.
God damn y’all please remember I learned how to do surgery on YouTube.
oh my GOD yeah you're right fuck
please do not get stabbed cam
because I don't want to know what kind of cyborg abomination millie would turn into if someone died on her operating table.
I DOn"T HAE ANY ANESTHESIA CAM
Whoever i'm operating on, they get a belt and a heartfelt apology
none of that shit works on Millie so she doesn't ahve any
yep
ask artisan.
XD
I really want to find out who the injured party is
i'll fix the kitty
yeah.
all the bits pretty much go in the same spot
you got me there
in the toe beans
teller did put a lot of blood, sweat, tears, and code into that bot though
yeah we were all noobs once
dude i'm still learning new things i can do
trust me, we've seen way worse. You're just curious and a little frustrated. Because IRC is confusing.
There's... I'm not gonna lie there is some. But that's just because most of the GMs have been burned by taking a newbie in their game and then they disappear never to be seen again
man like. someone better send me the full logs of cam's session cuz i have to go to bed soon and i'm DYING TO KNOW WHO ENDS UP BLOODIED IN MY LAB
Gay
i normally talk more because you can't get me to shut up
but I'm about to go to sleep
anyway. Can someone $tell me logs when they end for the night so I can read them in the morning?
jesus I can't keep my eyes open, and I have another 11 hour day tomorrow. Fuck. Night
Okay which of you fuckers has logs from last night
Two people telled them to me I love you cunts
Nah Faust. I missed. A lot
Nick’s had everything I missed
Did y’all pause?
Yeah but I wasn’t awake.
Ree I need to knooowew
I’m screaming. WHO GETS STABBED
COGO TELL ME
😭😭
Cg you torture me
I need a nap.
Gotta go back to the old grind. Bye nerds.
Hi
or possess her and puppet her around for a bit
thanks for the loggos btw nico
Nicko
not
THE ANIME HAS TAKEN OVER
I'm screaming i just. need to know waht happens omg.
like. Who the fuck am I going to have to save?
i just hope they don't fucking die
millie would be WRECKED. And then she'd rip out all her feeling bits
put the feeling bits in the dad bits?
I'm not faust I can't solve my problems by throwing them in the mutant hole, Nick.
get walloped, scrub.
WOOOOW RUDE
Look man. Look.
i'm gonna throw all of y'all in the mutant hole
Get fucked.
oh
Shit
Um
Well Uh
look man we can come to an agreement here.
He's paying money
you can fuck off of him.
i'm not gonna put anyone in the hole!
i'm gonna throw all of y'all in the mutant hole" you, literally just now
because San Raul is a trip
because buckler fucking blew up
HE WASn"T A SHIT YOU TAKE THAT BACK
BUCKLER WAS A GOD AMONG MEN
MILLIE BOUGHT HER POWERS
I DIDN'T GET BUCKLED.
yes probably
Millie had a teddy bear dressed like Buckler
AQ is a gem thanks
do not speak of my trash child in that way
Imogen is a good girl
you can sing.
master bait.
spelt really likes penis names apparently.
the math alchemist
dogs are so good
and if you do you're a fucking monster
If anyone needs me next week I’m off tues, weds, Thursday
What
Sure
This just in artisan died because an offshoot kicked him in the junk
Walloped to the crotch
i have a bad feeling that all of these plotlines are going to cross in my goddamn lab
ig is just like. trying to keep everything together and all these damn kids keep fucking it up
you already beat up andre the dragon, who was just trying to be nice and share drugs with you
non you can't just beat up everyone you don't like
iri don't get shanked by a hobo
it's not weaverdice until you fight a hobo
i'll shank u
bgger balls are a bigger target
you can do most of those things. it's the holding hands part that's difficult
Hey
Good. Tiring. Idk. We came home early because I was just. Dead to the world.
Idk I had fun but I just. Wasn’t my usual self there
We were spread really thin
Kami con, iri.
Hey
Can someone stab me pls
Thanks
GO CAM GO
NO KILLING HIM
anything interesting happen while i was gone this weekend
oh
cool
i'm not disappoint. i just didn't know it was a thing lol
i'm waiting for cam because I want him to finish his SR session
because i'm off tomorrow and thursday
I'm only working three hours today so i'm like
I know he's going to get on when I have to leave and i'm gonna be like. twitching in my seat at work
i just want to know who's in my lab. Because this is going to be a big character point for Millie and I'm just.
CG's probably ready to drive to my house and stab me because i'm just like. PMing him all these theories
he vaguely knows where I live he's been here before
Yeah
(man though I'm seriously excited.)
Like. Millie is a favorite of mine, like second only to AQ.
(At least in WD. Because Astrid from FMA is also wayyy up there)
but yeah so i'm just. I want to see her grow and develop even if that's in a negative way. I hope it's not negative though
But there's a lot she has to think about.
Max, her parents, her little sister, her mission, the GIT. Where she falls in this city.
She's probably given up on trying to convince Max to form a team with her. But she doesn't want to join the GIT and lose him. But will she lose him if she teams with quintana and Kintsugi? Is her dad going to be okay after revealing their secret? Is whoever the bleeding party is going to survive? Is she going to have to call in favors?
Go
go forth
LET ME KNOW
I need answers
there are very few joys in my life at the moment. I live to work, write, and plan wedding.
if you're the one that's dying please don't die millie will lose her shit
THAT'S NOT THE PLOT THAT'S JUST THEIR BLOOD ON THE FLOOR
it's getting thick because it's COAGULATING COME ON GUYS STOP DYING
Like. Man the thing is that if something happens and it's both of them I don't know if millie can make an objective choice.
Because she's gonna pick Max every time
idk i think there was always this fear of bow chuckling in the back going "You're all so wrong."
which to be fair. if I were bow I'd do that
speaking of which I need to work on my book some more. -_-
I'm trying. I'm just so behind after this weekend. I'm getting to the climax so this is when it's important and instead i've been playing mystic messenger and bugging CG lol.
Like. I don't want to be the reason a PC dies.
but Millie would.... Probably save artisan first.
probably not
when you running?
i have two hours until I have to go to work.
can you like. Not die cam???
pls
no shifting in my LAB
actually that might give me cool data
sure shift in my lab
i'm not TAKING BRAINS GUYS
I guess i'll die
man though like.
Whoever it is is gonna have a bad time
"I learned surgery on the internet" plus "hey btw I don't have anesthetics here because they don't work on me, and fuck I have no extra blood."
I don't remember what I wrote down for her blood type
one moment
She's A+.
god damnit
hey cam what's alex's blood type
I always do blood types for my characters tbh
SPIDERS DON"T  HAVE BLOOD THEY HAVE HEMOLYMPH
What's Artisan's, CG?
No, I didn't ask.
"hey btw max what's your blood type I'm asking for a friend?"
Millie is korean and white.
her mom is of dutch descent
I don't remember why I made millie mixed. I think I found the last name Moon and then was like "yeah Korean works."
Imogen, gwyn, And corrina are white. Audrey was Chinese. Millie is half Korean and half white. Vortex is Cuban. Uhhh.
Rain of despair's mom could cook
she was a good cook
Audrey just got sick of having the same thing over and over
of my characters.... Imogen is probably the worst cook.
Millie would probably be the best
i love when anti starts writing food porn. The borgata party was my fave
shut up blushy
Gr
Call me again when I care.
:3
I’m just teasing
I could bully if I wanted to
Tuzi you’re. Gay.
He also enjoys putting penises in his mouth
Thanks
Yeah!!
Oh my god
dick dick.
stab me.
embargo is the name that comes to mind. Has that been used?
Anti these are hilarious
I’m crying laughing.
Stank man
Die
Nudes.
hello
i'll go on your fb and paste your face on the "guess I'll die" dude
Bone Miller
Milker
play in SR Camtist. Do ittttt
Anti has the power to be patient zero in the airport
when he went to japan he passed his disease over there
Using myself as a vector of bioterrorism, just sneeze like a motherfucker in a crowded international airport on christmas day (at line 321)
You got shannon sick while there.
Sure it's not a native japanese person but you technically passed your disease while in a different country.
PATIENT. ZERO.
I think I got your sick from that as well.
I can't remember now
I mean she probably also put her mouth on anti's mouth, unless I'm misreading the entire situation and the wedding invitation.
yep
yep. She beat him up
he just wanted to help her
when was the last time you updated logs?
oh wow yeah
I even got scolded by my MIL today at lunch for not writing. I was saying i wanted a nap and she was like "Nope you gotta write."
though if she ever reads my book I think she'll have a heart attack.
jesus christ iri don't be an a-hole.
Yeah. And I stabbed iblis in the dick 37 times on accident.
Please don't kill artisan
he's so good
